This Sunday, February 5, 2023, marks the launch of the 2023 Grammy Awards. The awards ceremony will air on the Grammys' website at 1am on the morning of February 6. Fans have long been speculating over who will be able to come out on top across the many award categories, with a lot of pressure being played on former One Direction star Harry Styles. Unfortunately for him, his latest record - Harry's House - may not have been enough to grab the coveted awards this year. The competition for 2023's Record of the Year award has exploded. Not only is Harry Styles going up against the likes of Brandi Carlile's You and Me on the Rock and Steve Lacy's Bad Habit, but he's got to contend with both Adele and Beyoncé. Harry's As It Was was the track of the summer in 2023, and as a result he's currently in second place on the odds leaderboard from Ladbrokes with 5/2. However, hot on his heels is Queen Bey's Break My Soul, which has a staggering 9/1. Coming in atop the leaderboard, however, is Adele. Her heart-wrenching track, Easy On Me, broke records when it hit back in October 2021. And, as a result, she currently tops the leaderboard with an incredible 10/11. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said: "The odds suggest Adele will soon be adding to her collection of Grammy gongs this weekend." Adele - Easy On Me - 10/11 Harry Styles - As It Was - 5/2 Beyoncé - Break My Soul - 9/1 Lizzo - About Damn Time - 28/1 Steve Lacy - Bad Habit - 28/1 Brandi Carlile - You and Me on the Rock - 33/1 Adele can't win them all, however. While her fourth album, 30, was a smash hit when it finally hit store shelves in November, 2021, it is not the favourite to win the Grammys' Album of the Year award. Instead, Beyoncé tops the charts. Beyoncé's seventh album, Renaissance, hit streaming services on July 29, 2022 and astounded both fans and critics. It not only reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, but it also went certified platinum. As a result, she is currently the favourite to win Album of the Year with 8/11. Harry Styles is just behind her with his wonderful third album, Harry's House, and a powerful set of 7/2 odds from the bookmakers. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Beyoncé's tour tickets have sold like hot cakes and she looks set for the perfect end to her week with an Album of the Year Grammy seemingly in her grasp." Beyoncé - Renaissance - 8/11 Harry Styles - Harry's House - 7/2 Adele - 30 - 4/1  Bad Bunny - Un Verano Sin Ti - 28/1 Brandi Carlile - In These Silent Days - 33/1 DON'T MISS...Harry Styles gets public apology from 'jerk' Ashton Kutcher [NEWS]Here's a guide to watching the Grammys 2023 in the US and UK [INFO]Paul McCartney, Queen beaten in UK's biggest music earners of 2022 [NET WORTH] Song of the year is a little more interesting for the Grammys 2023. Not only does it include the aforementioned megastars such as Adele (with Easy On Me), Harry Styles (with As It Was) and Beyoncé (with Break My Soul), but also other heavy-hitters including Kendrick Lamar (with The Heart Part 5) and Lizzo (with About Damn Time). The biggest shake-up in the odds for this category, however, is the inclusion of Taylor Swift. The American star surprise-released her tenth studio album, Midnights, in October, 2022, but had previously dropped her elongated version of All Too Well. This became an anthem for the Swifties, and has since claimed an unbelievable 4/1 in Ladbrokes' odds. Still, Adele is at the top of the pack, for now, with 10/11. And Harry Styles is just behind her with 3/1 - so nothing is set in stone just yet. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "At best it's a three-horse race for Song of the Year, and while Adele currently heads the betting, we wouldn't be surprised to see Harry Styles or Taylor Swift pip her to the post." Adele - Easy On Me - 10/11 Harry Styles - As It Was - 3/1 Taylor Swift - All Too Well - 4/1 Beyoncé - Break My Soul - 20/1 Kendrick Lamar - The Heart Part 5 - 20/1 Lizzo - About Damn Time - 33/1 Steve Lacy - Bad Habit - 40/1 Once again, it seems as if Adele could grab another award without breaking a sweat. The 34-year-old singer really took over the world when she released Easy On Me, and her stellar voice on the recording may be enough for her to go home with the Best Pop Solo Performance Grammy of 2023 with a massive 4/5 odds from Ladbrokes. There is a possibility that she will be beaten to the finish line, however. Harry Styles, once again, has a strong spot in the running with As It Was. The British singer-turned-actor has a not unsubstantial 6/4 odds of grabbing the Grammy. Doja Cat is just behind both of these music industry stalwarts, however, with her viral hit Woman. A 5/1 set of odds is enough to ensure that she still has a chance to grab the award by the end of the night. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "No surprises for guessing who leads the way in the Best Pop Solo Performance betting; we'd be amazed if Adele doesn't walk away with the award." Adele - Easy On Me - 4/5 Harry Styles - As It Was - 6/4 Doja Cat - Woman - 5/1 Steve Lacy - Bad Habit - 12/1 Lizzo - About Damn Time - 16/1 Bad Bunny - Moscow Mule - 22/1 The Grammys 2023 will air live from Los Angeles on Sunday, February 5, 2023. You can watch it live on the Grammys website from 1am on Monday, February 6, 2023. Learn about how to watch it HERE.