Labour politicians have had parking fines cancelled without going through a formal process, an investigation has found. A total of 51 penalty notices issued to elected members of Liverpool City Council, both former and current, were challenged and rescinded between April 2015 and December 2020, analysis by the Liverpool Echo discovered. The Labour-led council's interim chief executive Theresa Grant said this was evidence of an "unacceptable culture" in the authority's past.  All 14 of those named in the investigation deny any wrongdoing. The council's Liberal Democrat opposition group leader Councillor Richard Kemp said: "Every councillor has a right to appeal against a parking fine, but they should have been treated exactly the same as every other person and their appeal should have gone into the recognised system that we all use and which I have used once successfully and once unsuccessfully." Each councillor named in the report has provided full responses and explanations for why they say their parking tickets were rescinded - these can be read here. The city's mayor Joanne Anderson said an internal audit would take place.      In Liverpool, if you receive a parking fine, you are charged either £70 or £50 depending on your offence and must pay the fine within 28 days of the Penalty Charge Notice (PCN) being issued. However, if you pay within 14 days it will be reduced by 50 per cent to £35 or £25 respectively. If you want to challenge your fine, you must make this challenge in writing to the council within 28 days of receiving the fine. If this process is carried out correctly, the council should hold records of whether a ticket has been overturned or upheld, but in its response to the Echo, it said that "despite conducting extensive searches of its records, the council has not been able to locate any formal council records detailing why parking services cancelled the 51 PCNs referred to." Responding to the Echo's investigation, the Labour Party said there was a "custom and practice" in the council at the time where parking tickets issued against councillors in the course of their duties could be rescinded and that councillors operated on that basis in "good faith." The party said the situation "reflects a period in the council when its corporate behaviours were not what they should have been."  The spokesman added: “These are historical issues that have already been fully investigated by the council under its code of conduct. It’s also important to remember that no councillors were found to have breached the code given they were simply adhering to what they were told was standard practice." Theresa Grant, Interim Chief Executive said of the information uncovered by the Echo: “It highlights previous poor practice, relating to past processes and scrutiny of the way the council used to be run. It is, sadly, an example of the unacceptable culture that pervaded parts of the council in the past. “I want to be clear that what happened historically is no reflection of the council’s current Parking Services staff nor management team."