Printed in the Biomedicine and Pharmacotherapy journal, the researchers noted the benefits of a tea plant compound. Known as cystatin, the tea plant compound has been shown to promote "anti-thrombotic activity". Cystatin helps to thin the blood by relaxing blood vessels and inhibiting platelets from sticking together. Dr Gill Jenkins said: "Tea is well known for its heart health properties, including blood pressure reduction and antioxidant effects." These health benefits can be attributed to the polyphenols found in tea, such as flavonoids. Dr Jenkins added: "Now this new research has revealed another advantage, with a natural compound in tea helping to protect the heart and brain by reducing clotting." The doctor elaborated: "This adds to evidence showing that regular tea drinkers are less likely to develop heart disease or suffer from strokes." READ MORE: Smell that? Seven warning signs that can help uncover 'difficult to spot' bed bugs Dr Jenkins pointed out another research study that proved how beneficial drinking tea is for people's health. Based on a survey of "nearly half a million British adults", the results revealed that drinking three cups of tea daily is ideal. This is because three cups daily was associated with a 24 percent reduced risk of dying from cardiovascular disease. An extensive review by Dr Tim Bond, Dr Gill Jenkins and Dr Emma Derbyshire also highlighted the heart and brain health benefits when drinking tea on a regular basis. The review highlighted that drinking tea is linked to improved vascular and endothelial function, which can help to lower blood pressure. Moreover, drinking tea has been associated with improved attention and psychomotor speed. And drinking tea could reduce the risk of depression due to the relaxation effects of L-theanine and improved circulation to the brain. Dietitian Dr Carrie Ruxton said: "There are so many things we can do to improve our heart health. READ MORE: The 'anti-cancer' spice that could help shed visceral fat in 'weeks' - study "But drinking a few cups of tea each day is surely one of the easiest – and most enjoyable – options." Dr Ruxton added: "The benefits of tea to vascular health, blood pressure control, and fighting oxidation and inflammation which damage body cells are well known. "It doesn't matter whether you prefer black (regular) or green tea as both come from the same plant and deliver high levels of polyphenols." Dr Ruxton said polyphenols are the "active plant compounds which support cardiovascular health". Blood clots The research suggests that drinking tea could reduce the likelihood of a blood clot occurring, which can be life-threatening. The NHS highlights the warning signs of a blood clot, such as: Throbbing or cramping pain, swelling, redness and warmth in a leg or arm Sudden breathlessness, sharp chest pain (may be worse when you breathe in) and a cough or coughing up blood. Anybody experiencing symptoms of a blood clot should call NHS 111. Dietician Dr Carrie Ruxton and Dr Gill Jenkins are part of the Tea Advisory Panel.