Tripadvisor’s Winter Travel Index has found the UK’s best up and coming holiday destinations. Each of the destinations has attracted a growing number of searches on the review platform. READ MORE: Warning to anyone with holidays booked for Spain, Portugal and Germany Borrowdale in Cumbria was crowned the UK’s best up and coming destination for a staycation this year. A stunning area of the Lake District, Borrowdale is home to an area of National Trust land, Brandlehow Woods. Tourists could climb Castle Crag, a hill in the Lake District’s North Western Fells, which takes about an hour and a half to summit. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “What a lovely walk today. It really does stretch you getting over the slates at the top and you feel you’ve worked very hard.” Castle Combe, sometimes called ‘England’s prettiest village’, claimed the second spot on the hotlist. The destination has been used in several films, including The Wolf Man, Stardust and War Horse. The town’s church dates back to the 13th century and has one of the country’s oldest working clocks. Car enthusiasts could also try out the Castle Combe circuit, a rally course which holds several events throughout the year. READ MORE: ‘Simply amazing’ destination in Greece named world’s best Two destinations in the Scottish Highlands were included in the Tripadvisor rankings, highlighting the area’s popularity. Onich is located on the shore of Loch Linnhe, about five miles from Glencoe village. The gorgeous spot has breathtaking views across the Loch to the mountains of Morven. Morar, a small village on Scotland’s west coast also made the top 10 up and coming destinations for 2023. The stunning spot has gorgeous beaches, which some say can even rival those in the Caribbean. Stuckton in Hampshire took fourth place on the list and is a pretty hamlet in the New Forest National Park. It has several Victorian buildings and a small chapel. Tourists could also head out on New Forest walks while staying in Stuckton. Woolverton, Gosforth, Ratho, Tewitfield and Balmaha also made the list and each could be the perfect spot for a staycation. Meanwhile, Cuba was crowned the world’s top trending destination in the Tripadvisor Travellers’ Choice Awards for 2023.