Kevin McCarthy has laid out a challenge to Joe Biden once again, telling him “debt matters” and urging him to negotiate on America’s borrowing limit. Ahead of the President State of the Union address tonight, the House Speaker called on Biden to keep negotiating with Republicans “to save our country and to make America stronger”. While the President is expect to tout his successes in office at the annual speech to Congress, McCarthy spoke ahead of it to urge compromise. "Defaulting on our debt is not an option," McCarthy said. "But neither is a future of higher taxes, higher interest rates, and an economy that doesn’t work for working Americans. "A responsible debt limit increase that begins to eliminate wasteful Washington spending and puts us on a path towards a balanced budget is not only the right place to start… It’s the only place to start.” "We must return Washington to a basic truth: debt matters," he added. He then urged the President not to draw "lines in the sand," but to negotiate to find "sensible, responsible solutions to our growing national debt”. The Speaker also said "common ground" must be found that allows for a "responsible" debt ceiling increase, pointing to Biden’s 2011 and 2013 negotiations on the limit as Vice President. "Finding compromise is exactly how governing in America is supposed to work – and exactly what the American people voted for just three months ago," McCarthy said. After hitting the $31.4 trillion debt limit in January, the Treasury began taking "extraordinary measures" to avoid default, with an agreement needed by early June. READ MORE: 911 call details how mum cut herself after allegedly killing children So far, the President has played hard-ball and refused to budge on spending cuts, accusing the GOP of planning to axe Social Security and Medicare. On Sunday, Biden tweeted the GOP will cut those programs as part of their effort to trim spending, saying he "won’t stand for that”. McCarthy has already insisted any cuts would not be made to Social Security and Medicare, and repeated on Monday: “Cuts to Medicare and Social Security are off the table.” Top Biden administration officials have indicated that the White House will negotiate on spending and the budget in parallel talks, but only as long as the debt ceiling is raised without strings attached. "One is not appropriate for negotiation; the other one is," Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg said Sunday on ABC's ‘This Week’. And Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen has warned failing to raise the limit would risk a “economic and financial catastrophe”. “America has paid all of its bills on time since 1789, and not to do so would produce an economic and financial catastrophe,” Yellen told ABC’s George Stephanopolous on Monday. “And every responsible member of Congress must agree to raise the debt ceiling.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews