Nico Rosberg lives a stunning lifestyle as a TV pundit, team principal and campaigner since leaving F1 in 2016. The former world champion also lives a life of luxury in Monaco with his estimated £41.4million ($50m) net worth. Like former rival Lewis Hamilton, Rosberg lives in the rich surroundings of Monaco. However, he grew up in the Principality with F1 champion father Keke when he was a kid. He recently admitted he still likes his familiar surroundings and revealed one of the key reasons why he remains in the Principality. Speaking to Gentleman’s Journal, he said: “My school was actually right by the Formula One paddock. And I just love it there, because the quality of life is second-to-none, which is a real privilege. “The whole of the South of France is just so safe, really. I don’t think there’s many places in the world that you never need to worry about safety.” Rosberg has also admitted he likes Lindon and revealed he had “some real estate” in the capital. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg get new rival in superstar DJ Carl Cox Similar to Sebastian Vettel, one of Rosberg’s biggest reasons for walking await from F1 was to spend more time with his family. Rosberg got married to interior designer Vivian Sibold back in July 2014 with the pair welcoming children a year later. Eldest daughter Alaϊa was born in 2015 with Naila arriving in 2017 after Rosberg left the sport. The former Mercedes man is clearly a proud family man, posing for several snaps with his daughters on Instagram. Rosberg still keeps his foot in the F1 door through his role as a TV pundit. The German star has been a key member of Sky Sports F1’s team in recent years, adding insightful punditry on modern-day machines. He was barred from the paddock last season after it emerged he had not been vaccinated against coronavirus. He dialled into coverage from his house in Monaco but will be free to return to the paddock in 2023 after the FIA lifted its strict ban. DON'T MISSNico Rosberg puts Hamilton fourth on list with Verstappen prediction [INSIGHT]Nico Rosberg offers Lewis Hamilton excuse for losing to George Russell [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton's Nico Rosberg issue at Mercedes is 'gnawing' at him [COMMENT] Despite ending his feud with Hamilton in F1, the pair still battle it out as team owners in the off-road electric racing series, Extreme E. Rosberg X Racing secured the inaugural Drivers’ and Constructors’ championship in 2021 with drivers Johann Kristofferson and Molly Taylor. Rosberg has been spotted at a range of Extreme E events and was even snapped playing with his drivers moments after winning the 2021 titles. However, Hamilton got his own back a year later with his Team X44 squad securing both crowns with WRC legend Sebastian Loeb and Cristina Gutiérrez behind the wheel. Rosberg has also embraced campaigning since leaving F1 with a particular focus on climate change. He recently featured at the GreenTech festival and even appeared at the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow last year. He has also pushed for motorsports to embrace clean technology in a bid to save the planet. He explained: “So I'm of the opinion that it's fine to go out there and continue doing what so many people around the world love watching, but make sure that it's used for the benefit of everybody… I think there's going to be huge progress and hopefully we'll be able to really have a carbon-neutral sport." Rosberg recently added a stunning 2,000hp Hypercar to his collection, celebrating the purchase with a series of videos on his YouTube channel. Rosberg has also boasted that his Rimac Nevera electric hypercar can reach 100km/h in under two seconds. He claimed he had the first-ever model built, posting on Twitter: “Went for a full Batmobile spec and it’s Number 1 of 150! Insane electric hypercar (1914HP), awesome company and genius founder.” He has also gotten behind the wheel of Mercedes’ sublime new EQXX for another YouTube review.