The Masked Singer is a guessing game unlike any other with celebrities welcomed to sing their hearts out in extravagant costumes in order to conceal their identities. Fans of the ITV series as well as the panelists have been left stumped regarding who's behind Otter for weeks now with the predictions changing every week. A theory has now come out thanks to fans with a new name circling on social media. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer. Everyone has been scratching their heads for weeks when it comes to the identity of Otter on The Masked Singer. Talk show host Jonathan Ross, singer Rita Ora, presenter Davina McCall and comedian Mo Gilligan had a number of guesses from actresses Zoë Wanamaker and Fiona Shaw to former GBBO star Mel Giedroyc. One name that hasn't been mentioned by fans or the panelists is former Emmerdale actress Patsy Kensit. While the star hasn't been at the top of people's guesses, her odds for being the face behind Otter are very high. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up According to bookmakers Ladbrokes, there are 2/1 odds the 54-year-old is Otter on The Masked Singer. She was originally the lead singer of the pop band Eighth Wonder in the 1980s but joined the cast of Emmerdale in May 2004. Kensit played Jimmy King's (played by Nick Miles) ex-wife Sadie King and made her exit from the soap two years later. She has recently joined the cast of EastEnders as Lola Pierce's (Danielle Amy Louise Harold) long-lost mum after Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) asked her to come to her daughter and Jay Brown's (Jamie Borthwick) wedding. Ladbrokes has also released another few celebrities who are also in the running for Otter. Gogglebox star Kate Bottley has 4/1 odds, comedian Dawn French is 5/1, and actresses Keeley Hawes and Emma Thompson at 6/1 and 8/1 respectively. Some fans, however, believe another celeb who has not yet been mentioned could be behind the furry creature. In her Week Five clue package, Otter stated "something about me isn't real" and kept repeating the word "real" several times. DON'T MISS...BBC ageism row 'brewing' as top presenters axed ahead of merger [REACTION]The Masked Singer's Phoenix identity 'certain' to be ex-The Voice star [THEORY]The Masked Singer fans 'expose' identity of Jellyfish as BGT star [SPOILER] It has now been predicted by many on social media that she could actually be comedian and This Country star Daisy May Cooper. Taking to Twitter, one viewer said: "Daisy May Cooper as Otter, I think the not really real could be about This Country because people may think it is a reality show but it is a mockumentary." Referring to her performance of 9 to 5 as well, a second said: "There was a scarecrow, that’s the title of the first episode of This Country. She’s won BAFTAs it’s my queen Daisy May Cooper." While a third simply added: "I can hear Daisy May Cooper speaking." Ladbrokes has stated Jacket Potato is the favourite to go this week, predicting it is Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Samboro behind the mask. Unfortunately, Otter is then next in the running as the most likely to leave the competition. Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "It looks like Jacket Potato and Otter will find themselves at risk this weekend." The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.