TLC’s hit reality series 1000lb Best Friends returned to screens with an exciting health update about Vanessa Cross’ weight loss journey. However, the 44-year-old was let down when Dr Proctor explained she wasn’t “ready” for skin removal surgery.  1000lb Best Friends follows the lives of Vanessa, Meghan Crumpler, Tina Arnold and Ashley Sutton as they support each other throughout their life-changing health kick. The reality show became an instant hit as it displayed the real-life challenges and victories of their weight loss journey. When 1000lb Best Friends first premiered in 2022, Vanessa weighed 448lbs and after a recent check-in with Dr Proctor, she was down 200lbs. Although Vanessa was moved to tears, the excitement soon turned into disappointment after she asked the specialist about skin removal surgery. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall   After gleefully showing Proctor she could finally bend down to put her own shoes on, she asked about her excess skin. Vanessa extended her arms out and shared: “My only biggest, biggest issue is with all my hanging it’s making me be extremely self-conscious.” She demonstrated her point by pretending to wave at someone to show Proctor her loose skin. Despite her weight loss, Vanessa will be forced to wait a while longer as the doctor stated: “Right now's not the time to have the surgery, you're probably not quite ready yet.”    Much to her disappointment, Vanessa went into detail about why she wanted to get rid of the excess skin. Fiddling with the skin on her neck, she highlighted: “These are the thing I want removed. This big old rooster.” After imitating the bird’s crow, Vanessa shook her arm and added: “Then you’ve got your bat wings, do you hear that, yes that’s what happens. Moving on to “Betsy May Cross,” Vanessa pulled the loose skin from her stomach out of her shorts and joked: “She’s my friend, she goes with me everywhere now, she just hangs.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [THEORY]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton receives major weight loss news [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ [INSIGHT]  As she lifted the skin, the star explained: “This is what causes all of the physical issues up under here. “As you see the dark, that’s from yeast, moisture gets in there.” Vanessa pulled the skin through the leg of her shorts and continued: “If I want to wear shorts and try to be sexy this is what you get. “You’re at your date, you’re sitting next to your friend and the next thing you know, Betsy decides she wants to come out and play. It’s embarrassing.”    As she was left visibly heartbroken by Dr Proctor’s denial, fans took to social media to encourage Vanessa and praise her weight loss milestone. @haley_holly tweeted: “I am so happy for Vanessa! She has taken Dr Proctor’s advice seriously and really done well.” A second viewer @KaseyM1489 added: “She's done phenomenal! Like truly! I hope she can get surgery soon to remove extra skin. She's killed it!” @BalueCat shared: “The skin under Vanessa‘s neck looks surprisingly good, considering how much weight she’s lost.” While @ThickScorpio82 remarked: “They could at least remove the skin from Vanessa's arm.”  1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. 