Need to put the spark back in a relationship on Valentine’s Day? The UK’s most romantic staycation destination could be the perfect place to reignite the fire. READ MORE: World's best destination for LGBTQ+ tourists named Sweetcombe Holiday Cottages found the UK’s most romantic destinations as Google searches for "Valentine's getaways" surged. A spokesperson said: “Known for its picturesque landscapes and vast walking routes, the beautiful scenery of the Lake District makes it an ideal destination for couples looking for a romantic weekend away. “Thrill seekers can get their fill with plenty of water sports to choose from, and for those wanting a more peaceful experience, why not head to Ambleside and take in the 360 degree views on a private rented boat? “Or take in the sunset with a hot air balloon ride over Windermere Lake.” The Lake District is one of the UK’s most popular national parks, so it’s no surprise to see it named one of the country’s most romantic destinations. York, which was recently named one of the most welcoming cities in the world, took second place in the rankings. The spokesperson said: “If cobbled streets, historic artefacts and medieval towns sound like you, a couples trip to York is a must.” The team recommend couples take a “stroll” along the Shambles and sample some of the city’s renowned chocolate. READ MORE: The most welcoming holiday destination in the world is in the UK Couples can also take a romantic stroll around the city’s walls to enjoy fantastic views of the cathedral. Beach fans might prefer a break in the third spot on the list, beautiful Devon on the south coast. The spokesperson said: “With miles of white sand beaches, breathtaking stately homes, and historic villages to explore, the county of Devon offers endless possibilities while celebrating with the one you love. “Take a stroll in search of waterfalls at Canonteign Falls or make use of the Dark Skies Discovery Site in Exmoor National Park for a clear view of the twinkling stars.” Over in Wales, couples could go on a romantic trip to the UK’s "Little Italy", stunning Portmeirion. The Italianate village feels like a piece of the Mediterranean lifestyle in the UK and has incredible gardens. The spokesperson said: “Take a walk around the Village Gardens to explore the sub-tropical forest which are home to secret gardens and 19 miles of mythical paths. “Save your Italian trip and settle for something just as beautiful, but 1,400 miles closer.”