A teacher has been sparked an angry row on media commenters after making white kids bow to black classmates in a viral video posted online. Sixth-grade language teacher Ethan Hooper was put on leave after parents complained about clips uploaded to his personal TikTok account.  Footage from Orlando's Howard Middle School in Florida showed white pupils kneeling while worshiping thee black classmates to mark Black History Month. Another clip blasted the Sunshine State's Governor Ron DeSantis over his crackdown on books deemed inappropriate for children. Although students laughed during the lessons, parents have voiced concern about Hooper's potential impact on kids. Howard Middle School dad CJ Johnson told Click Orlando: "If one of the teachers was using my kid for political gain, that would upset me.   "What if I don’t believe in that, and, you know, that’s not what I’m teaching my kid." But student Jaida Jackson voiced her support for the teacher. She told WESH: "He didn’t really do anything wrong." Orange County Public Schools superintendent was left "appalled" by the "inappropriate" videos, claiming students were used as "political props". Maria Vazquez said in a statement: "I am appalled at the behaviour and judgment of the teacher who posted the inappropriate videos using his students as political props. "This is not free speech — it is the exploitation of our students for political purposes and it will not be tolerated in our school district." School district’s media manager Michael Ollendorf suggested Hooper’s fate has likely been sealed. He said: "Any employee of who creates videos or other content with students in an effort to exploit them for political purposes will be immediately removed from the classroom, placed on administrative leave and swift action will be taken to terminate employment." Twitter account Libs of TikTok shared the clips online. Jason Nelson, who unsuccessfully stood for the Republican Party's nomination in Texas' 17th district last November, claimed: "This is horribly racist, sad, and pathetic." Another user, operating under the handle @jacktherooster, wrote: "This is disgusting." 