The best Sky deals are about to end but there's still a very limited amount of time left to grab Sky TV at its "lowest-ever" price. In fact, those who act fast will be able to take delivery of Sky's new Stream box plus get premium channels and Netflix for just £24 per month. Included as part of the bargain bundle is Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Sky Max plus content from National Geographic and Comedy Central plus there's no set-up fee to pay with Sky sending the palm-sized device out in the post. Along with being pretty cheap, Sky Stream is also a doddle to set up with users simply plugging it in and connecting it to their broadband for full access to hundreds of channels. There are also all of the most popular streaming apps baked in making it easy to watch shows across numerous platforms such as Disney+, Apple TV+ and Prime Video. Want to know more? Read our full Sky Stream review. If that entertainment bundle doesn't sound enough for your needs then don't panic as there are some other content-packed options that are also at their lowest-ever price. For example, you can get Sky Stream, Sky TV, Netflix and Sky Cinema for £35 per month or switch up to Sky Stream, Sky TV, Netflix and Sky Sports for £44. All of these deals are based on an 18-month contract and require an internet connection so that Stream box can work. As a quick reminder, Sky Stream launched late last year and includes a dish-free way to watch telly. The box also includes a new back-lit remote control, is fully 4K compatible and can record shows via Sky's cloud service or catch-up providers such as BBC iPlayer or ITVX. If that's got you pondering a switch to Stream here are all the best offers and how to claim them. Sky Stream, Sky TV & NetflixPRICE: £24 per monthINCLUDES: Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Sky Max and NetflixSET-UP FEE: FREEDEAL ENDS: February 2, 2023SEE THE OFFER HERE Sky Stream, Sky TV, Netflix and Sky CinemaPRICE: £24 per monthINCLUDES: Sky Atlantic, Sky Documentaries, Sky Nature, Sky Max, Netflix and Sky CinemaSET-UP FEE: FREEDEAL ENDS: February 2, 2023SEE THE OFFER HERE Sky Stream, Sky TV, Netflix and Sky SportsPRICE: £24 per monthINCLUDES`SET-UP FEE: FREEDEAL ENDS: February 2, 2023SEE THE OFFER HERE Along with these deals on Sky Stream there are also some big discounts for those needing a new broadband deal. Right now you can get Sky's basic 36Mbps speeds for just £23 per month or there is faster 145Mbps for £30 per month. As a quick guide, if you simply sends a few emails, surf the web and watch the odd show on Netflix a basic plan should be fine. However, if you start filling your home with smart devices and spend endless hours streaming music and talking Zoom calls something a little faster is a good idea.