What do the Royal Family like to tuck into after a long day? The royals must have access to some of the finest cuisine in the world, but Prince George's favourite meal is surprisingly simple. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis live very unique lives that few of us can relate to. They get to meet amazing people, visit incredible places and taste delicious cuisine from all over the world. So what does the 10-year-old heir to the throne like to eat after a hard day at primary school? According to celebrity chef Aldo Zilli, the future King's favourite dish is spaghetti carbonara, as reported by the Daily Mail. READ MORE: The Queen may have hated Prince Harry and Will's favourite meal  Speaking about Prince William he stated: "I'm waiting for the call because apparently his little boy's favourite is spaghetti carbonara, so I'm waiting for the call to go and cook it for him." He added: "If George has my carbonara, he will never have another one, so I need to go and make it, let's get the ball rolling, send me to the palace to cook!" Pasta is a firm favourite in the Wales household, with Kate revealing that the family love to cook a particular Italian dish together. During a visit to Lavender Primary School, Kate reportedly shared that she likes to make "cheesy pasta" with her youngsters. The children all have a little role in the process - "one stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in". Kate has made several revelations about her children's eating habits over the years, and it seems like they have some mature tastebuds. In conversation with Mary Berry, Kate shared that the family enjoy making a fakeaway together at home. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'sexy' dish that the Queen 'does not care for'  During her chat with the baking legend back in 2019, she said that she and the kids had made homemade pizza using Mary's pizza dough recipe. She stressed the importance of allowing the kids to experiment in the kitchen, urging them to "be creative and as independent as possible with it". While the Wales' enjoy a treat dinner as much as the rest of us, Kate is keen to feed her children lots of nutritious veggies. The Princess shared Prince Louis' favourite vegetable. At the time he would have been less than two years old, and already had super sophisticated tastebuds. Kate said: "We grow our own vegetables, we've got carrots, beans, beetroot's a massive favourite, Louis absolutely loves beetroot." Young Princess Charlotte is a fan of Charlotte potatoes - likely due to their shared name - as well as olives.