 Lidl fans on TikTok claim we have been "sleeping on" some so-called dupes which are rumoured to be very similar to some signature scents from Molton Brown. Molton Brown is one of my favourite luxury bath product specialists, and at £25 per 300ml bottle, they're a brand I only treat myself to on special occasions.  However, a TikTok creator piqued my interest when she revealed some "dupes" of the shower gel and hand soap range for £1 and under. Georgie Baigrie, who shares dupes and retail review videos with her audience of 47.4K followers, said: "We've been sleeping on Lidl again. Who knew they had Molton Brown dupes? I have no idea ifs they are brand new or if they have been out for a while now but they look so good." Georgie claims that the Cien Orange and Bergamot hand wash "is a dupe to Molton Brown Orange and Bergamot hand wash", and that the Cien Rose and Rhubarb hand wash "is a dupe to Molton Brown Delicious Rhuarb and Rose fine liquid hand wash". Each of the 300ml supermarket hand soaps retails for 59p, which is a whopping saving when compared with Molton Brown's 300ml hand soaps worth £22. The Lidl range also features some bath gels which have very similar names, packaging and smells to some popular Molton Brown scents. However, while a 300ml Molton Brown bath and shower gel retails for £25, the Lidl bath and shower gels retail at just £1.09 for 500ml. READ MORE: I tried Boots' viral and affordable 'brightening' Vitamin C skincare  I decided to put three scents from Molton Brown and their three Lidl "dupe" alternatives to the test to see just how similar they really are. The Delicious Rhubarb and Rose is my absolute favourite Molton Brown scent, which I currently have a shower gel version of, so I was intrigued to see whether or not Lidl could pull off replicating the sweet yet sharp smell. I was pleasantly surprised by just how similar the two are. Admittedly, I think there are stronger hints of rose in the Molton Brown scent, but if you didn't have the two products side-by-side, I really don't think you would know the difference. In terms of appearance, the Molton Brown product has a slightly darker pink shade than the Lidl product. DON'T MISSMartha Stewart's must-have product is only £10 [REVEALED]Shoppers 'will never buy foundation again' after trying £10 Boots find [COMMENT]Bra fitter shares the 'worst way' to put on your bra [VIDEO] Out of the three scents, I believe this one is the most similar. However, if I was being really picky, I would say there were stronger notes of orange in the Molton Brown version. The Lidl Orange and Bergamot scent comes in both a hand wash and a shower and bath gel. When stood side-by-side the Molton Brown product is slightly lighter in colour than the Lidl product, which appears to have more of a yellow tinge. This is another strong scent from Molton Brown and one of their classics, yet once again I think Lidl has done a really good job of replicating it. In fact, from scent right through to the colour of the product, the two are almost identical. If you're looking for a luxurious-smelling bath and shower gel or hand soap and can't afford to splash out on Molton Brown, then I think Lidl offer a fantastic alternative. The packaging is extremely similar to the high-end alternatives, with minimal, sophisticated branding on the bottle and a small round emblem in the same place as the recognisable Molton Brown emblem. All products feature similar lids and pumps, with the branding being the only noticeable difference on first look. For those seeking a stronger scent, the Molton Brown products did seem to have more lasting power in my opinion. However, Lidl's savings of £21.40 on the hand soap and £23.91 on the bath and shower gel make the products instant winners for me.