NBA superstar Giannis Antetokounmpo was enjoying himself on The Daily Show on Monday night, but he has been told he was out of line for poking fun at Kevin Durant. In a segment with guest host Hasan Minhaj, the Milwaukie Bucks star was tasked with reading jokes about his counterparts Nikola Jokic, Durant and LeBron James off a teleprompter, with reigning MVP Jokic the first to receive a shot. “Joker, how are you going to make it through the finals when you look like you can barely make it through a Burger King drive-thru,” the ‘Greek Freek’ said before backtracking and saying he “loved” the Denver Nuggets’ leader’s game. Next in the firing line was Durant, who is yet to make his debut for the Phoenix Suns after being traded by the Brooklyn Nets. The gag centred around Durant leaving the Oklahoma City Thunder to join Steph Curry and the Golden State Warriors to win two NBA titles. “You keep joining super teams to win the NBA title,” Antetokounmpo said looking down the camera. “How about we work out together sometime so I can teach you how to carry your own team?” READ MORE: Milwaukee Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo wrist injury update Again, the two-time MVP quickly retracted his remarks, saying Durant was his favourite player growing up, before declining to read the joke about all-time scoring leader James, who he labelled “the GOAT”. While for many, Antetokounmpo’s antics will be seen as harmless fun, Undisputed host Shannon Sharpe disagrees, with the NFL Hall of Famer dishing out a reality check on his status in the league. “I don’t think it was cute,” Sharpe said. “I understand you are on The Daily Show and you make light of certain situations, but certain things, I’m like ‘Nah, I’m gonna pass on this one’. “He’s had this before with the All-Star game when he was asked if he was going to take James Harden and he was like ‘Nah, I want someone who is going to pass me the ball’. How do you think James Harden is going to take that? How do you think Kevin Durant is going to take this? “Giannis, you’ve got to remember now if you’re talking about carrying a team, remember what you were doing before you traded for Jrue Holiday and before Khris Middleton came of age. Let me tell you what you did, before you got Holiday you lost in the Eastern Conference finals, you lost in the first round, so you weren’t carrying anything anywhere. “You have turned into an unbelievable player. You are a top-two, top-three player in the NBA currently, but let’s not pretend you’ve been doing this your whole career, bruh, because you haven’t.” Sharpe believes Antetokounmpo and his entourage should have vetted the skit before going live on air, believing it was inappropriate to poke fun at 13-time All-Star Durant. Sharpe added: “I get it, but there is a certain level when you become a top player, this is a conversation that you have with your boys that is off-air. That never makes the light of day, that never makes it publicly. “Kevin Durant is catching strays over there like ‘I’m rehabbing and trying to get ready for Phoenix and you’re taking a shot at me’. “I thought it was unnecessary and just because something is written for you, that doesn’t mean you have to do it.”