Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has been told he must spend more in the transfer market after Wednesday's loss to Borussia Dortmund. Former Blues defender Jason Cundy says a goalscoring striker must be next on the agenda for the American. Chelsea lost 1-0 to Dortmund in the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie. Graham Potter's side performed well on the night but were unable to find a goal. Boehly has spent in excess of £600million on new signings since buying the club nine months ago. But Cundy insists more must be done after a frustrating night in Germany. He said on talkSPORT: "Do you know what? I'm not worried about [Dortmund]. We can beat them at our place, they weren't great. We can beat them. "But if we play the same, or even better, and we don't score, we're out. Simple as that, and football will never change. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race  "It's so frustrating to play as well as we did. This is like watching Potter's Brighton. "The times I saw Brighton play, the chances they created, played well, but didn't put the ball in the back of the net. Honestly the frustration of watching Chelsea play tonight... "I don't care how much money we've spent, spend more. We need a striker, we need someone who can put the ball in the back of the net." Chelsea boss Potter was enthused with his side's performance. But a second-half Karim Adeyemi goal was enough to secure a narrow lead for the hosts. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Arteta let down by three players in nightmare Man City defeatAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneTottenham could have new dazzling XI if billionaire Iranian-American buys club  Potter was left ruing his side not taking advantage of their dominance in periods of the match. He told reporters: "Overall, we were pleased with the performance for big parts of the game. "It is complicated away from home in the Champions League, in a hostile environment against a team that's in a good moment. It was an even first half, we managed the game quite well with good opportunities to counter-attack and we hit the bar. "Then in the second half apart from the one decisive action where we didn't do well enough, we were the dominant, the better team and created some good chances. We needed a little bit of luck maybe and a little bit of final execution. "We deserved a goal but have to keep going. It's half-time. It's a tight tie. We look forward to Stamford Bridge."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here