A heartbreaking photo of mum-of-two Nicola Bulley celebrating her birthday has emerged before she disappeared without a trace. Nicola, 45, is seen smiling with joy holding a big happy birthday balloon. In the post, the mortgage adviser from Lancashire, missing since January 27, shared how she was finally able to kick back and enjoy a "cheeky birthday prosecco".  Nicola is surrounded by cake, gifts and a cake. Nicola posted the message as she celebrated her 45th birthday in October. In the post on her page Nicola Bulley - Mortgage Advisor, she wrote: "It’s been a busy work day today and it’s my birthday! READ MORE: Nicola Bulley’s friend identifies critical ‘blind spot’ "Thank you to everyone that has sent me birthday wishes, gifts and cards! I’m feeling the love." She went on to thank the estate agents Love Homes for their gift: a box of bath bombs and body wash. "I’m finally sat with a cheeky birthday Prosecco," she added in the post. The much-loved woman’s post was responded to with warmth as dozens posted their best wishes in the comment section. Don't miss... Town 'not easy on the eye' tops worst places to live in England list [LATEST] Putin launches fresh Ukraine bomb attack as Zelensky meets King [LATEST] School 'humiliates' pupils as 'food taken from plates' over lunch debt [LATEST] Nicola was last spotted in St Michael’s on the River Wyre in Lancashire on the morning of January 27. At 8.26 she left home to take her children to school and had a 15-minute chat with other parents, according to police. She then was seen walking her Spaniel Willow along a towpath by the River Wyre in St Michael’s under an hour later. But since then, nobody has found a trace of her. Since her disappearance, police have sent helicopters, drones, police dogs, and divers to search for her. On Friday (February 3), Lancashire Police said they were working on the hypothesis that she fell in the river, a theory that has been protested against by Bulley’s friends and family. Days after Superintendent Sally Riley explained the theory that she may have fallen into the water after trying to retrieve a dog ball on the river bank, a specialist underwater team was dispatched to search the water. But the family are still left without answers and the Specialist Group International Chief Executive said he is "very surprised" she was unable to be found. SGI chief Peter Faulding told LBC: "If I’m honest, I don’t think she fell in the water. That’s just my opinion, with all the drownings that I’ve dealt with over the years. "[Bodies] normally go down. And the police dive team are brilliant – they know what they’re doing, they’re professional, and they would have found her, as we would have done. "We locate people quickly. And that’s what I’m shocked with – that she’s disappeared." The experts used a £55,000 machine that maps huge chunks of seafloor and river beds. Faulding claimed the expensive equipment could see "every single stick" on the river bed. Friends of Nicola’s have protested against "tourists" visiting the site where she went missing. Friend Heather Gibbons told the BBC people were turning up to "do social media things". "We have noticed it does feel like some people have come to maybe use it as more like a tourist spot, to do their own personal social media things which in some ways we see and understand but it is hard, there's a lot of people around as it is," she said.