Universal credit claimants who have been unemployed for more than three months will be forced to go on an intensive two-week course to help them get back into work. The programme is being trialled in four areas of the UK and could lead to someone's benefits being stopped for up to three months if they fail to attend Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) meetings. Universal Credit is paid to people who are out of work or on a low income with claimants required to meet a work coach every two weeks to discuss their job search. However, the Government is proposing a change which would mean claimants need to attend an intense course of daily meetings over a two-week period, The Times reports. Anyone who doesn't attend these meetings could lose their standard allowance of £334.91 a month for up to three months. The programme is currently being trialled in Crawley in Sussex, Pontefract in Yorkshire, Partick in Glasgow and Coalville in Leicestershire. READ MORE: We tested 7 cheap gadgets that heat your home Mel Stride, work and pensions secretary said: "Evidence shows that the longer a person is out of work the harder it is for them to return, and it is at this 13-week point that a claimant’s likelihood of securing employment begins to decrease." If successful the scheme could be rolled out across the UK, however some people are exempt from the programme. This includes those who are awaiting work-capability assessments, claimants required to complete less than 35 hours a week of work search activity and those exempt from looking for jobs. This is not the only change affecting universal credit in 2023. DON'T MISS:British Gas customers paying £500m more for opting out of direct debit'Turned £10k into £52k' - Isa savers love this fund but it's riskyState pensioners could get £3,300 annual boost   Universal credit changes coming in 2023 include a change to the Administrative Earnings Threshold (AET) of Universal Credit which will mean more people will have to actively look for work while claiming. The threshold has been raised to 15 hours on National Living Wage, making it £617 for single people and £988 for couples. People earning below this threshold will be placed in an intensive work search group where they face more pressure to increase their hours or look for more work. Meanwhile, all benefits including universal credit will increase from April in line with September 2022's inflation figure of 10.1 percent.  More than a million households in the UK are missing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £6,216 a year according to poverty charity Entitled To. They are encouraging Britons to apply for Universal Credit if they are on a low income or unemployed. People can enter their details into a benefits calculator on Turn2us, Entitled To or Gov.uk to get an estimate of how much they could be entitled to from the DWP. The amount is worked out each month, so may be different from one month to the next if people earn a different amount, or if circumstances change.  How much someone can earn and claim universal credit depends on individual circumstances and whether they have dependent children living at home. However, MoneySavingExpert Martin Lewis is just one expert encouraging people to do a check for universal credit entitlement if they have a household income of £40,000 or less. Even if people only receive a small top up of universal credit it could lead to 30 other freebie benefits like free prescriptions and money towards council tax that could help with the cost of living.