Antonio Conte hailed Tottenham youngsters Oliver Skipp and Pape Matar Sarr for their performances that left him "satisfied" despite their 1-0 defeat to AC Milan on Tuesday night. Spurs will need to overturn a narrow deficit in their home leg in a month's time after losing the first 90 minutes of their last-16 knockout tie, but Conte declared himself happy with the duo's display. Conte was forced to deal with a series of injury problems after first-choice goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and key midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur were ruled out with long-term injuries in the past week. But the Italian was left with a midfield crisis after Yves Bissouma required surgery on his fractured ankle, leaving him with only two fit centre midfielders. Skipp, 22, was making his first start in the Champions League after four substitute appearances as was Sarr, 20. who has only recently found his way into the first team. But both players, despite their relative inexperience at this level, coped with the occasion well inside the San Siro. And Conte, who publicly backed the pair to impress before the game, doubled down with words of praise after the game, backing the duo to become important players for the club as they deal with Bentancur and Bissouma's injuries. READ MORE: Hugo Lloris injury could be two blessings in disguise for Tottenham When asked for his verdict on their displays, Conte told BT Sport: "I'm really satisfied, Sarr and Skippy played a really good game and showed the trust we have for them, I repeat this. "We know we may have to continue with three midfielders for the rest of the season and to have this type of performance leaves me more relaxed, because I know we can count on them 100 per cent and Pierre to come back, is an important player and is a good player for us." Tottenham know they have to score at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium for the return leg on after Brahim Diaz's early header proved to be decisive. But the alternative could have been a lot worse, with Charles de Ketelaere and Mallick Thiaw missing golden chances to pile on the misery. DON'T MISSTottenham tipped to sign 'next level' Lloris replacement in Jan OblakVan der Vaart tells Tottenham that Ziyech would 'solve' their problemsTottenham 'weighing up' free transfer for Liverpool star Naby Keita A philisophical Conte considered the one-goal defeat to be progress after their dreadful display against Leicester at the weekend, although the 53-year-old was disappointed with the manner of how his team conceded so early to Milan. "I think it was better today and high intensity and I think we played against a good team and don't forget Milan last season won the league in Italy," he added. "I think that to concede the first goal we can do much better. Instead we concede a goal after maybe only 5 minutes. Then we try to lead the game and create a situation to score but I think Milan defender very well. "We created the chances to score but in the end we are talking about a defeat, a loss." The Spurs boss admitted the atmosphere was daunting for his side with an estimated 80,000 fans inside. But he is confident the team can produce a similar display with the backing of their own fans in the second leg. "For qualification you have to play two games. It is the first game away and the atmosphere was fantastic. I know the San Siro and I know the difficulty to play with this atmosphere. In the second game we have to play at our stadium and our fans will create the atmosphere to help us overcome the Milan obstacle." Conte knows he will be without Lloris and Bentancur for the remainder of the season, but the Italian tactician will have Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg back from suspension after the Dane missed the first leg due to picking up three yellow cards in the group stage. Eric Dier will be ruled out of the second leg after he picked up a caution in Milan, but Conte at least has several defenders able to deputise in Davinson Sanchez, Ben Davies and Japhet Tanganga.