The Blacklist has been a staple drama for NBC for a decade with international fugitive Raymond "Red" Reddington (played by James Spader) working with the FBI to help catch some of America's most wanted criminals. The show is returning for just one last season before Reddington and the team of agents' stories reach their conclusions. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about who is starring in The Blacklist season 10 episode one. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Blacklist. There probably wouldn't be The Blacklist without Raymond Reddington as he works alongside the FBI, helping them with investigations that assist his own personal goals. He is portrayed by three-time Emmy Award winner James Spader who has been in shows like The Office, Boston Legal, The Practice and Lincoln. Spader is also the voice of Ultron in Avengers: Age of Ultron which came out in 2015. But how will his character Reddington's story end in this 10th and final season? READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall FBI Agent Donald Ressler has had a difficult and often hostile relationship with Reddington over the years. He still holds him responsible for the death of Agent Elizabeth Keen (Megan Boone) which he hasn't been able to get over. Canadian actor Diego Klattenhoff has appeared as Derek in Whistler, Ivan in Men in Trees and minor roles in popular movies like Mean Girls where he played Shane Oman. Bar The Blacklist, fans may recognise Klattenhoff from the political drama Homeland as Mike Faber. Dembe was Reddinton's right-hand man for years until he joined the FBI in season nine. He still proved his loyalty to his old friend when he captured Marvin, the man responsible for Keen's death but what does this mean for his career as an agent? The Blacklist is what Hisham Tawfiq is definitely best known for but he has worked on other projects over the past 10 years. These have included Skate Kitchen, Conrad, Law and Order: SVU and Harlem. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [EXIT]The Blacklist fans baffled as James Spader fails to return to NBC [REACTION]The Blacklist season 10: Dembe betrayal 'sealed' as double agent plot  [SPOILER] Dedicated to his job as the Assistant Director for Counter-terrorism, Harold Cooper may be stern but he has a good heart. He has always tried to follow his personal moral compass but it can be tested when it comes to working with criminals like Reddington. Harold is portrayed by actor Harry Lennix who has been Terrence "Dresser" Williams in the Robert Townsend film The Five Heartbeats and Boyd Lanton in the series Dollhouse. Some of his other parts have been in Ray, The Matrix Reloaded, Man of Steel and Nothing is Impossible. Joining the cast for season 10 is Agent Siya Malik, played by actress Anya Banerjee. Those who have watched the drama since season one will recognise the name Malik as Siya is the daughter of assassinated Agent Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra). Banerjee has been in Auckward Love and a number of shorts. The Blacklist season 10 premieres on Sunday, February 26, on NBC in the USA.