Jay Hernandez has successfully brought back one of TV’s most popular crime solvers now original star Tom Selleck is heading up the Regan family on Blue Bloods. After being saved by NBC from cancellation on rival network CBS, Magnum PI has finally returned for its fifth season, although the lead star revealed he came very close to not taking on the role. Hernandez revealed he turned down Magnum PI twice as he wasn’t convinced audiences would accept a new version of the classic crime procedural. The reboot began on CBS in 2018 and introduced fans to a brand new cast portraying their old favourites. However, lead star Hernandez was initially rather daunted to take over the Blue Bloods star’s biggest role. “What’s funny is the first time they came to me with the project I think I said ‘No’ twice,” he revealed. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall “Because I was convinced that nobody would accept anybody else besides Tom Selleck as Magnum PI. “So, it was a number of conversations. Ultimately I agreed to it. But it was somewhat intimidating.” The star clearly made the right decision, as Hernandez’s Magnum PI revamp pulls in millions of viewers each week. It has proved so popular that fans even raised money to promote a campaign to save the series in Times Square after CBS pulled the plug after just four seasons. “[Selleck] had short shorts, too,” the star joked to Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show. “Not just short shorts but short jeans. He could pull that off, that’s hard to do. Not too many people can do that.” As for what finally convinced him to sign on, Hernandez continued: “I was a huge fan of the show. “And ultimately, the creatives involved, they pitched a show that I was like, ‘I can’t say no to this’.” DON'T MISS:Bridgerton corsets ‘banned’ after health and safety complaints [LATEST]House of the Dragon’s Ser Qarl ‘alive’ as season 2 return teased [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘freaking out’ as Lucy returns in new promo [VIDEO] “I don’t know what’s going to happen. At the end of the day it’s a pilot. You don’t know if the show’s going to go on for one, two, three, four, five - 10 seasons. You have no idea!” Season five kicked off with an intense double bill last Sunday on its new home on NBC. The two-parter opened up a chilling investigation involving the murder of Magnum’s old boss Captain Buck Greene (James Remar). Hernandez confirmed the mystery will span several episodes, and teased a “really fun” shake-up to the show’s usual Case of the Week format. “You get more time to build the story,” he told TV Line. “So it doesn’t have to be squeezed into [one episode]. It gets to be what it is, and there is some really great stuff that comes out of that storyline.” As the season goes on, Magnum will discover the men who tortured and killed Greene are now after himself and some of his closest friends on the island. Magnum PI season 5 continues Sundays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.