Prince Andrew's lawyers are reportedly planning to "demolish" Virginia Giuffre's story and, in the process, restore the Duke of York's reputation. The 62-year-old's lawyers will reportedly be making moves by disclosing legal documents in order to clear the royal's name. It has been reported that Andrew's legal team has sought to gain access to papers in the ongoing lawsuit between accuser Ms Giuffre and the US lawyer Alan Dershowitz. Ms Giuffre formerly accused Mr Dershowitz of abuse, although later admitting that she had made a mistake, as reported by The Sunday Times. The Duke of York, who is the second son of the late Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, paid an estimated £12 million settlement fee to Ms Giuffre after she made claims that he had had sex with her when she was 17. These are claims that Andrew has repeatedly denied, with the settlement only paid to get Ms Giuffre to drop the claim in the US. READ MORE:Princess Kate avoided 'wardrobe malfunction' at wedding 'with the help of Sophie Wessex' Andrew was quizzed over his friendships with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in an BBC Newsnight interview with Emily Maitlis in 2019. In the interview, Andrew, who is the least popular royal, insisted that the sexual encounter, which Ms Giuffree claimed happened in 2001, "didn't happen". He also questioned the validity of a photograph of the two of them, which was supposedly taken at Ghislaine's house. Due to the fallout from Andrew's BBC interview, the 62-year-old stepped back, with the late Queen's approval, from royal duties. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan forcing Palace to make 3 scenarios for Coronation A source has said that Mr Dershowitz has "made it clear that if the documents are unsealed, it will demolish the established narrative. They said: "People underestimate the Duke's resilience and patience." They added: "It has been more than three years since the interview, eight years since the accusation and 12 years since the publication of that photo. "What's a few more months, if the evidence is unsealed this year and the story turns on its head? "There is very much a feeling among those of us who resolutely support the Duke, that this is only a half-written story." DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new rebrand [REVEALED]Sussexes set to sign new big-money deals after recent success [LATEST]Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT] Like his nephew Prince Harry, some have speculated that Andrew could be set to write his own memoir. The memoir, which Andrew would "never have considered when his mother was alive", could be an aim to clear his name after having had to constantly deny Ms Giuffre's allegations. It has been reported that Andrew recently revealed to friends that a "mystery development" will restore his disgraced reputation, with the Duke evidently not giving up on a royal return.