Michelle Silva is a content creator who shares the "anti-aging tips I’ve learned in the beauty industry" with her almost 60K followers on her TikTok account @therealmichellesilva. She looks much younger than her age, 48. The content creator asked her fans: "What is the secret to looking 15 years younger than your age?" She told followers that there is a formula as to how to look younger, in her opinion. To look younger, she claims, you need to pay attention to a combination of factors. Michelle said: "I'm 48 but I feel like I look like I'm in my 30s, and that is not a flex, that's anti-ageing at its best. I'm convinced that there's a formula to the fountain of youth." The anti-ageing guru admitted that genetics do play a factor, but they aren't everything when it comes to looking 15 years younger, and neither is just skincare and treatments. She said: "I'm living proof. It's not genetics, but good genes help. It isn't simply skincare although you do need a skincare regimen to have beautiful skin. READ MORE: Age-defying woman's anti-ageing makeup hack makes you 'look 10 years younger' in seconds "And it's not just Botox. I love Botox. It does a great job of softening wrinkles and preventing new ones from forming. I actually have an appointment next week. Keep in mind that you can still look like a 40 or 50-year-old who's gotten Botox I'm talking about looking 15 years younger." So what is the secret to looking as youthful and fresh as Michelle? she told her followers: "It's a combination of preserving the skin, preventing extrinsic ageing, which is when premature ageing sets in long before it's supposed to. "It anti-aging, skin care and treatments and most importantly, you need a certain mindset. I created this platform to share what's been working for me. If it works for me, it can certainly work for you." Michelle has relied on a number of techniques to keep her skin looking so youthful. Most importantly, she advises staying out of the sun. The sun has a hugely ageing impact on the skin. Those who aim to look younger should wear sunscreen every day and stay out of the sun. DON'T MISSSimple skincare routine works 'miracles' for 71-year-old [BEAUTY] You can look '10 years younger' if you stop doing three things [TIPS] Woman, 72, who 'barely looks 40' uses 'quirky' hack [LOOK YOUNGER]  The ageing expert also swears by a number of products to boost collagen production in her skin. Her favourite, and the product she has worn religiously for over a decade is the C E Ferulic Vitamin C Antioxidant Serum for Visible Signs of Ageing. She said: "There are so many effective anti-ageing creams, but I have to say one of my all-time favourite products that I have been using religiously for over a decade is the Skinceuticals C E Ferulic. I will not live without this product!" Another product the anti-ageing expert can't live without is retinol. She called it the "gold standard" and credits it for her amazing complexion. Michelle said: "Out of all the billions of dollars and tech advances in skincare, nothing on the market is more effective in anti-ageing or preserving your skin than retinol. "You can ask any skincare professional. Retinol remains the gold standard in anti-ageing. It's been the anti-ageing ingredient that I've relied on to boost my collagen production." Retinol is made from vitamin A and it is powerful when it comes to resurfacing the skin. It neutralises free radicals, which damage the skin and reduce elasticity and collagen. 