Chelsea are reportedly yet to open contract extension negotiations with Mateo Kovacic, with his current deal expiring in 2024. The Blues are prioritising other stars, though those talks are not heading in the right direction. Graham Potter’s side are in the heart of a rebuild and the former Brighton boss is working to identify the players he would like to keep and those that he is willing to offload and replace. Several signings came through the door in January, and the spending spree will continue over the summer. Chelsea are keen to bolster their midfield ranks further at the end of the season, despite the signing of Enzo Fernandez from Benfica on deadline day. However, Potter is prioritising having options in the centre of the park and would like to retain the services of N’Golo Kante, Mason Mount and Kovacic. According to The Athletic, talks have not begun with the latter though, despite his contract expiring at the end of next season. The Croatia international has made 15 league appearances so far this campaign, starting seven matches, with minor injuries preventing him from typing down a spot in the starting eleven more regularly. Despite his lack of game time, renewing Kovacic’s contract is expected to rise up the list of priorities for the higher powers at Stamford Bridge, with the club keen to ensure that players only leave for a fee. They do not want to keep players who anticipate leaving as a free agent, favouring offloading them than retaining their services – hence the sale of Jorginho to Arsenal last month. Talks with Kante and Mount are ongoing, though the latter is reportedly ‘unhappy’ with the latest offer from his boyhood club. The Mail claim that the two parties are a long way apart from striking a deal, with Mount wanting a contract that reflects his importance at the club – having played 20 league matches so far this season. The 24-year-old would like to see his wages tripled, though Chelsea do not want the midfielder to become one of the highest-paid players at the club. Talks have therefore been put on pause, though will get underway again imminently once a new offer has been drafted by the club. Kante is out of contract at the end of this season and talks are underway for him to pen another deal at the club, with hopes that he will be able to return from his hamstring injury in the coming months.