One of the men accused of witnessing the alleged rape of Madison Brooks, 19, said he "hated it", according to the police arrest affidavit. Casen Carver, 18, said he and Everett Lee, 28, remained in the front seats of the vehicle while "sex acts were being performed" on the alleged victim on the rear seats. Both men are charged with principle to third-degree rape, meaning they were present but not participating in the alleged rape of Ms Brooks. Kaivon Washington, 18, and an unnamed 17-year-old stand accused of allegedly raping Ms Brooks in the backseat of a car after the four men picked up the intoxicated university student at a bar in the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Carver alleged that Washington asked Ms Brooks "numerous" times if she wanted to have sex and she "consented", according to an arrest affidavit. Carver said that while sex acts were "being performed", he felt "uncomfortable" and he "hated it", adding that he thought the Ms Brooks was "drunker" and her speech was slurred. READ MORE: Uni president accused of 'victim blaming' after death of student Madison Brooks, 19 During a police interview, Carver was asked if the Ms Brooks was too impaired to consent to the sexual intercourse, to which he replied: "I guess." According to police reports, Ms Brooks' blood-alcohol content was 0.319 percent, nearly four times the legal limit, on the night of her alleged rape and death. This detail has been a point of contention in the legal case, with attorneys representing the suspects arguing the sex was consensual. Joe Long, who represents another one of the suspects, told reporters "if Ms Brooks was alive, this would not be a crime". DON'T MISSBillionaire' Trump worth as little as $30million [REPORT]Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK [LATEST]Hunter Biden finally admits laptop is his [INSIGHT] Mr Long added: "She would not have complained about it at all. "The only reason it’s there is because the understandable anger in the community wants someone to pay for her death. And we understand that, but our clients did not do that." Kerry Miller, the Louisiana attorney representing Ms Brooks’ mother, Ashley Baustert, said he was "blown away" by the comments, adding that the suspects’ own statements to police contradict that claim. "It’s just a horrific, terrible situation. And to the extent that those involved with the alleged rapist want to blame the victim and show up at press conferences and say things … we're standing up for Maddie. That's not right." READ MORE: Video shows girl, 19, leaving bar with young men accused of raping her before her death He added: "She was a victim of a horrific rape, which led to her death." "Clearly a crime was committed. And I think that will be proven in court," the family lawyer said, referring to Long’s comment. The rival attorneys have consistently denied that Ms Brooks was too drunk to consent. “To come out to mention evidence that they have and don’t show it, to contradict a gold standard blood alcohol test and not say on what basis they are doing it, is a made-up smear campaign, absolutely shameful,” Mr Miller told WAFB in an interview Saturday. Evidence provided to the judge presiding over the case also contradicts the claims made by the suspect's attorneys. Nineteenth Judicial District Judge Brad Myers saw footage that showed Ms Brooks inside a local bar, named Reggie’s, earlier in the night as she struggled to stand up and could be seen falling. Judge Myers told the court "the evidence to me is clear" adding that it was obvious a crime had occurred before Ms Brooks died. Ms Brooks died from multiple injuries after she was struck by a ride-share driver on a dark roadway. Express.co.uk has contacted attorney Kerry Miller and Joe Long's legal office for comment.