Juventus are growing ‘tired’ with former Manchester United star Paul Pogba after a recurrence of his serious knee injury, reports in Italy claim. Pogba is yet to play for the Serie A giants after suffering the long-term problem during pre-season. The 29-year-old appeared set to make his comeback from injury in Juve’s Coppa Italia clash with Lazio on Thursday. However, head coach Max Allegri has now ruled him out of the quarter-final tie, revealing that the France star has suffered a ‘relapse’. Pogba was re-signed following his departure from United in the summer. But reports claim that Juve are already becoming frustrated with his prolonged return from injury. France international Pogba is ‘increasingly becoming a problem’. And Allegri is considering letting the 2018 World Cup winner depart. JUST IN: Police drop charges against Man Utd footballer Mason Greenwood That is according to Italian publication Gazzetta dello Sport, who point out that Pogba has not played a competitive game since April. That was Manchester United’s 4-0 defeat by Liverpool, which came a week after he was booed by supporters following his substitution against Norwich. "Apart from (Leonardo) Bonucci who is still out, the only one who won't be available due to a flexor soreness is Pogba," Allegri said ahead of Juve’s game with Lazio. “Unfortunately when you're out for a long time and you raise the intensity level, you get pain... Maybe in a few weeks he'll be in top condition. "He needs his body to readjust and it will take some time, you have to navigate by sight in these situations. From here to the end we have to use him in the best possible way.” Pogba allowed his contract with United to expire in the summer. His time at Old Trafford drew to a miserable ending, with sections of the club’s fanbase questioning the Red Devils academy graduate’s commitment. DON'T MISS...Man Utd title plans boosted by Varane as star retires from France dutyMan Utd had fourth January transfer deal on standby before twistTen Hag sees Jadon Sancho heading in one direction due to two reasons He then re-signed with Juve, from whom United had brought him back to the club for £89m in 2016. But his return to playing was delayed due to a serious knee injury he suffered just weeks before the Serie A campaign began. Devastatingly, Pogba was ruled out of the World Cup, unable to help France as they lost a thrilling final against Argentina. Agent Rafaela Pimenta said at the time: "Following yesterday and today's medical review in Torino and Pittsburgh, it is extremely painful to inform Paul Pogba will still need recovery time from his surgery," agent Rafaela Pimenta said. "For this reason, Paul will not be able to join Juventus squad before the World Cup break nor the French national team in Qatar. If wishful thinking would change things, Paul would be playing tomorrow." Pogba has still not featured since the Qatar tournament. He seems set to spend even longer on the sidelines as he recovers from an issue that has plagued his season.