Princess Anne looked as elegant as ever as she visited King's College on Thursday. A style expert spoke to Express.co.uk about the gold brooch that she was wearing.  On Thursday, Princess Anne visited the Cicely Saunders Institute at King's College London, which is part of the Florence Nightingale Faculty of Nursing, Midwifery and Palliative Care (NMPC). The Princess Royal met researchers, clinicians and patients at the CSI to understand how King’s research is improving people’s experience of life-limiting conditions, death and dying. Donning an eye-catching blue and red collarless jacket with gold buttons running down its centre, Anne accessorised with a gold brooch that caught royal expert eyes. Fine jewellery experts at UK retailer Steven Stone have taken a close look at the brooch, sharing everything royal fans need to know - including why it's familiar. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton stays slim with clever 'choices' and 'delicious' meal  Zack Stone told Express.co.uk: “This gold brooch has always been considered to be one of Princess Anne’s lesser-seen jewels. "It was given a rare outing during The Princess Royal's tour of New Zealand last week and in London yesterday." According to the expert, this brooch is supposed to symbolise a type of flower. Mr Stone continued: "In the shape of a wreath, the piece is made of 18k gold, carved into an ornate three-flower, three-leaf pattern. I’d estimate it to be worth £4,500.   "The piece oozes with symbolism. Whilst wreaths symbolise welcome and friendship, leaves are often symbols of hope amid hardship." Because Princess Anne has worn this jewel many times recently, this makes it extra "sentimental" according to the expert. Mr Stone added: "This makes the piece a particularly sentimental choice by The Princess Royal. "It was sentimental both when she visited New Zealand, as they were dealing with a major weather event, and when she met researchers, clinicians and patients at the CSI on Thursday. READ MORE: Zara and Mike decorate their Cotswolds home with 'earthy' colours  "Its appearances are few and far between and there is no evidence that the mysterious piece has been worn by another royal. "Therefore, it’s highly likely that Princess Anne bought it for herself, which would explain the modest price tag.” Back in 2016, Princess Anne wore the jewel during a visit to a Save the Children charity shop in Tring. She also wore it for two outings in September 2019.  For Thursday's visit, Anne donned a blue and red collarless coat with gold buttons down the centre. It also had gold buttons on the sleeve cuffs.  The print featured rows of tiny squares, laid out vertically, on top of one another. The jacket cinched in at the waist, accentuating Anne’s figure, and she wore it with a simple navy blue midi skirt. The 72-year-old Princess was likely wearing nude tights, and on her feet were plain black leather shoes. Anne accessorised with a silk scarf around her neck, which was burgundy and gold, matching her coat. She also wore a pair of black gloves and carried a black leather handbag, two staple accessories for The Princess Royal. 