Entrepreneur Sarbjot Johal is supposedly in the process of purchasing League One outfit Morecambe ahead of Tyson Fury, who recently claimed that he was considering a takeover bid of his own. At 20 years old, Johal would become the youngest owner in the Football League if the club - thought to be worth £20million - falls into his control. Morecambe chairman Graham Howse has already confirmed that Johal will be the new owner through his investment firm Sarb Capital, providing it passes the EFL's owners and directors test. The youngster has struck a deal with the current owners, Bond Investments, and already holds an equity stake. "Sarbjot Johal is eager to start the project to take the Club on to a new level, subject to satisfactorily navigating the EFL Owners and Directors' test," read part of Howse's statement. "I am, along with Sarbjot, keen that the process should now move on at pace to come to a positive conclusion." The proposed takeover comes just weeks after heavyweight boxing champion Fury, who lives in Morecambe, confirmed that he was weighing up whether to take on the new venture. The undefeated star has already pumped money into the Shrimps as his Gypsy King logo features on their match-day kit. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m Fury's net worth is reportedly a whopping £130m, while Johal's own personal fortune is unknown. The business tycoon was born in Kent and has enjoyed success in the soft drinks industry, founding Vitanic at the age of 17 and acquiring Lovely Drinks in 2022. Johal owns the holding companies of both brands, with Lovely Drinks available to buy in select UK retail outlets. Vitanic is supposedly on track for a £1billion valuation by 2025, although that estimate has been called into question. DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light The prospective new Morecambe owner has made his access to wealth clear via social media channels, flaunting designer clothes and a Rolls Royce among his big-money purchases. Publicly-available information also shows that he splashed more than £61,000 on a personalised number plate last year. Johal's personal investment company, Sarb Capital, claims to employ between 51 and 200 people online. It remains to be seen whether the young entrepreneur passes the EFL's tests, or if Fury is given a chance to wade back into the bidding process.  Speaking to talkSPORT in October last year, the Brit explained: "I’m thinking about buying Morecambe Football Club, they’re in League One at the moment. So I was thinking I invest X amount of millions in them. "I own all the training facilities anyway and the training gym. So, who knows? You might be looking at a football club owner." The Shrimps are currently 21st in League One and their battle to avoid relegation to the fourth tier will continue with a tricky trip to Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday.