On Monday’s instalment of Loose Women, the panelist was discussing whether or not certain people are natural-born organisers and leaders within a group. However, during the discussion, Ruth Langsford confessed she wouldn’t ask for help from her ITV co-star Coleen Nolan as she took a brutal swipe at her planning abilities. The topic surrounding leadership comes after Ruth informed viewers South Norfolk and Broadland council have had to step in to ensure there’s harmony among residents. As the country prepares for the celebration of King Charles’ coronation, they’ve offered advice for locals such as keeping planning meetings informal and trying to make sure one person doesn’t dominate. Explaining there was one councillor who stated there is always one person who likes to take charge, Ruth asked if that’s the natural order of things. As her co-star Janet Street-Porter admitted to taking charge in situations, she told the live audience it wasn’t anything to be embarrassed about. READ MORE:Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show   She said: “If you’re a natural-born organiser, you might as well organise it because 90 percent of the rest of the population will mess it up! “If you want it done properly, it’s my way or the wrong way.” Sharing her thoughts on the topic, Ruth commented that in a group each individual has different skill sets which will often see certain people come forward to lead. The Loose Women star said: “I wouldn’t say I’m a natural leader because I like to be in a team.   "But I’m a great organiser and I don’t like chaos.” The panel joked Ruth would be the person using her highlighter pens to tick off jobs on a to-do list, while Coleen would be sat colouring in. Ruth added: “I wouldn’t mind that you see because if I was organising the event I’d go, ‘don’t ask Coleen because she’ll just get on my nerves’. But then I don’t hold it against her-” Interrupting at the swipe, Coleen said: “Oh I’d hold it against you.” DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex fuels dating rumours after 'kiss' [VIDEO] BAFTA slammed over 'very poor excuse' for snubbing Bernard Cribbins [REACTION] Dancing on Ice sparks uproar with ‘insensitive’ fake news skit [DANCING ON ICE]    Ruth told her co-star even though she wouldn’t invite her to help organise an event, she know Coleen would still turn up and be fun. Janet chimed in: “You’d also say don’t invite Janet because she’s a bossy cow and I don’t want her pushing me out of the way!” Although the 62-year-old admitted she would get both Janet and her other panellist Kéllé Bryan to help as they’re both very organised people. Showcasing her orderly manner, Kelle revealed her CD collection is alphabetically organised as she enjoys putting things in colour ways.    During their conversation, Kelle joked she needed to hang out with Loose Women’s Stacey Solomon following her love of keeping things neat. Ruth added the Hollyoaks star often finds herself being the one who will take charge when it comes to the family events in her life. Kelle commented: “If my family is going something, I’ll be the one who organises the party. “I’ll be the one that books everything and makes sure everything runs on time, that will be me." Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm   