Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward were welcomed by Governor Martyn Roper, Premier Panton, their spouses, and members of the Cabinet on Tuesday in the Cayman Islands. In the evening, the Earl and Countess of Wessex attended an official reception held in their honour with guests from throughout the Cayman Islands community. For the reception, the Countess of Wessex wore a Zimmermann dress with her Chloé shoes and her Felt bracelet. Sophie opted for the Zimmermann Vitali Belted Dress, which retails at a whopping £735. The definition for this dress said: "Zimmermann's 'Vitali' dress is part of the label's Resort '23 collection that's made with glamorous, tropical vacations in mind. "Made from lightweight linen, it's patterned with lush roses and has a chic mandarin collar, blouson sleeves and floaty maxi skirt. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school  "Use the rope belt to temper the breezy shape." The dress is a new purchase for the Countess, as she has never been photographed wearing the item before. Royal fans were impressed by Sophie's reception dress in the Cayman Islands. Instagram user @es.ndlpt said: "This is so her! I love that she has such a unique style. I couldn’t quite pull off this look (especially the shoes) but so glad she can. Looks great and is work-appropriate for such an event and tour."   Similarly, @marinolascom added: "Amazing dress." Sophie opted for a pair of shoes already from her wardrobe which she has owned since 2015. The Countess's "Chloé Eliza Sandals" are sadly no longer in stock, but Sophie has certainly got good wear out of them.  The description says: "These leather sandals are a high-end fashion item that you need to own now. They have open toes, slingbacks, and high wedges." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey'  However, many fans were not impressed with the shoes, with @dianaspencercollector72 saying: "No not those tacky shoes again. Dress is lovely." In addition, @our.royal.tea wrote: "That dress! Love Zimmermann. As others have noted I’d prefer this with an espadrille wedge, but overall this is lovely." @midastouch95 said: "Shoes are hideous. "Dress is nice." @luxmeagainpreloved added: "This dress is well suited for the occasion. I think one of her espadrilles would have worked well with this dress but maybe she wanted a more formal shoe." @birdnerd327 commented: "What a lovely dress ruined by bleh shoes." @mog1717 wrote: "From this angle this is a no for me… it’s very a Princess Margaret in her kaftan period."  To accessorise, Sophie opted for her "Felt Gold Chain Bracelet with Sliced Diamond". The Countess has owned this £375 chain bracelet since 2020. The description says: "Another great addition to our diamond slice collection, designed in-house by our team. "Slightly more subtle than the original diamond bracelet, this bracelet has been a massive hit amongst our loyal clients, perfect for layering or beautiful on its own. "The sliced diamond is set in 14-carat diamond with a nine-carat gold chain, which is 20.5cm long but the length is adjustable and can be shortened."