The majority of Brits do not think Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will overshadow the King's coronation if they attend, new polling suggests. There have been suggestions the US-based Duke and Duchess of Sussex will steal the limelight at the once-in-a-lifetime event at Westminster Abbey on May 6. But an exclusive poll by Techne for the Express found some 56 percent of respondents say Harry and Meghan will not overshadow the coronation if they show up. In the survey of 1,624 British adults, carried out from February 8 to 9, around a third - 32 percent - said the Sussexes will steal the spotlight. Twelve percent did not know. Older people were slightly more likely than their younger counterparts to fear Harry and Meghan will overshadow Charles. Some 35 percent of over-64s said yes, compared to 29 percent of 18 to 34-year-olds. Women were also marginally more likely than men to say yes, at 34 percent and 30 percent respectively. But Brexiteers and Remainers were in agreement, with 32 percent of Leavers and Remain-backers saying the Sussexes would take the spotlight. And there was only a one-point difference between Conservative and Labour voters, with 33 percent and 32 percent respectively saying they would overshadow the historic occasion. Speculation is rife over whether Harry and Meghan, who live across the pond after quitting royal duties in 2020, will attend Charles's coronation following their string of attacks on the Royal Family. The Sussexes have faced tensions with the royals in the wake of Megxit. And Harry plunged the monarchy into a fresh crisis last month with the release of his tell-all memoir Spare. One royal expert has claimed the California-based couple will "take the shine off" the coronation even if they stay away. Former royal correspondent Charles Rae told GB News: "I firmly believe that they will be invited. Now, whether or not they come is the big $64,000 question. "But whatever happens, whether they come or they don't come, they're still going to be the main celebrity and it's going to take the shine off the Coronation, there's no question about that. “They are becoming, you know, a social talking point for everybody in the country, and it's like a scab that you've got and when you start to pick at it, it gets worse and worse and worse. "So, whatever happens, whether they come, or they stay away, they will still be at the forefront of that coronation, which I think is a great, great pity.” But royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams has insisted the Sussexes will not overshadow Charles's big day. He said: "The coronation will be magnificent and they won’t overshadow it whatever they do. But they might feature significantly in the run-up to it." It comes after last week's Techne poll for the Express found Brits are divided on whether Harry and Charles should end the royal rift in time for the coronation. 