Vanessa Feltz has been seen for the first time since her split from her partner of 16 years in a candid clip. The 60-year-old broke her Instagram silence to say she is "incredibly sad" over what has happened. Last night it was reported she and Ben Ofoedu had gone their separate ways amid suspicions of him cheating on her. The TalkTV host admitted she was “shocked” and “heartbroken” after hearing of the Phats and Small singer’s suspected infidelity. This morning Vanessa did not address the cheating claims directly, but confirmed she no longer trusted him. She said she was "disappointed" at what has happened, following their almost two decade-long romance. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman highlights pert rear in skin-tight cut-out dress In view of her 239,000 followers, Vanessa looked emotional as she sat on a pink sofa for the video. She started: "I haven't been on Instagram for three weeks, and that's because my relationship with Ben is over after 16 years. "I honestly didn't know what to say to you." Vanessa continued: "But now it's clear that it's over and I really do feel once the trust in the relationship is gone, you can't really get it back. "That's what I'd tell everyone else to do." The star then stated: "I feel incredibly sad and I'm pretty disappointed and shocked, and all those horrible things. "Also full of resolve! I'm not going to let this defeat me." Keeping her tough post as positive as she could, Vanessa referenced her upcoming birthday. DON'T MISSLucy Alexander addresses 'being out of a job' after BBC show exitAutumnwatch's Michaela Strachan breaks silence on show axeDenise Welch hits back as she gets 'flack’ over unedited swimsuit pics She said: "I'm so glad to be living longer than my mum - she died at 57. And if the Lord spares me, I'm going to be 61 next month. "I'm very very grateful to be alive and I want to carry on feeling that way. "I want to celebrate, find fun and laughter anywhere I can." Vanessa signed off: "I know it's not going to be easy but I'm absolutely determined to do it." She thanked her fans for all their wishes, saying she really appreciated them. It comes hours after Vanessa confirmed she had left Ben to The Sun on Sunday. "I have to take my own advice on this occasion," she said. "Who knew I’d be single at 60? However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come." Express.co.uk has contacted Ben’s representatives for comment.