Three top Ukrainian athletes have torn into International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach over his plans to allow Russia and Belarus to participate in the Paris 2024 Olympics. Bach, 69, and his organisation has faced a backlash since revealing provisional plans in January for competitors from both countries to return to international competition despite the ongoing war.  Least of all athletes from Ukraine, with karate star Stanislav Horuna, who won Olympic bronze in Tokyo two years ago - forcefully speaking out. He had to send his partner and two-year-old son to live in Hungary when the conflict started, with Horuna taking arms himself. Speaking to inews, he referenced his sport not being a part of Paris 2024 as he emotionally ranted: “If there was an opportunity to go and fight with Russian athletes, yes, I would face them and I would not play with them by the rules, as they don’t respect the rules. So I will just smash their faces, break their bones, or injure them in some other ways. I will just do to them what their country did to my country.” Ukrainian politician Olha Saladukha, who took bronze in the triple jump in the 2020 London Olympics, has also made her feelings known: "Since the beginning of the war, over 3,000 Ukrainian athletes went to the warfront to defend the country. More than 200 athletes have already died," she said. JUST IN: Dickie Davies dead: Legendary sport presenter dies as tributes pour in “There’s no situation in which Russian or Belarusian athletes can compete in the Olympics under the neutral flag. Because there is no neutrality in torture, in murder, in rape that is happening in Ukraine at the moment on a daily basis.” Saladukha also revealed she has been conducting talks with 25 other countries over opposing Bach's plans. The 39-year-old, who works in Volodymyr Zelensky’s Servant of the People party, also claimed numerous athletes had signed a letter of opposition, including Belarusian ones. DON'T MISS:Tiger Woods savaged for 'learning nothing' in brutal swipe over tampon incidentNovak Djokovic calls sudden press conference as Indian Wells update expectedLewis Hamilton's contract situation made clearer after Mercedes statements at car launch Ukraine's Greco-Roman wrestler Zhan Beleniuk, who has a silver from Rio and a gold in Tokyo to his name, has also weighed in, admitting he'll find it tough to line up alongside Russian and Belarusian rivals in Paris: "I can’t shake hands with athletes from these countries when the army of Russia, and the Belarusian leader is giving them opportunity to do this, is killing Ukrainian people, civilians, taking our territory and doing so many cruel things," he said.