The RSPCA is urging people not to abandon their pets and ask for help if they are struggling after a dog was dumped outside one of the charity's rescue centres. Cassie, a boxer cross who is thought to be around eight years old, was found tied up at the gates of the Slutchers Lane centre in Warrington, Cheshire, on January 16. CCTV caught a man tying her outside the centre - run by the RSPCA’s Warrington, Halton and St Helens branch - before walking off and leaving her. The centre, which cares for dogs and cats, is currently full but staff immediately took her in. Katie Buckley, animal care manager at the centre, said: “Cassie is a lovely, friendly-natured dog, who would have been left anxious and confused by what was happening to her. "It’s clear she’s been well looked after in the past which makes it even harder to understand why she was given up like this. “She adores human affection, and while she can be a little bit nervous of new people to start with, if you give her treats and cuddles, she’ll be your best friend. "We’re thankful she was unharmed - and didn’t get on to any nearby roads for example - but leaving animals like this compromises their safety and puts them in danger.” The RSPCA is urging people to seek help if they are struggling to keep their pets amid the cost of living crisis. New figures show the charity has dealt with 1,529 incidents of animals being abandoned in the first month of the year, up 10 percent from the same period in 2022. RSPCA inspector Caren Goodman James said: “It’s extremely sad to see pets like Cassie being left in circumstances like this and we’d urge anyone who is struggling to look after their animals - at what is a very difficult economic time for many people - to seek advice and support. “With the increase in pet ownership and the cost of living crisis putting a strain on people’s finances, we’re seeing more animals coming into our care at a time when rehoming has slowed. “A misunderstanding about the true cost of pet ownership is one of the main reasons why we believe that animals end up being abandoned and we’d urge people to do their research and to consider rescuing instead of buying.” Cassie has had a veterinary check and is now ready to find a loving forever home. Her ideal family would be one where someone is around for much of the day. She could live with another dog or older children, but is looking for a quieter home. Anyone with information about Cassie can contact the RSPCA’s inspectorate appeal line on 0300 123 8018. Find out more about adopting her here. Anyone who needs support with their pet can call the charity's new helpline on 0300 123 0650 or visit the cost of living hub.