Dr Michael Mosley is a weight loss guru who promises fast results through various programmes including the 5:2 diet, Fast 800 and Fast 800 Keto. On his official website he dispelled a popular myth about losing weight. Many believe that losing a lot of weight all at once is unsustainable, and that the dieter is destined to put it back on again - and then some - after a while. However, weight loss expert Michael Mosley believes quite the opposite, that it's possible to slim down very fast and maintain positive results. He explained that this is because many are put off by their lack of progress during slow and steady diets. Dr Michael pointed to a review article entitled “Myths, Presumptions and Facts about Obesity” in The New England Journal of Medicine. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures In the article experts found that rapid weight loss does not have to equal rapid weight gain - and often the opposite. Dr Michael stated: "After looking at numerous studies which have compared rapid with slow and steady weight loss, they concluded that you would do better to lose it quickly rather than slowly." The expert also pointed to an Australian study where 200 obese volunteers were put on diet plans. Half were asked to follow a low calorie diet (less than 800 calories a day) for 12 weeks. The other half were asked to cut their calories by 500 a day for 36 weeks. The second diet was a calorie deficit enough to lose around a pound a week. Although the second, slower-paced diet was less drastic and required less sacrifice from slimmers, many of them got fed up with the length of their dieting and their lack of noticeable progress. In fact, Dr Michael noted a "very high drop-out rate" in those on the steady, 36-week diet. Less than half of the participants made it to the end of the programme, while more than 80 percent of those following the rapid weight loss diet were able to see it through. READ MORE: Weight loss: Natalie Cassidy shed three stone by making one change What's more, both groups of dieters were followed for three years and while both groups put weight on, the amounts were similar. Katrina Purcell, a dietician who led the study, stated: “Our results show that achieving a weight loss target is more likely, and drop-out is lower, if losing weight is done quickly." However Dr Michael added an important caveat - rapid weight loss is not suitable for everyone and it's imperative dieters maintain the right balance of nutrients if they do decide to try it. Dr Michael's very own rapid weight loss diet is called The Very Fast 800, where slimmers eat just 800 calories per day for eight weeks. This aims to "kickstart significant weight loss and reset their metabolism". Dr Michael explained that "the key to feeling satiated, while restricting calories, is to consume a moderately low-carb Mediterranean-style diet, rich in protein, fibre and healthy fats". "If this approach is right for you, we recommend that you stay on this stage for a minimum of two weeks, though you can follow the plan for up to 12 weeks depending on your goals and how much weight you have to lose." The results are huge, with the expert claiming that a typical weight loss following the programme is more than 10kg sustained over 12 months. Following the Mediterranean diet, it's recommended that slimmers stock up on vegetables, low-calorie fruits such as apples and pears, nuts, seeds, legumes, whole grains, fish and seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy and healthy fats, staying away from processed foods.