Its failings are documented daily to such an extent that they can be taken as read. Many countries offer healthcare systems that deliver better outcomes, and the UK can learn from some of the techniques they use to achieve that. No system used in one country can be adopted unchanged in another because there are differences in culture, in history, in expectations, and in population make-up. But other countries can provide useful insights into what works and what does not. The basic principle underlying the NHS is its most valuable. It is that patients shall be treated at no cost to themselves no matter how poor they are or how sick they are. To be avoided at all costs is the US healthcare system with its vast costs to individuals in terms of treatments or insurance costs. The first requirement of a restructured and improved NHS is that there must be universal state insurance. UK citizens should be given an NHS card, like a credit card, that guarantees them free treatment. Their NHS card must give whoever treats them full access to their health records, previous treatments, together with any previous or current conditions. It must cover the cost of their treatment, funded by the state. In the event of any delay in access to treatment, the card should be valid for private sector treatment, with a cap on costs similar to those widely used in automotive and housing insurance. Such caps should be subject to periodic review. With the funding of healthcare covered by public insurance, the delivery of healthcare should be provided by a mix of public and private facilities paid on the basis of the treatments they deliver. GPs should be paid according to the number of patients they see, with in-person consultations paying more than video or telephone meetings. Doctors would be paid for seeing and treating patients, instead of being paid for having them on their books. Similarly, hospitals and consultants should receive their funding according to the treatments they provide. GPs, consultants and hospitals would be given their independence, rather than being managed by a centralized bureaucracy. They would compete to provide treatments, to attract patients, and might be encouraged to specialize in doing what they do best. There should be tax deductions for those who use supplementary private insurance to save the state. This happens in Australia, where most people supplement their state Medicare with additional private cover, and receive tax rebates that make the extra cover 25 percent cheaper than it would be without them. The private insurers there cannot discriminate or charge on the basis of the current health status of the applicant, so risk is pooled. The NHS would be improved beyond measure by these changes. As it stands presently, it is literally too big to manage. The centralized system makes for a heavy overhang of levels of management. Too many of its employees are non-medical, dedicated to form-filling rather than to patient care. The changes proposed herein would take decision making down to the local level. The NHS would concentrate on funding healthcare free at the point of delivery, but the actual production of healthcare, as opposed to its finance, would be provided by a mix of producers, some public, some private. The state would not own and manage hospitals; they would do that themselves. These changes need not be brought about overnight in some sweeping D-Day all-at-once reform. Indeed, it would be better if they were done gradually, one at a time. Cumulatively they would save the NHS by having it deliver what was intended - an efficient healthcare system that delivers the best care speedily and with the best outcomes. The key change is decentralization, with decisions not being made by box-ticking managers, but locally by GPs, consultants, hospitals, and above all, patients.