Stunned rail commuters hit out at the sky high prices for roses on Valentine's Day with some going for up to £400 a bouquet. Taking to Reddit, user u/mgmt585 shared a photo of an unidentified gift shop within the station selling gifts. There were a collection of white and red rose bouquets, each with their own prize tag sticking out of the bunch. The two smaller red rose bunches were priced at £200, whereas a slightly larger red rose bouquet was being sold for £385. The original poster simply entitled the post: “£385 for roses in Liv St Station.” The post managed to rack up 138 comments and a 98 per cent upvoting rating, reports MyLondon. Other Redditers couldn’t believe the price, but agreed Valentine’s Day itself is the reason for the cost of flowers and bouquets increasing. One person wrote: “Roses at Valentine’s Day drastically increase in price. You can usually purchase decent ones for roughly £1/£1.20 per stem on a regular day. Now add in the demand. “These are Grand Prix roses, likely from Colombia too, rather than the tiny headed ones from supermarkets. You have to charge the crazy prices to make any kind of profit.” Another said: “I showed my Mrs and she said ‘if you buy those I will leave you on principle’.”  A third commented: “Wow - it's even Valentine's Day yet for the desperate last-minute shoppers. There are plenty of places near there that charge a fifth of the cost at most for that. Maybe the stall holder is also a drug dealer selling in the open in a way that also cleans his money!” However, there were a few who defended the seller for being honest and upfront about the price. One Redditer said: “At least the price is up front and clearly displayed. Increasing number of places are hiding prices or making pricing needlessly complicated.” Another agreed: “It’s an offer of high end flowers in peak demand season. It’s not extortion - they’re not trying to force you to buy then. Are they overpriced for what they are at this time of year? No idea, it’s several multiples of what I’d consider spending on flowers for someone. But it’s not extortion!”