Vanessa Feltz, 61, appeared to well up with tears while discussing how she’s doing after parting ways with her partner, Ben, 50. It comes after the This Morning favourite said she was left with no choice but to call off her engagement to the Phats & Small singer, after he confessed to cheating on her. Over the weekend, Ben was pictured looking cosy with OnlyFans star Elle Brooke before the duo headed into a pub together. Speaking out for the first time since the photos emerged, Vanessa was asked about her wellbeing by a friend. The star appeared in an Instagram video while enjoying a dinner with her pal at the Brasserie Of Light restaurant within London's Selfridges. A voice could be heard quizzing the presenter: “Vanessa, you’re looking great but how do you really feel?” READ MORE... EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours The agony aunt became visibly emotional as she replied: “Well, no one said it was going to be easy and I must say it isn’t easy actually, especially in the middle of the night when I can’t sleep and all of that.  “But I’m keeping on, keeping on and I’ve got lots and lots of friends and family around me and I’m really loving that.  “Everyday I suppose I hope it’s going to get a little bit easier but thank you for asking.”  Vanessa sipped on a drink while opening up about her tough time, captioning the post: “How am I getting on? “No one said it would be easy. @brasserieoflight #friends #truth #honest #tough #healing #bestfootforward.” It wasn’t long before Vanessa was inundated with support from her celeb friends. Lizzie Cindy said: “Keep strong my lovely,” alongside a love heart emoji. Lisa Snowdon added: “Sending you the biggest hug darling V.” DON'T MISS:Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at houseBangers and Cash star 'leaves wife for much younger colleague'Zoe Ball says 'I'll be lucky if I last next 2 years’ amid BBC shake-up Trisha Goddard replied: “Step by step…”  Vanessa’s candid remark comes just hours after her ex, Ben, was spotted sharing a cosy exchange with blonde beauty Elle Brooke, who rose to fame through her OnlyFans platform.  Elle, who has embarked on a new career path of celebrity crossover boxing, seemed to be waiting for Ben outside the pub.  They were also snapped sharing a tender hug. The pair then walked into the venue together to watch the Tommy Fury v Jake Paul fight. Express.co.uk has contacted Ben and Elle's reps for comment.  Vanessa informed fans she had split from her partner of 17 years two weeks ago, claiming he’d been unfaithful.  Ben later confirmed Vanessa’s claims, telling The Mirror: “Firstly I'd like to apologise to Vanessa and also to my family. This last week has been incredibly painful. I've never had this amount of abuse.  “I will always love Vanessa she is the Queen of my heart she was my everything. But I have been incredibly foolish and stupid. I just have to hold my hands up and be honest. I have every regret - where do you want me to start!  “It has been a lot. It is about my behaviour, I have to look at myself. I have been doing a lot of soul searching over the past three weeks. I'm not here to point fingers I am here to say it's me and I need to work on myself.”