Much of the UK has been dealing with freezing temperatures this winter, with the morning commute being made harder by the need to clear frosty windscreens. One man has taken this much further by getting his own back after his neighbour stole the parking spot he had cleared. Taking to Reddit, the man set the scene, saying it was a cold winter day, with eight inches of snow falling from the night before. He explained how he drivers an all-wheel SUV, but his wife drives a Toyota Prius, which “slides with the smallest amount of moisture on the road”. Because of the snow, he said he had spent 45 minutes in the freezing cold shovelling the Prius out as his SUV was being repaired. The couple left to go shopping and when they returned an hour later, their neighbour had taken the spot he had recently cleared. READ MORE: 'Entitled woman parked on my drive - I blocked her in and got drunk' He said: “Our apartment complex doesn’t have assigned parking, but in the winter, it’s understood that if you shovel a spot, it’s yours. “So when I saw his car in the spot I had just shovelled, I was pretty p****d.” The seething driver described how he went into his apartment to fill up two, gallon jugs of water and poured them on his windshield. He repeated this again and again until he said he had poured 10 gallons of water on his neighbour’s car. DON'T MISSUK motorists face 'incredibly high' costs when driving in Europe [WARNING]Drivers warned of fines and points for using a dashcam incorrectly [INSIGHT]Hybrid cars pollute more than advertised in cities and on commutes [SHOCKING] Being how cold it was, the water was already freezing by the time he poured the last gallon on, leaving it to settle overnight. The next morning, the vindicated driver watched his neighbour “helplessly” try to scrape the layers of ice off his windshield. He concluded his post by saying: “Don’t take my goddamn parking spot.” The post was met with more than 3,700 comments, with a range of opinions, with some supporting his efforts, while some compared his actions to vandalism. READ MORE: Morrisons launches new offer to slash petrol and diesel prices One driver said where they lived, they utilised a “parking chair” system, where is someone shovels snow from a parking space, they place a folding chair in the spot. If someone is looking for a space to park, they “do not violate the sanctity of the parking chair”. Another motorist suggested pouring water over the fuel cap and door handles to maximise the neighbour’s anger. A third commenter said: “You're supposed to pile the snow back on and then pour the water. Then they need a hammer and a chisel to get their car out.” The original driver clarified a few things in the comments, saying: “You guys need to chill. “I’m not looking for judgement because I already know I’m an a*****e. I’d say I was being pretty damn petty.” Some in the comments were less forgiving of his actions, saying he was committing a crime, no matter how petty it was. He addressed the accusations, saying: “Sorry, I find it so funny people telling me I committed vandalism. “No damage was done except for wasting like five to 10 minutes of his time. Ever hear of freezing rain? It does the same thing I did to his car. “Never does any damage. The cops haven’t come to arrest me yet. I think I’m good.”