Death in Paradise fans were thrilled to learn there would be a spin-off in the making last year which would see actor Kris Marshall reprise his role as the comedy-drama's DI Humphrey Goodman. He left Saint Marie in the second half of season six to reunite with his true love Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton). The upcoming series will see what happened next to the couple once they got back together and started their lives in the UK. The wait for Beyond Paradise is almost over as a release date has finally been announced. Filming began on the new series in August 2022, with the cast and crew seen in various locations in Cornwall and the south-west of England. Beyond Paradise will now make its debut on Friday, February 24, at 8pm on BBC One. Death in Paradise season 12 finishes this week, so the spin-off will fill in the void as the drama goes off air for another year, assuming it is going to return for series 13. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Leading the cast of Beyond Paradise is actor Kris Marshall, reprising his role as DI Humphrey Goodman, who starred in Death in Paradise for three seasons. Marshall has also been in My Family, Love Actually, The Merchant of Venice, Citizen Khan and A Few Best Men. He is joined by Not Going Out star Sally Bretton as his fiancée Martha Lloyd who he left Saint Marie for. They will be joined by actress Zahra Ahmadi as DS Esther Williams, who is probably best remembered for playing the original Shabnam Masood in EastEnders. Derry Girls and Big Boys star Dylan Llewellyn will also be in the series as PC Kelby Hart. Talking about what it was like reprising the role of DI Humphrey Goodman after six years, Marshall said: "Really easy, actually. It's like slipping on an old pair of slippers. "He’s a comfortable, lovely old friend - it’s just delightful to play him again. "Beyond Paradise has the same sort of structure as Death in Paradise, but we're also a completely new show. "There’s some of the favourite characters from Death in Paradise, but with a whole new spin on it. It's still paradise, it's just a different kind of paradise." DON'T MISS...Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' [REACTION]Kris Marshall didn't miss Humphrey Goodman ahead of Beyond Paradise  [CAST]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity  [THEORY] Yes, a trailer for Beyond Paradise came out last week on Friday, February 10, ahead of its release date in 10 days' time. "You're the new fella at Shipton Station that everyone's talking about", a fisherman tells DI Humphrey Goodman in the beginning. When asked what they're saying, the fisherman, played by Phil Daniels, replies: "A bit odd." Humphrey explains they moved to the area as his fiancée Martha was born there. She is seen lovingly asking her soon-to-be husband: "Please try not to create any more havoc." Beyond Paradise season one is going to consist of six episodes in total. A new instalment will air every Friday night in the same time slot, so the finale is expected to air on Friday, March 31. The synopsis for episode one reads: "A new adventure awaits as DI Humphrey Goodman and Martha leave London for Devon. "Humphrey dives into his first case, which involves an unusual prime suspect: a 17th-century witch." Beyond Paradise premieres on Friday, February 24, at 8pm on BBC One.