In the Netflix series that follows the journey of Melinda "Mel" Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge), a midwife and nurse practitioner who relocated to the remote Northern California town of Virgin River soon realises small-town living isn't quite as simple as she expected. Ahead of Virgin River season five Kai Bradbury, who plays Denny, deems it the “best season ever”. Kai Bradbury recently appeared on the Chatting with B podcast, where he discussed all things Virgin River. Host Billinda asked the actor to describe the upcoming season in three words to which he replied: “Best season ever!” He ensured he did not give too much away when asked what fans can expect to see, saying: “It's definitely heartwarming, it’s definitely gripping and it's definitely unexpected." The star continued: “New things happening in Virgin River.” READ MORE: Virgin River’s Charmaine star shares ’hardest’ part of role Bradbury’s character Denny debuted in Virgin River at the end of season three and it is soon revealed he has a degenerative condition called Huntington's Disease. Denny claims to be the long-lost grandson of Doc Mullins (Tim Matheson), and at first, he’s welcomed with open arms by the doctor and his wife, Hope (Annette O’Toole). But as the plot thickens, Denny finds himself in many difficult circumstances, as he was caught stealing medicine from Doc’s clinic, photographing his medical files, and he was also seen transferring large sums of money around. While it was sweet Denny fell into a romance with Lizzie (Sarah Dugdale), his wildly inconsistent behaviour soon ended up with his new friends and family becoming suspicious. First debuting on Netflix back in December 2019, Virgin River has quietly been one of Netflix’s sleeper hits, with fans around the world enjoying the romantic drama. Netflix has confirmed there will be a fifth season and following its predecessors, it’s likely to expect a July release date. It's been revealed there had been delays in filming season five, which was initially supposed to hit production back-to-back with season four, but this didn’t come to fruition. That shoot was pushed to July 2022 and at the time of writing in November 2022, had just wrapped up according to star Alexandra Breckenridge on Instagram. The reason for the delay was never revealed but in a video post, Breckenridge said: “Vancouver isn't that fun to film in the winter” suggesting filming had been pushed back. While Netflix hasn’t dropped any official details about what the Virgin River season five plot will entail, we can assume a big part of the storyline will be based on Mel and Jack’s wedding. An Instagram post by the official Virgin River account posted at the start of October 2022 showed Mel and Jack (Martin Henderson) in smart dress. Fans commented under the post speculating the snap could be from a suspected engagement party, celebrating Mel and Jack. Fans can expect to see Breckenridge return to play midwife Mel in season five after she confirmed she was filming for the show via posts on social media. Breckenridge will most likely perform alongside co-star Henderson who plays Jack, Mel’s future husband. It remains to be revealed what other characters are set to return for Virgin River season five, but most of the main cast should be making a comeback. There is currently no confirmed release date for Virgin River season five, but it is estimated it will drop in the summer of 2023. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are now streaming on Netflix.