With the countdown to the new financial year now on, ISA season is in full swing. However, the tax-free allowance does not roll over into the next tax year, so it’s a case of “use it or lose it”, experts from CapitalRise have warned. Against the backdrop of soaring living costs and economic uncertainty, making the most of ISA benefits and getting the best return is now more important than ever. Individual Savings Accounts (ISAs) offer savers a particularly lucrative route to invest their cash, as these accounts currently allow up to £20,000 to be deposited per year, without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). However, the deadline to use up 2022/23’s ISA allowance hits on April 5, making now a good time for people to get clued up on the ways they may be able to take advantage of the offer. Uma Rajah, CEO and co-founder of CapitalRise, said: “The time is now for everybody to get their investments in order, as we are just a few short weeks away from the start of the new tax year. Make sure you are making the most out of your current £20,000 annual tax-free allowance by looking into all the ISA options available to ensure you are still saving or investing at a competitive rate. “It is important that the public is aware of the true benefits of ISAs, as well as how they work. This is essential at this time of rising costs and high inflation, to ensure your money is working as hard for you as it can be.” READ MORE: Expert shares three 'significant tax benefits' of being married  Get to know the four ISA types, particularly the Innovative Finance ISA There are four different types of ISAs – Cash ISAs, Stocks and Shares ISAs, Lifetime ISAs, and Innovative Finance ISAs (IFISAs). According to interactive investor, Cash ISAs and Stocks and Shares ISAs are the two most common types of ISA that people invest in. Cash ISAs only accumulate interest on cash savings and are particularly suitable for the short-term, while with Stocks and Shares ISAs, money is invested and fluctuates depending on how well a person’s chosen investments perform and typically work better for long-term saving. Lifetime ISAs are intended for those hoping to save for their first home or retirement, and the Government adds a 25 percent bonus of what’s been paid into it every year, up to a maximum of £1,000 a year. DON'T MISS: Expert warns Britons of 'great IHT threat' that is 'least expected' [INSIGHT]Bed and ISA applications double as capital gains tax changes loom [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]  However, experts at CapitalRise noted: “One type worth considering is the IFISA. Introduced in 2016, the IFISA is a tax wrapper for money invested in certain alternative investments. “With the CapitalRise IFISA, funds may be invested in a loan to a developer, for example, who is looking to fund new prime property projects in areas such as Mayfair or Chelsea.” However, CapitalRise experts continued: “It is important that you research each of these, so you understand which type best suits your personal needs.” Maximise your personal tax allowance ISAs provide a personal tax-free allowance of up to £20,000 per tax year, which can be split between different ISA types or put all into one. READ MORE: Money expert's most common mistakes she sees people make with finances  CapitalRise experts said: “You do not need to pay income tax, tax on dividends, or capital gains tax on funds in an ISA, potentially saving you a lot of money. If you can afford to do so, you should aim to max out your tax-free ISA allowance each year, because whatever is not used is lost.” Different types of ISAs can be opened at once - but remember the rules CapitalRise experts said it’s flexible and easy to open different types of ISAs, just so long as people remember the rules and restrictions. They explained: “There are some guidelines that must be considered when managing investments. One is that you are restricted in the number of new ISAs you are permitted to open each tax year. “Currently, you can open one of each ISA type per year; the £20,000 personal tax allowance can be divided between ISAs or all put into one product. For example, you can open a new IFISA, Cash ISA, Stocks and Shares ISA, and a Lifetime ISA in a given year, but you are not able to open more than one of each type.” Stay organised with accounts Keeping track of ISAs can be difficult – in fact, it is not uncommon for people to forget about an ISA they might have opened years ago. CapitalRise experts said: “Now is the perfect time to dig through your records, locate where your money is, and assess whether it can be put to better use elsewhere.”  ISA funds can be moved without it affecting the current tax year allowance For those who already have an ISA, an ISA transfer is a process that lets people move money they have built up over previous tax years to a new provider while retaining its tax-free benefits. This can be particularly beneficial to those who find a better deal or rate of return with another bank or building society. If carried out properly, CapitalRise experts said: “Moving existing funds around does not impact the present tax year’s allowance, either.” However, they noted: “A common mistake to make is to not actively manage your ISA – instead, you should regularly monitor whether making a transfer would be worthwhile.” To make an ISA transfer, savers must go directly to their newly chosen provider to initiate it.  Brian Byrnes, head of personal finance at Moneybox, previously told Express.co.uk: “[ISA transfers] are mostly done online now but some more traditional providers may have paper forms for you to fill in. Once you have requested the transfer with the new provider, there is not much else for you to do. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Your new provider will do the transfer work and should update you with time frames and any issues along the way. You do not generally have to tell your existing provider that you are leaving.” By carrying out the balance transfer this way, people can still retain their tax-free allowance, Mr Byrnes explained. He said: “This is why it is important to request a formal ISA transfer with your new provider, rather than withdrawing the funds to your bank account and manually transferring them. This would cause you to lose the tax-free nature of the funds. “ISA transfers do not count as new contributions so you would still have your full ISA allowance available to you, despite having transferred an existing ISA to a new provider.” However, Mr Jones noted that it’s important for people to check the terms of their original and new providers to be prepared for possible charges. He said: “Before starting the process, check that the provider you’re heading to will accept new transfers. Also, see whether your existing provider charges any exit fees, as you’ll want to make sure that any benefits aren’t outweighed by unexpected charges.” 