Dr. Mamina Turegano is a “triple board-certified” dermatologist who has almost one million followers on TikTok. She often shares videos of the “sometimes strange” advice her Japanese mother has taught her on how to stay young. The 72-year-old mother Michiko and her advice have gone viral on social media, with commenters often asking her to write a book to share all her useful skincare tips. However, Michiko has one useful anti-ageing tip that can be useful for adding antioxidants to your skincare routine with an item you probably already have in your kitchen - a banana. Dr. Mamina said that her mother drinks banana tea and boils the skin to make the game-changing remedy. While her mother prepared the tea, Dr. Mamina explained that her mother’s banana tea trick is actually a way to keep looking youthful since banana peels have so much nutritional value in them. READ MORE: No7 skincare product shoppers say 'reduces wrinkles' in Boots sale    The dermatologist's mother explained: “Banana has so much nutrition in the skin. Usually, we eat the inside and throw away the skin." Dr. Maina added that her mother recommended using an organic banana for the tea. Dr. Mamina and her mother also advised that you wash the banana beforehand and also cut off the end of the fruit. Then, put it in a pot on the stove and let it boil for around fifteen to twenty minutes. Banana skin includes vitamins B6, B12, A, magnesium, potassium, amino acids and antioxidants that can help with skin. It has other benefits as well, as banana tea can also help prevent bloating and is also a popular sleeping aid remedy. DON'T MISS:The 'crucial' step to 'reduce the signs of ageing'  [INSIGHT]Two-minute skincare routine to look 'five years younger' [REPORT]Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil [REVEAL]  Healthline has said banana tea can be a good replacement for sugary beverages as only a small amount of sugar is released into the water while brewing. It is also often enjoyed with a dash of cinnamon or honey in order to improve the flavour. People in the comments of the TikTok video could not believe the age of the 72-year-old mother, and the comments were flooded with viewers expressing their shock. One commentator said: “What do you mean 72?!” One person said: "She’s 72!?!? Wow!!!! I will be taking everything she teaches us and doing it! Lol.” Another surprised fan commented: "I will do whatever she says. Her skin is pure perfection!" Someone else wrote: “At first I was like ‘what’s the big deal?’ Then I saw the 72-year-old, wow! Currently putting on my shows and driving to the store to buy bananas.”  