Floyd Mayweather faces Aaron Chalmers tonight in his first contest across the pond. This marks TBE’s latest splash into the exhibition boxing world following his retirement from the paid ranks in 2017. Since hanging up his gloves with a perfect professional record of 50-0, Mayweather has continued to compete in money-spinning non-scoring bouts against YouTubers, kickboxers and everything in between. Last time out, he stopped KSI’s brother Deji Olatunji and now he is set to do battle with ex-Geordie Shore star Chalmers. Chalmers comes into the ring with a decent amount of combat sports experience boasting a 5-2 professional MMA record and a 1-0 pro boxing record. He replaced originally matched opponent Liam Harrison on one month’s notice after the Muay Thai legend pulled out with a shoulder injury. O2 Arena, London, United Kingdom Floyd Mayweather vs Aaron Chalmers Natalie Nunn vs Tommie Lee Ulysses Diaz vs Khalas Karim J’Hon Ingram vs Declan Kenna Antonio Zepeda vs Christopher Lovejoy Kevin Johnson vs Mike Hales Sammy-Jo Luxton vs Hayley Barraclough Live streams and fight times The eight-round exhibition bout takes place tonight in the English capital with the undercard getting underway from 7pm. Ring walks for the main event are expected to follow at around 10.30pm. The fight is a pay-per-view event in the UK and is being shown on The Zeus Network for a British record fee of £32.26. All of the action can be live-streamed via the broadcaster’s website and app on all good internet-connected devices including smart TVs, laptops and mobile phones. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury shake on money-spinning bet ahead of Saudi grudge match Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity Quotes Mayweather: “If I was taking brutal punishment, I couldn’t do it anymore. My career was great because of my defence. My faculties were important to me. I retired from the sport and I didn’t let the sport retire me. My advice to him [Chalmers] is to leave here with skills. He’s rough, tough and got experience in combat, so I’m pretty sure he’ll be at his best. "I’ve got so much experience at the highest level. I’ve fought at the best events. Experience plays a major part. I’ve seen everything but you can never overlook a guy or underestimate a guy. He believes in his skills and talent. My job is to entertain and do what I do. I don’t have to have fast hands or feet. The proof is in the pudding." Chalmers: “I’ve been training with Adam Booth in the boxing gym and I’m eager to make a name for myself in the boxing world. I jumped on this opportunity immediately. It’s an honour to share the ring with one of the greatest fighters of all time and I’m definitely going to take advantage of it.”