Now it has been confirmed by Buckingham Palace that the Queen Consort has tested positive for Covid. Her public engagements have been cancelled so that Camilla can recover and also to prevent the spread of the infection. Covid is a highly infectious disease that spreads through close contact, especially when an infected person breathes, speaks, coughs, or sneezes near others. At the age of 75, Camilla is "more likely to get seriously ill from Covid", the NHS says, as people over the age of 60 are at greater risk of severe disease. Camilla is fully vaccinated, however, which does provide a great level of protection against the virus. Vaccines do not prevent a person from catching the infection, but they do help to make the illness less severe. The Queen Consort is said to be in "good spirits" and is taking the necessary time to rest. READ MORE: Live longer: The 'anti-inflammatory' drink that could cut cancer risk Camilla previously tested positive for Covid, in February 2022, alongside her husband, then Prince Charles. But royal sources say that this week there are no changes planned for King Charles' engagements. According to the latest government report, the number of people testing positive for Covid (up to February 3) has increased nearly 30 percent compared to the week prior. Moreover, the number of people admitted to hospital with the virus in the same time period had also risen by nearly 10 percent. Simultaneously, the number of deaths had decreased compared to the week prior by 15.6 percent. Signs of a Covid infection There are numerous overlaps between the symptoms of Covid and the common cold. The Zoe Health Study highlighted the "most common" symptoms of Covid, which ranged from a sore throat to a runny nose. Other symptoms include: READ MORE: Restricting your calorie intake could slow down ageing - study These symptoms were based on contributor reports in the Zoe app, which doesn't take into account which Covid variant caused the infection. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) reported: "XBB.1.5 and CH.1.1 (and associated sub-lineages) continue to show growth advantage in England in all models. "It is likely that the growth of both CH.1.1. and XBB.1.5 are contributing to the current increase in COVID-19 incidence. "And that they will continue to increase overall transmission as they become more prevalent." The UKHSA added: "Although there is limited data, there is no evidence of increased severity for CH.1.1 compared to BQ.1." People who are experiencing symptoms of Covid are advised by the NHS to "stay at home and avoid contact with other people". The national health service adds: "You can go back to your normal activities when you feel better or do not have a high temperature." For most people in England, free testing for Covid is no longer available or required.