The first reactor for Hinkley Point C, which has faced repeated delays due to the project’s ballooning cost, has finally arrived in the UK. The nuclear reactor for the first power station in Britain in over three decades arrived by barge at Combwich Wharf on the River Parrett in Somerset on Friday. It will be used for EDF’s nuclear plant which will eventually, on completion, power six million homes with clean energy. Hinkley Point C is one of eight nuclear plants the UK included in its nuclear strategy. This was published in April in the midst of a global energy crisis sparked by surging wholesale gas costs as a result of Russia's Ukraine invasion. By expanding nuclear power’s share in the UK energy mix, the Government argued, Britain will have a ramped-up supply of homegrown power that could help slash its reliance on expensive fossil fuel imports and push it on a path to energy independence. Each reactor at the Somerset site will help provide enough low-carbon electricity for three million households.The one which has just arrived on Britain’s shores is just 13-metres long and weighs 500-tonnes. The “reactor pressure vessel” was made by Framatome in France and comes from the same factory which made the last nuclear reactor for a British power station at Sizewell B in Suffolk, which became operational in 1995. However, while the arrival of the reactor could be a positive signal that progress is being made on the nuclear rollout, some critics say that new nuclear power will not come online soon enough to ease the current energy bill crisis. Hinkley Point C, for instance, is not expected to finish construction until 2026 at the earliest. Meanwhile, energy bills are at record highs and the Government has been urged to find a way to quickly ease the burden of high energy costs. Although the nuclear strategy is unlikely to have an immediate impact, Energy Secretary Grant Shapps has vowed to make Britain’s energy bills the lowest in Europe with a plan to increase wind power and nuclear energy generation. He said: “As Security of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my ambition is that by 2035, we'll have the lowest wholesale electricity prices in Europe. Well, we already have three of the world's largest offshore wind farms, and we're driving forwards huge nuclear projects to power millions of homes. READ MORE: Sunak urged to rejoin £84bn EU scheme as 70% firms plot UK exodus "I'll set Britain on a course to energy security by radically increasing production of renewables and nuclear and creating hundreds of thousands of green jobs in the process. This is our plan to take back power, to fuel Britain from Britain " But Hinkley Point C’s repeated delays have raised concerns as the Government has appeared to hedge its bets on nuclear. The Somerset project was initially meant supposed to start producing electricity by 2017 at a cost of £18billion. Now expected to cost £32billion, the delays have thrown into question whether building more nuclear plants is an appropriate response to the energy crisis. Previously speaking to Express.co.uk, Dr Paul Dorfman, Associate Fellow SPRU University of Sussex, explained: "The fact is, EDF EPR reactor design costs have ramped everywhere it's built with massive delays.” He also warned that "because of the new Regulated Asset Base (RAB) funding mechanism, the inevitable huge cost and delay hikes” for another key nuclear project in the pipeline, Sizewell C, will be “borne by the hard-pressed UK electricity consumer and taxpayer from the word go". Campaigners from Stop Sizewell C, who are calling for the Government to slam the breaks on this partially taxpayer-funded project, have said: “Nuclear energy is not green energy, it's as simple as that. It's not renewable and produces waste that remains toxic for thousands of years, with as yet no long-term solution for storing it. DON'T MISSElon Musk issues 'WW3' warning after dealing Ukraine blow with ban [REPORT] EU shamed as Biden's energy aide says 'no apologies' over trade war [REVEAL] Man unearths family's buried treasure from WW2 after following map [INSIGHT] “Moreover it's slow, expensive and risky, and Sizewell C threatens one of the world’s most famous nature reserves. The controversy on this topic - which in Europe has led to a legal challenge - is a distraction from attracting investment in genuinely green renewable energy that can power our country securely at a fraction of the price." However, the Government has argued that anyone rejecting that nuclear power is a part of the solution to country’s energy problems is doing a disservice to the nation. A Government spokesman told Express.co.uk in a statement: “Putin’s weaponisation of energy has shown how vital UK energy security is, and nuclear sits at the heart of achieving our energy independence. "Nuclear provides reliable and clean energy, thousands of new well-paid jobs across the country and will help us delivery the cheapest electricity in Europe by 2035. “Anyone dismissing these obvious benefits of nuclear energy is doing a disservice to the British, and Scottish, people. The UK’s Committee on Climate Change, the International Energy Agency and UN Economic Commission for Europe have all highlighted the important role for new nuclear electricity, in partnership with renewables, in helping the UK reach net zero.” Meanwhile, nuclear power output in the UK still expanded in 2022 due to £450million of investment and maintenance in the country’s nuclear fleet, even though two plants were retired. Five nuclear power stations are still up and running in Britain; Heysham I and II, Hartlepool, Torness (AGR fleet) and Sizewell B. Hinkley Point B and Hunterston B both retired last year after 46 years of service. According to industry sources, nuclear power produced from these stations is still one of the cheapest sources of electricity on the grid. They reportedly provide power far below the market average price. Tom Greatrex, Chief Executive of the Nuclear Industry Association, said: “Our nuclear power stations continue to cut gas use and cut carbon, a testament to the skill and ingenuity of our nuclear workforce. The fleet is a cornerstone of our energy security, keeping the lights on and getting us toward net zero. “But as stations retire this decade, it’s important that the ramp-up of new nuclear projects set out by the government is realised, so we don’t fall behind other countries in delivering on vital energy and climate targets.”  