Tim Sherwood can see Liverpool signing Kaoru Mitoma from Brighton next season as part of Jurgen Klopp's Anfield rebuild. The German has vowed to craft his second successful Reds side as he shut down talk of throwing in the towel after such a troublesome season that has included so many low moments for the Liverpool boss and his players. One of which was the last-gasp FA Cup exit at the hands of Brighton two weeks ago when Mitoma netted a stoppage-time winner for Albion to seal a 2-1 victory. The Japanese international has been a thorn in Liverpool's side in all three meetings including the 3-3 draw at Anfield in the Premier League and the 3-0 win for the Seagulls in January. Mitoma had a hand in goals in each of the three meetings between the sides this season and Sky Sports pundit Sherwood is adamant he is good enough to play for Liverpool next season - should they come calling. Sherwood said on Sky Sports: “He has got everything," before later adding: “He has got all types of goals in him. He runs with the ball, he takes players on. He really commits defenders. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call “He knows when to play safe. He has got the whole package, this boy, and you know by looking at him that he has got a fantastic attitude to the game. He is relishing playing in the best league in the world, which is the Premier League. Liverpool? Next season, son.” Liverpool are unlikely to make an approach for Brighton's jet-heeled attacker as they are already stacked with options in the final third. When everyone is fit, they will have six strong options in the form of Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota, Cody Gakpo, Roberto Firmino, Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah. Keeping all of those fit has been a major problem for the Reds this season but even still, it seems highly unlikely that Liverpool will be back in the market for another forward. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightTottenham boss Antonio Conte sent warning over health after stressful Leicester thrashingFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setback Firmino is currently out of contract at the end of the season but talks are ongoing with his entourage over a new deal for the Brazilian. Even if Liverpool were to move for the player, Brighton hold all the cards over a potential sale and they will want to keep Mitoma for the long-term as he is considered to be a key asset for Roberto De Zerbi. The Seagulls are notoriously stubborn negotiators and they will not bow down to pressure if they receive interest in their players from further afield. Brighton kept hold of star man Moises Caicedo in January despite two substantial bids from Arsenal worth up to £70million. There was also interest from Chelsea but they were quickly told where to go. Mitoma has given his marker Trent Alexander-Arnold the runaround this season but the Japan international will have boosted his reputation at Anfield by complimenting the right-back, who has had a tough campaign this term. When asked to name his toughest opponents, Mitoma recently said: "When it comes to foreign players, I got past Trent Alexander-Arnold once but soon after that when I was blocked by him, his arms were strong. "People tend to think that his defending seems weak but he is totally strong, from what I’ve felt in person." Mitoma has scored six goals in 19 outings in all competitions this season - including four in his past six Premier League outings.