Retired Britons over state pension age can be entitled to a wide range of support to help with their day to day lives. However, individuals are aware of some forms of support more than others, according to a new study. Over 65s were found to know far more about “freebie” benefits, such as the free bus pass or free prescriptions, than state benefits such as Pension Credit - despite the value of the former being much less on average than the latter. This is according to Just Group, which found that bus passes, free prescriptions and winter fuel payments are almost universally well-known by those over 65s in the UK. Despite being so well known by this age category, these freebie benefits are worth between £2.08 and £25.00 per week each. However, in contrast, nearly a quarter of those asked did not know about Pension Credit - the main benefit for pensioners who may be struggling on a low income. READ MORE: State pension boost may be available for Britons aged 45 to 70 The benefit tops up weekly income to £182.60, and Just Group states it is worth more than £65 a week on average. The DWP has previously urged people to claim Pension Credit, highlighting the help it can provide. The benefit is worth some £3,500, according to the Department, and this could make a massive difference to a person's life. However, the latest statistics show despite around 1.4 million pensioners being eligible, around £1.7billion of the benefit goes unclaimed every year. DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues warning as woman loses £14k in 'betrayal' [WARNING]Pensions vs ISA - which is best for retirement [INSIGHT]Pensioners set to ‘suffer most’ as energy price cap set at £3,280 [LATEST] Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, said: “The social and cultural references to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “People should check whether they could be entitled to additional financial support throughout their adult life. “But reaching state pension age should act as an important reminder to take a closer look. “For a start, people must actively claim their state pension and they will also be able to start claiming the two elements of Pension Credit as well as Council Tax Reduction – if they are eligible – from state pension age.” READ MORE: Santander announces savings interest rate increases Mr Lowe also stressed the importance of Pension Credit as a ‘gateway benefit’ to other forms of support, stating many people are “in the dark” about this help. Those eligible for Pension Credit may also be able to get support with medical and heating costs, as well as energy bill support payments. Over 75s on Pension Credit can also secure a free TV licence, an important entitlement. There are various ways people can look into the help they might be entitled to. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For example, the Government highlights free, independent, third-party benefit calculators via its website, such as Turn2Us, Policy in Practice and entitledto. Alternatively, individuals could also check with a local benefits adviser to find out what they may be entitled to. PensionWise is also a Government-backed service, offering free and impartial guidance on pensions. Finally, organisations such as Citizens Advice, Age UK and the Money Advice Service could also help with financial queries.