This year, Winter Fuel Payments have been worth up to £600 as the Government offers more support amid the cost of living crisis. While most payments will have arrived for Britons living in the UK, there are some exceptions. This is because many Britons have chosen to become expats, moving overseas for various reasons. Those living in 25 European Economic Area (EEA) countries, or Switzerland, could find themselves eligible for the support. The Government has outlined the eligible countries as follows: READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as Britons fail to plan for 40% bill Unfortunately for some expats, the payment will not be available. Those living in France, Spain, Gibraltar, Cyprus, Greece, Malta or Portugal won’t be able to claim as the average winter temperature is higher than that recorded in the warmest parts of the UK. People who do not live in the UK will only be eligible for the Winter Fuel Payment if: Expats will only need to claim the payment if they haven’t received it since they moved abroad. DON'T MISSPensioners at risk of paying tax on retirement income [INSIGHT]Shell Energy could pay you to cut energy use [LATEST]Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences' [ANALYSIS] The rest of the time, the Government states, people will get the payment automatically. There are some instances where a person will not be eligible for a Winter Fuel Payment. This includes: Those who are eligible should have received a letter in October or November, laying out how much they would get. READ MORE: UK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 Those who didn’t receive such correspondence, and haven’t got a payment but think they are eligible, may need to make a claim. Similarly, if a person has not been paid they should check their account and then contact the Winter Fuel Payment Centre for further guidance. The Government has also confirmed the return of a Pensioner Cost of Living Payment for winter 2023/24. A £300 payment will be provided to over eight million pensioners on top of their Winter Fuel Payments if they are eligible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Exact payment windows are set to be announced closer to the time. However, the Winter Fuel Payment scheme typically provides payment in November or December. Commenting on the new payments, work and pensions secretary Mel Stride, said: “We are sticking by our promise to protect the most vulnerable. “These payments, worth hundreds of pounds, will provide vital support next year for those on the lowest incomes. “The Government’s wider support package has already helped more than eight million families as we continue to deal with the global consequences of Putin’s illegal war and the aftershocks of the pandemic.”