A filmmaker who has interviewed Shamima Begum multiple times has slammed a magazine for giving her a “Victoria Beckham-like” glossy cover shoot. Journalist Andrew Drury, 56, got to know Begum over the course of a year between 2021 and 2022 when he visited the former ISIS bride six times at her prison camp in north east Syria. After initially feeling concerned for her welfare, over time Andrew has formed the opinion the ex-jihadi could be manipulating the British press in order to get home. On Saturday The Times magazine printed a front page cover girl image of Shamima posing at al-Roj camp wearing a baseball cap, low-cut top and ripped jeans. The front page appeared ahead of BBC 2 airing The Shamima Begum Story tonight at 9pm, as part of a podcast and documentary series on the former ISIS member. The fashion shoot-like image was accompanied by the text: “UNVEILED The confessions of Shamima Begum 'I was in love with the idea of Islamic State. I was in denial. Now I have a lot of regrets'” The decision to use the former member of a death cult as a cover image on the magazine sparked outrage online. Jake Wallis Simons, the editor of the Jewish Chronicle, tweeted: “Anybody else feel a little queasy at seeing an Isis bride become a cover star?” Historian and author Tom Holland observed: “It would be nice to see a Yazidi girl - perhaps one of the many abducted, enslaved & raped by the organisation that Shamima Begum so enthusiastically joined - given a similar chance to tell her story” Joining the outrage expressed by many, Andrew Drury said seeing the image of the woman he had to got to “know well” on a magazine cover made him think it made her look like a celebrity. He said: “It’s like a cover of Vogue, she’s gone up against a backdrop of a white wall for what looks like a photoshoot. “You see her on the cover of a magazine now and you open up the magazine and see a picture of her husband on the other page, it’s like seeing Victoria Beckham on the front of a glossy publication and you open it up and there’s David. That’s what this looks like. READ MORE: Expert baffled as divers find nothing over 4 miles of river in Nicola Bulley search “Shamima will be sitting in her tent now and she will be looking at this and will be so excited, and it will give her such an up feeling, and I don’t feel good about that. “I know her so well, I’ve been into her tent and I know she will be sitting there with her friends and looking at these photos. I’ve also been to the camps in Raqqa in Syria and seen the refugees there and seen what ISIS did to those people. This woman is a terrorist not a cover girl. “Whether you like it or not, regardless that she was 15 once, she was a terrorist and joined a death cult. “If she did sew suicide vests, which the intelligence agencies say they have evidence of, and we have no reason to believe they would lie, how will the victims of ISIS see this picture of her on a magazine cover? “If Shamima keeps on saying she ‘can help people if she comes home’, how is she helping stop terrorism? By posing in a prison camp in a low-cut stop, is that going to stop future people going there?” Begum is currently having her case reviewed by the Special Immigration Appeals Commission. DON'T MISS: Jeremy Hunt has just been given the excuse he needs to grab your 25% pension tax-free cash