The Goldbergs have become one of TV’s most iconic families over the past decade as creator Adam F Goldberg drew inspiration from his life growing up in 1980s Philadelphia for the hit comedy. Sadly, ABC revealed this week that the hugely popular sitcom would be coming to an end with its 10th season on May 3, and the creator’s on-screen stand-in Sean Giambrone has taken to Twitter with a moving tribute to his time on the series. Giambrone shared a sweet post saying how thankful he was to Goldberg and his co-stars for his sitcom experience. Throughout all 10 seasons of the series, he portrayed Adam, a fictionalised version of the creator during his childhood and teenage years. Most of the original cast are currently starring in the 10th and last outing, aside from Jeff Garlin whose character Murray Goldberg died in season nine. “It's ending,” Giambrone wrote. “An incredible 10 years. I have made memories and friends I will never forget.” READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale “Thank you to #adamgoldberg and my Goldberg family and thank you to all who watched. “You made it possible for me to live a dream. This video is the beginning, the pilot episode.” The star posted a moving video slideshow featuring photos from some of his first days on set. His video included photos of himself at just 13 years old when he was cast alongside Garlin, Wendi McLendon-Covey and veteran actor George Segal as his parents and grandfather. Other members of the cast include Troy Gentile as Adam’s older brother Barry, Hayley Orrantia as sister Erica and AJ Michalka as Barry’s on-off girlfriend Lainey Lewis. Several fans replied to Giambrone’s post to share how much The Goldbergs has meant to them over the years. @hcapurro posted a photo of herself meeting Giambrone and replied: “I’m grateful that The Goldbergs led me to you! “Thanks for all of the memories and I can’t wait to see what you do next!” DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [LATEST]NCIS boss teases Leroy Gibbs’ return [INTERVIEW]Outlander fans demand ‘axed’ characters to appear [OPINION] Amy Danko said: “Thank you. The Goldbergs will forever be one of my favourite shows.” John Ungvarsky commented: “Growing up/living my life in the Philly area, The Goldbergs was a wonderful nostalgic trip every week. “Never knew what 80’s prop or Philly reference would trigger a great memory. Thanks to the cast, crew, writers who made it all come alive. (Can’t believe real Barry is a doctor!)” And Eric M Tostrud wrote: “From every 80’s kid, thank you! The Goldbergs was a great weekly trip down memory lane!” Giambrone shouldn’t have any difficulty landing more roles after starring in one of the biggest comedies of the past decade. Outside of The Goldbergs, he is well-known as a voice actor in shows such as Solar Opposites, Harley Quinn and Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous. He most recently lent his voice to The Secret Life of Pets 2 and portrayed a young Jimmy McGill in the animated Better Call Saul spin-off Slippin’ Jimmy. The Goldbergs season 10 continues Wednesdays on ABC in the USA. Seasons 1-9 are available to stream on All4 in the UK.