Priscilla Presley has been divorced from Elvis Presley for almost 50 years, but the couple who shared the late Lisa Marie stayed close during The King’s final years. The 77-year-old has a collection of personal items owned by her late husband and Bam Margera claimed she and her son gave him one of Elvis’ rings and robes. The Jackass star said he was going to pass the robe on to his Elvis fan dad and gift the ring to Yelawolf “the new king of Rock ’n Roll”. Bam and Priscilla had lunch together last week, with Elvis’ ex-wife claiming her son Navarone Garibaldi Garcia had him round as “new friend”, not knowing who he was. She told TMZ that Bam had “betrayed not only her, but also her son Navarone Garcia, by falsely claiming she gifted him a couple of Elvis' personal items and filming in their home without her consent… He came over, talked non-stop about his new ventures and personal struggles and asked for a photo with me for his father, who is a big fan." Priscilla continued: “Unbeknownst to us at the time, Bam chose to circulate those photos accompanied by false information and storytelling. After what Bam has chosen to do, my son and I want no further communication with him. I consider him a dishonest and unstable individual. I had no idea who he was or that he was filming in my home without my consent." On top of this, she claimed the robe wasn’t Elvis’ and the ring was one owned by Bam. READ MORE: Priscilla was heartbroken by Elvis' love-making rule after Lisa Marie Priscilla added: “At no time during the visit did I give him anything of Elvis'. I still have everything he ever touched. I would never disrespect Elvis who was the love of my life by giving away anything that belonged to him. I have always protected them for the fans. Elvis belonged to all of you and I cherish my life with him too much to ever squander anything." Since she’s spoken out, Bam has posted an apology, although he continues to claim that the robe and ring did once belong to Elvis. DON'T MISSElvis’ incredible generosity – King’s cousin shares five more facts [ELVIS]John Wayne in so much pain he couldn't sleep on set with Ann-Margret [JOHN WAYNE]Elvis – Priscilla Presley's tribute to Lisa Marie on her birthday [LISA] Bam wrote on his social media: “I want to apologize to @priscillapresley and Navarone Presley for my behavior. I’m very sorry and embarrassed, and I can’t apologize enough for acting like a jackass. Navarone gave me a robe and ring that I gave Phil to be a part of Phil’s Elvis stuff. I’m making Navarone a $10,000 Heartagram necklace because I love his band @themguns with hopes to record and tour. I’m sorry.”