An "abandoned" house has been searched in the effort to find missing mum Nicola Bulley. The 45-year-old disappeared on Friday while on a dog walk next to the River Wyre off Garstang Road, St Michael's on Wyre, prompting a large scale police search.  Her mobile phone, which was still logged into a work conference call, was found on a bench along a river path. News of the house search comes after police confirmed they have found a potentially key witness. A police spokesman said of the potential witness: "He has since been located and is currently being spoken to. Our thanks to those who shared our appeal." Earlier police had said the man, who was walking a small white fluffy dog on a lead, had spoken to a woman in the area who found Ms Bulley's dog, before he walked in the direction of Rowanwater.   Kev Camplin of Bowland Pennine Mountain Rescue led a team of 25 trained volunteers on the day Ms Bulley went missing. He said the team scoured a stretch of the river, including wooded areas, water margins and the grounds of a large, unoccupied country house. He told the Mirror: "The abandoned house is right opposite the bench on the other side of the river, over a 10ft garden wall. It’s quite posh. "We didn’t go into the house, as a volunteer search and rescue team we don’t actually go into buildings. We might go into a barn or something. We leave that to the police." READ ABOUT A MAN FOUND GUILTY OF A DOUBLE MURDER    "While the team was searching the grounds, the owner was there for some reason and we asked him to go in and he had a quick look around and she wasn’t there." Police have said they are keeping an "open mind" about what happened, but do not believe Ms Bulley was attacked. In a statement, her family said: "We have been overwhelmed by the support from our community and would like to thank everyone for their ongoing efforts to help us find Nicola. "The girls are desperate to have their mummy back home safe with them and your ongoing efforts have provided comfort to them whilst we await news on Nicola. "We ask for anyone who thinks they may have any information that may help the police find Nicola to please come forward and help them with their inquiries."  DON'T MISS: Missing teenager Adriana Davidson found dead at school [REPORT] Russian mercenary claims deserters are shot and thrown into graves [REVEALED]Braverman warns Tories to stop migrant crossings or face defeat [LATEST]     Ms Bulley lives in Inskip, which is about three miles from where she went walking. Mr Camplin said: "She drops her kids off at St Michaels and then apparently she walks eastwards to where the woods and the river are, she walks that daily with her dog. "So it’s not an unknown area for her and it is a popular area for walkers and dog walkers alike. It’s actually quite a beautiful spot."  Ms Bulley is described as white, 5ft 3in, with light brown, shoulder-length hair. At the time of her disappearance she was wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive green ankle wellington boots.   Friends of Ms Bulley have told Sky News they "just want her home". Emma White told the broadcaster: "We've got two little girls wanting their mummy, so if anyone has any information please just come forward." She described Ms Bulley as a "beautiful, lovely human being inside and out". Ms White added that her partner, Paul, was "being strong as possible" for the couple's two children, who are aged nine and six. Ms White said: "We don't know why she's gone missing, where she is, we just want her home." Another friend, Heather Gibbons, told Sky News: "We want to hold on to the hope that no news is good news. But knowing Nicky, we just know that if she could be at home with her girls we very firmly believe that is where she would be."   Superintendent Sally Riley said: "We remain extremely concerned for Nicola and we continue to do everything we can to try and find her and to provide some answers for her family, who are obviously beside themselves with worry. "I must stress at this time that this remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola's disappearance.  "We appreciate there is also a great deal of concern in the local community, and we appreciate people want to help. However, parts of the riverbank are treacherous, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies' efforts to find Nicola are not compromised. "If anybody has any questions or concerns, they are welcome to speak to officers in the area." Anyone who has seen Ms Bulley, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30, or call 999 if they have an immediate sighting. 