Sort Your Life Out presenter Stacey Solomon, 33, and husband Joe Swash, 40, announced the arrival of their adorable bundle of joy today. The pair, who met through the ITV reality series I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, were overjoyed as they shared the news of their little girl's birth to their fans.    Stacey shared a series of heart-warming photographs along with the caption: "She’s Here! Our beautiful, daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever. "You literally flew into our world … And none of us can quite believe your thick dark head of hair that we just can’t get over. "We can’t believe your here. Welcome to the world beautiful girl, thank you for the last few months in my tummy, we can’t wait to love you forever and ever we are so grateful we get to be your family." (sic) READ MORE: Tom Bradby 'failed' in Prince Harry doc, claims Libby Purves   Plenty of Stacey's famous friends took to the comments to congratulate the family. Holly Willoughby gushed: "Awww congratulations darlin… beautiful photos… enjoy this precious time." Vanessa Feltz said: "Exquisite! Just beautiful! Mazeltov to the whole family." And Davina McCall exclaimed: "Awwwwwwwwww x so so thrilled for you all." The Loose Women presenter surprised her fans late last year when she shared the news that she and Joe were expecting their third child together. The announcement came as quite a shock, since Stacey found out she was pregnant when she was “much further along” than she had been previous times. Underneath a series of sweet pregnancy snaps that showed off her large baby bump, she previously wrote: “Coming soon… Much sooner than we thought [laughing emoji]. She shared her pregnancy announcement with her 5 million followers by posting a video of herself with a positive pregnancy test.    The ITV star also shared the emotional reaction Joe had when she gave him the news. Calling Joe into the bathroom, her shocked husband was left gobsmacked by the sight of a positive pregnancy stick. Sinking to his knees and embracing an ecstatic Stacey, the former EastEnders star exclaimed: “This is the best news bubba!"  READ MORE... Carol Kirkwood talks moment she 'lost it' over wardrobe malfunction [NEWS] Elaine Paige thanks the Lord 'the Queen’s not here to witness this' [LATEST] Soul singer Renee Geyer dies as family left 'utterly devastated' [INSIGHT]   The couple are already parents to one-year-old daughter Rose and son Rex, three. Stacey also shares son Leighton, 10, with ex-partner Aaron Barham, and eldest child Zachery, 14, with her other ex Dean Cox. Meanwhile, Joe is a father to son Harry, 15, whom he shares with his ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous. Stacey is the host of the BBC show Sort Your Life Out, where she revamps cluttered homes in the UK with her team to change the way families live for the better.   The star shares her beloved home, Pickle Cottage, with husband Joe and their large blended family. “Pickle" is the affectionate term Stacey uses to describe her growing brood. The couple tied the knot on Sunday 24 July of last year in an intimate ceremony at their home. The pair previously got engaged when the actor popped the question on Christmas Eve of 2020.  