The January transfer window has finally closed with all 20 Premier League clubs' winter business now concluded. Over £750million has been spent by top-flight teams with Chelsea the busiest side and Manchester United and Arsenal also making some exciting moves. In our latest Big Debate, Express Sport's team of writers pick which club made the best signing of the mid-season market... Mykhaylo Mudryk will be worth the drama. At one point destined to join Arsenal, he then rocked the Gunners by opting to move to fierce rivals Chelsea instead. And Mikel Arteta’s loss will be Graham Potter’s gain over in the capital. Mudryk impressed on his debut against Liverpool and is one of the most exciting players of his generation. The Ukraine international is a diamond in the rough but, once he’s polished, should help the Blues up the Premier League table. Although a few questions were raised about his attitude as he sought to push through a move from Brighton there can be no real doubts about the Belgium international’s ability. In four seasons on the south coast he provided a steady stream of goals and assists (25 and 14 respectively) and judged on his first two appearances for the Gunners, he could deliver plenty. Trossard provides direct competition or backup, depending on form and fitness, to the exciting Gabriel Martinelli and at £21m he could have his best years ahead rather than behind. A brilliant piece of January business. The transformation so far at St James' Park has been built on a concrete defence. The next phase will be to add to the side's potency and in that respect Gordon is the perfect fit. He's young, he's hungry and he is only going to improve under Eddie Howe. At 21, he has already shown how dangerous he can be in the Premier League at a struggling club. At Newcastle he can really fly. It was deemed all over with no chance of a deal being reached mere weeks ago until Chelsea eventually met Benfica's demands in the final hours of deadline day. The fee is eye-watering for a player not on many teams' radar prior to last summer but the market dictates value and quality central midfielders are in high demand at the moment. He's the only true game-changing signing any Premier League made in the January window - other than potentially Mykhaylo Mudryk. Chelsea's rivals in Liverpool, Manchester United and others can only look on in envy at the sheer amount of money the Blues were able to spend in January, but Fernandez's signing tops the lot. With a massive chance to win the Premier League, Arsenal needed an extra attacker this month to add much-needed depth. Trossard is an ideal addition. The Belgium international, 28, offers fantastic competition to Gabriel Martinelli. Trossard can play across the front line, is in excellent form this term and has seamlessly slotted into the team, looking very sharp in his early outings for Mikel Arteta's side. A fee of £27million is more than fair for the attacker. If he scores four or five goals that help Arsenal towards the league title, he has immediately repaid his fee. Manchester United acted fast and with the kind of nous that has not been synonymous with them in recent times to bring in Marcel Sabitzer, while Chelsea got their hands on a player of immense quality who had been highly sought after in Enzo Fernandez, albeit if they paid through the teeth to get him. But the signing of the month has to be Nottingham Forest luring ex-Real Madrid No 1 Keylor Navas from Paris to the City Ground. They needed to get someone in in Dean Henderson's absence but went one better by signing a massive upgrade who would probably sit in the Champions League spots as Premier League goalkeepers go. Not bad for a team expected to be in the relegation dogfight over the coming months. What a rush... Millions of Manchester United fans woke up to the news that Christian Eriksen - Erik ten Hag’s most-used player this season - was sidelined for three months. The shock. The horror. At noon, United only had two fit central midfielders in Casemiro and Fred, with Scott McTominay also ruled out and Donny van de Beek’s season over. But in pulling off a loan for Sabitzer in around 11 hours, United have handed Ten Hag a player of Eriksen’s creative quality with the defensive astuteness he lacks. Somehow, the Dutchman has upgraded his midfield with one of the shrewdest ‘panic buys’ you’re likely to see. Wanted by Arsenal and Tottenham for the best part of half a decade, Weston McKennie’s loan switch to Leeds is a major coup for the relegation-threatened outfit. Albeit aided by the contacts of American head coach Jesse Marsch, having the 24-year-old for the remainder of the season will boost the Whites’ survival hopes. McKennie was one of the best performers at the World Cup and has done well when called upon by Juventus. He takes Leeds’ midfield to a new level. There was a natural buzz in the air at Anfield when Mykhaylo Mudryk made his debut at Anfield, but the excitement that Fernandez's signing will bring to Chelsea is immeasurable. The Argentine showed his enormous potential at the World Cup with some outstanding displays and there is little to suggest he won't be a massive hit at Stamford Bridge after his £107m move. He was only on the pitch for a few minutes against Liverpool, but Mudryk has already given a glimpse into what he can bring Chelsea. Blues fans will love him even more after beating Arsenal to his signature. It might have been a lot of money for a player with fewer than 50 career club appearances to his name. But £88m may eventually end up being a deal we look back on as a bargain.