Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson first got together in 2017 after they were introduced to one another at a party. Although they are not planning to tie the knot any time soon, the pair have taken a huge leap running Diddly Squat Farm together. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how tall the Clarkson's Farm star is. Lisa was last seen in season two of Clarkson's Farm when she helped Jeremy tackle the fallout of Brexit. She supported him in his decision to buy cattle and chickens as a way of making extra income on the farm. The pair hoped to open a restaurant, serving beef from the cattle they had raised. Lisa was also seen taking control of the farm shop, which continued to face backlash from some local residents. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson As for Lisa's height, the former model and actress is 1.88m tall, which is equal to 6ft 2 inches. She is a little shorter than her partner Jeremy, who stands at 1.96m tall, or 6ft 5 inches. Lisa's mother Arlene Underwood was also a model and she followed in her mum's footsteps. She later went on to become an actress, having been discovered by actor John Cleese in the early 1990s. The Fawlty Towers star employed her as a researcher, which is how she got into the film industry. The star went on to work on Fierce Creatures alongside Michael Palin and Jamie Lee Curtis. Viewers may also be interested to hear she is a sculpture artist, creating pieces through her company LGH Sculptures. Ahead of Clarkson's Farm season two, Lisa said she was surprised by the success of the series. DON'T MISS... Kaleb Cooper teases he will 'ban' Jeremy Clarkson from his farmJeremy Clarkson blames ‘rabid vegetarians’ for his farm strugglesClarkson’s Farm's Kaleb Cooper admits he pays himself just 50p She said: "Jeremy thought four people from his car show might watch it. We were flabbergasted. "Jeremy watched it again after the first few days. I came in, and I was like, 'You’re watching your stuff again?' "He goes, 'I literally don’t understand…'But I think it’s to do with the fact you can see a whole year in one go, and it all gels together. "I don’t know if you’ve read A Year in Provence, but you can read that in a couple of weeks, and you really get the feeling of the year. "You can watch our show in a couple of days, and you’re entrenched in the farm. You’re living it yourself. "Because – is it going to rain? Are the crops going to work? It’s all that kind of stuff. "I was kind of petrified by a second series because we all knew it had been a success. "You meet up with everyone on the first day, and you’re like, 'Am I going to try too hard?' but we just had a cup of tea, and it was totally back to normal, and it was all fine."  Clarkson's Farm season 2 is on Amazon Prime Video, a third season has been commissioned.