A councillor has defended his move to fix potholes despite since being told in "no uncertain terms" to stop. Cllr Luke Mason says the potholes are in a better place now following his DIY repair job. However, the council said that while they appreciated his efforts, highway repairs needed to be carried out in line with health and safety guidelines and to appropriate standards. Cllr Mason, who represents Coulby Newham, Middlesbrough, told Teesside Live: "It's one of those things, the council is coming under ever-increasing pressure, the demand for maintenance across our environmental services is outstripping supply. "Officers are trying their best but the statutory services we run at the council, mainly social care, are taking up an ever-increasing portion of our budget. "The repairs are far from perfect but they leave the roads in a far better state than what they were before. "I think it's important to realise how under pressure services are so you can't lay the blame solely on the council and officers." Comments on a Facebook post have heaped praise on the councillor with one saying "huge well done for caring for your area" and another saying he showed "true commitment to your role and the local area". Conservative Cllr Mason received complaints from residents after potholes caused damage to their cars. He said he understood their frustrations as they were an annoyance to him as well. However, issuing a word of warning, he added: "I would strongly dissuade the public from doing it for obvious legal reasons that could come back to haunt them. "In my own defence, I am quite happy with the work I have done there but the public shouldn’t be doing it themselves." As part of the 2023/24 budget proposals, the planned £15m investment will be scaled back to £7.5m, which will save a further £162,000 in financing costs. When taking into account the increased cost of materials, this will reduce the capacity to maintain roads by approximately two thirds. But do not expect to see Cllr Mason in his high-vis with a bag of tarmac out on the roads anytime soon. He said: "I have been told in no uncertain terms by our environmental services that it could be a serious breach if anything happens at one of the potholes I have carried out repairs at. "I have carried out repairs across Coulby Newham, I did it over a couple of weeks and I repaired quite a few potholes but I think it might have to come to an end now." A Middlesbrough spokesperson said: "We appreciate the efforts of ward members and members of the public who wish to improve their local areas. "However, highway repairs need to be carried out in line with health and safety guidelines and to appropriate standards. "As such advice has been issued accordingly for the wellbeing of all, including road users."