One of David Carrick's victims has revealed how it was Sarah Everard's mother who inspired her to come forward and tell the story of how the Met cop drugged, beat and raped her. Carrick, 48, was jailed for a minimum sentence of 30 years earlier this month after the sadistic policeman took "monstrous advantage" of at least a dozen women. The victim, who was abused by Carrick for 13 months, said it was the words of Ms Everard's mother that inspired her to come forward, after trying to "ignore" what had happened to her. Sarah Everard was kidnapped, raped and murdered by Met Police officer Wayne Couzens in March 2021. During the sentencing of the twisted officer, Sarah's mother said she was "outraged" at how the way Couzens had "masqueraded" as an officer to get what she wanted. One of Carrick's victim recognised a similar pattern in her abuser, and said she could no longer ignore it. The day after Couzens' sentencing on October 1, 2021, she called the police and explained to an operator what had taken place. She received a call from a Hertfordshire Police officer and gave a full statement, and Carrick was arrested at his home in Stevenage later the same day. While the case was later dropped, Carrick subsequently admitted responsibility for what had happened when they met in a busy pub in St Albans, 2020. The woman told The Sun: "I tried to ignore what Carrick had done to me and didn’t tell anyone. But I read the impact statement from Sarah’s mother and it really got to me. "After that I could not ignore what Carrick did. He was another police officer and I was worried he would kill someone next time. By coming forward I was also honouring Mrs Everard, and Sarah’s memory." The woman said she had spoken to Carrick on the phone before meeting him, explaining that he was "very charming" and told her: "I am a policeman and you are safe with me". She added: "It reassured me and gave me a false sense of security." The day after their first meeting, the cruel former policeman sent her a number of messages in which he repeatedly asked her to come and visit him, and reportedly even threatened to visit her at her workplace if she didn't comply. On her way to the pub after work, she asked Carrick to get her a Bacardi and Coke - but when she arrived, he sat with a bottle of wine in a cooler. READ MORE: Rapists sentenced to less than three years behind bars in 2022 [REVEAL] She said: "I told him on the phone I didn’t like wine but he gave it to me anyway. Looking back, I am 99 percent sure he drugged it. I became drunk very quickly but it wasn’t like the normal effect of alcohol. It was a weird feeling and my head felt like it was expanding. "When I first arrived he got out his warrant card and said, 'This is the proof that I am a police officer'. He told me he wanted someone submissive and I said 'that’s not for me'. "Carrick told me he was known as 'Bastard Dave' in the police because he was hard." The woman began to have further doubts about his character after he labelled another pub-goer who also worked for the force a "s**g". She also recalled how Carrick "boasted about guarding Boris Johnson in hospital" when the former Prime Minister was suffering from Covid, and told of how he had shot one of the terrorists involved in the Borough Market attack - even though he had only arrived in the aftermath of the attack, and shot no one. The pair then went to a second pub, before heading back to Carrick's hotel room - but by this point the woman was feeling the effects of the apparent drugging, saying: "By then my legs were wobbling and I felt very unwell. He literally dragged me there. I recall thinking 'this doesn’t feel right' and seeing the hotel lights but I had no idea where I was." She recalled being named a "disgusting b***h", and woke up naked in a bath with two broken ribs after being thrown into it. Carrick was lying naked on the bed and she only managed to escape when he fell asleep. DON'T MISS: Dad furious as schoolboy 'scratches' car after 'years' of issue [REVEAL]One dead after car with 3 inside smashes through roadside railings [INSIGHT]Police hunt man after headless model found in house [ANALYSIS] The woman said the fact Carrick was a police officer is part of what discouraged her from contacting authorities about the evening. The woman then became "haunted" by the disappearance of Ms Everard in March 2021, before it later transpired she had been taken off the streets by Met Police officer Couzens and murdered. She said: "When Sarah was murdered by Couzens, it brought what happened to me back again. To this day, Sarah’s face still haunts me. When Couzens was arrested for Sarah’s murder I thought about reporting Carrick then, but I couldn’t do it. "I kept seeing Sarah’s face in the papers and when the case went to court I tried to ignore it." Her bravery in eventually coming forward was praised by the judge who sentenced Carrick to life imprisonment earlier this month, who said it was "remarkable" how driven she had been to bring his crimes to light and how, by doing so, she had empowered others to act. Carrick admitted 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape, at Southwark Crown Court earlier this month. All of his crimes had been carried out while part of the Met Police. He guarded sites including embassies and the Houses of Parliament and completed training courses, including one on domestic abuse in 2005. The Met was forced to apologise and admit Carrick should have been rooted out earlier after it emerged he came to police attention over nine incidents - including allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment - between 2000 and 2021. 