Funny Woman is almost ready to make its TV debut, telling the tale of a beauty queen who wants to make it in the world of TV comedy in the Swinging 60s. The industry was very much male-dominated at this time, so it would have been a massive struggle for any woman to break through. The Sky Max and NOW series sees how Barbara Parker (played by Gemma Arterton) from Blackpool becomes an unexpected star. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Funny Woman. Funny Woman makes its TV debut on Thursday, February 9, at 9pm on Sky Max. The limited series will consist of six episodes in total with just the first one airing on this initial release date. After this, a new instalment is going to air every Thursday night in the same time slot. As long as there are no changes to the schedule, the sixth and final episode of Funny Woman should be out on Thursday, February 16. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series There is no need to worry if you do happen to miss the premiere or any of the follow-up episodes. Once the premiere episode comes out, the entire six-episode box set will be dropped on Sky's streaming service NOW. So subscribers will be able to binge-watch the comedy-drama whenever they please. If you're not an existing customer, you can purchase NOW's Entertainment Membership for £9.99 a month with the option of cancelling at any time. Funny Woman is about quick-witted Barbara Parker who was crowned Miss Blackpool Belle in 1964. She wants to make it big in the world of comedy and so leaves her hometown to find fame in London. Due to her looks and the fact she's a woman, her aspirations are initially thwarted and she ends up working at a department store. Barbara does end up getting an agent but is still faced with sexism as she tries to pursue her dreams. DON'T MISS...John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts [REACTION]Funny Woman cast explained as Sky's 60s sitcom welcomes A-list stars [CAST]Big Sky season 4 release: Producer drops disappointing update  [UPDATE] Starring as the show's lead is actress Gemma Arterton who got her big break in 2007 as a Bond Girl in the 2007 movie Quantum of Solace alongside Daniel Craig. From then, she went on to star in Clash of the Titans, Vita and Virginia, Tamara Drewe, Tess of the D'Urbervilles and The King's Man. She was also part of the cast of the hit West End musical production of Made in Dagenham. Arteton opened up to What to Watch on what she loved about starring in Funny Woman. She explained: "Barbara Parker is very relatable to and I can relate to her a lot. "She's quite silly. She's got a lot of comedy in her bones, and yet, you know, she's quite glamorous. "She's a real clown, but a real working-class girl. You know she's not perfect, although she's very ambitious, and sometimes it takes a lot out of her. "But the audience is just going to love her. She's so very lovable." Funny Woman starts on Sky Max and NOW on Thursday, February 9, at 9pm.