Liverpool could still thrash out four deals today to agree terms with players who are out of contract in the summer, despite the fact the transfer deadline came and went last night. The Reds have endured an egregious season this time around and have fallen to ninth in the Premier League table after winning just eight of their 19 matches. And Express Sport takes a look at the four stars they could snap up ahead of the summer. Thomas Lemar Liverpool are in desperate need or midfield reinforcements, with the ageing Fabinho, Thiago and Jordan Henderson all struggling to have the impact they had on the team last season. France international Thomas Lemar has spent the last four-and-a-half years with Atletico Madrid after joining the club from Monaco. But it doesn’t appear as if he will sign fresh terms in Spain as Atletico look to cut their wage bill. And the 27-year-old attacking midfielder certainly has all the characteristics needed to succeed in England if he did opt for a move to Anfield. Houssem Aouar If a move for Lemar doesn’t work out, Klopp could instead go after Lyon midfielder Houssem Aouar. The 24-year-old came through the academy at his current club and has gone on to bag 41 goals and 35 assists in 224 first-team appearances. MUST READ: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline    Aouar has been hit with injuries throughout the current campaign and has been in and out of the side. But he would certainly give Klopp a fresh option at the heart of the Reds team if the German can persuade the player to head for the Premier League. Evan Ndicka Liverpool also need to bolster their defence after struggling to shut out opposition attacks this campaign. Evan Ndicka could be the prime candidate to come in and partner Virgil van Dijk at centre-back after starring in Germany for Eintracht Frankfurt over the last four-and-a-half seasons. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute   The 23-year-old helped his team win the Europa League last season and played in all six of their Champions League group games this time around as Frankfurt secured their place in the last 16 of Europe’s top club competition. Inigo Martinez Liverpool could also target Athletic Bilbao centre-back Inigo Martinez. The 31-year-old, who has won 19 caps for Spain, has struggled with knee and foot injuries this season but has racked-up over 350 La Liga appearances throughout his career. Although he didn’t make his country’s squad for the World Cup, Martinez won two of his caps last year. And his experience at club and international levels could come in handy for Klopp’s team. 