Father Brown (played by Mark Williams) is going to be put in a tricky position this afternoon (February 3) when his friendship with the thief Hercule Flambeau (John Light) is put to the test. Flambeau is on the run and accused of a series of brutal murders. A familiar face will also be popping in Kembleford to warn of these sinister goings-on. Despite being told to keep out of the manhunt, Father Brown gets involved to try and defuse the situation. Part-time crook Flambeau believes his current dilemma is linked to the sale of a gold bracelet which he stole and will be sold at auction. During the auction, a murder is committed which proves Flambeau has been right about his suspicions. As Father Brown, Flambeau and their friends try to get to the truth, the thief wants to find out why he has been set up. READ MORE: Coronation Street viewers ‘work out’ Stephen Reid’s next victim Hercule Flambeau - John Light John Light reprises his role as Hercule Flambeau, who is very much on the back foot this time having been a cunning thief stealing items from others in the past. The character features in G. K. Chesterton’s Father Brown novels and is a firm fixture within this world. Light has appeared in many films and TV shows over the years including North & South, Band of Brothers, Mars and Around the World in 80 Days. Some of his other credits include Midsomer Murders, Vera, WPC 65, DCI Banks and The Bill. He will next be starring in So More More Than Weak, which is in pre-production, according to IMDb. Light has been in and out of Father Brown since the show first back in 2013, appearing across 10 episodes in total. Teasing Light’s comeback, lead star Williams said: “We had Flambeau’s return, too. “That was a very good cut and thrust episode. There was a lot of swash buckle.” Sebastien Fleming/Edwin Blythe - Jolyon Coy Jolyon Coy takes on the part of Sebastien Fleming/Edwin Blythe, an auctioneer who is at the house when the murder takes place and becomes a suspect. Coy has appeared in Sky’s I Hate Suzie, A Spy Among Friends, All Creatures Great and Small, Mr Selfridge, War & Peace and Andor. Lila Tate - Cora Kirk Cora Kirk portrays waitress and murder suspect Lila Tate, who falls under suspicion. Kirk has starred in The Devil’s Light, Your Christmas or Mine?, After Everything and Midsomer Murders. DON'T MISS...Pamela Anderson 'realised no one has perfect childhood' in look-back [INSIGHT]EastEnders' Lola Pearce makes devastating discovery about childhood [SPOILERS]My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss [PICTURES] Lester Garrick - Geoffrey Newland Geoffrey Newland is buyer Lester Garrick, who will be yet another suspect and may know more about the gold bracelet than he’s letting on. Newland counts credits in Outlander, Marionette, Coronation Street, Flowers in the Attic: The Origin and The Chernobyl Fallout. Joe Bloom - Eddie Eyr Eddie Eyr assumes the mantle of the auction house’s security guard Joe Bloom, who is murdered. Among his projects are Game of Thrones, Ransom, EastEnders, The Athena, Netflix’s Cursed and The Walk-In. Father Brown airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is available as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer