Doing lots of different laundry loads can be expensive, and so many people often mix various different colours together with a normal detergent. However, this can cause clothes such as white tops and socks to stain, even though they are clean. To help remove these stains, a laundry expert has advised using baking soda and white vinegar for various laundry chores. White vinegar can help loosen stubborn dirt from clothing as well as soften towels without the need for harsh detergents and fabric softeners. Baking soda is great for several jobs such as deodorising items, great for pet blankets, as well as brightening whites. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, explained: “As your clothing gets older and more worn, it becomes increasingly defenceless against the harsh chemicals in laundry detergents. “A cheap and gentle substitute for detergent is a solution of baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts “Add half a cup of both ingredients into your washing machine’s compartment before a cycle, and it’ll brighten and clean your clothing as well as neutralise any unwanted scents.” If you have any stubborn stains on your clothing, white vinegar can be used along with water as a pre-treatment, to avoid the need for commercial products. Simply add an equal ratio of white vinegar and water into a spray bottle before spraying the target area, leaving it for 10 to 15 minutes. Deyan then recommended gently dabbing the stain with a sponge or cloth. He noted: “Baking soda can also be used to absorb any excess grease and oils. DON'T MISS:Kitchen pro shares how to optimise kitchen storage for free [COMMENT]10 crucial jobs to get your garden ready for spring [INSIGHT]Four houseplants ‘most effective’ at removing mould from your home [EXPLAINER] “Just leave it on the target area for 20 minutes before brushing or vacuuming it away. White vinegar also has the same conditioning properties as fabric softener. “Unlike fabric softener, it also prevents a build up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their colour. “Just add half a cup of distilled white vinegar to your washing machine’s detergent compartment before you run a cycle.” To help save money on energy bills, Britons are being advised to wear their clothing for longer because not every piece of clothing needs to be washed after one use. READ MORE: 10 kitchen updates to ‘boost the appeal and value’ of your home This is especially true for items such as jumpers and sweatshirts or jeans and leggings. Instead, make a deodorising spray at home to help keep them fresh. The cleaning expert said to mix water and vinegar into a spray bottle and add a few drops of your favourite essential oil in before giving it a mix. Once combined, simply spray the solution over clothing and it’ll help to remove any musty or smoky odours as well as pet smells. Deyan continued: “Then, when ready to wash your item, add half a cup of lemon juice or vodka to the washing machine to leave your clothes looking clean and smelling fresh. “Always check the label. Some items are too delicate to wash even with baking soda and white vinegar, so make sure you check the label first. “Some items, like silk, will need to be hand washed and others might need to be cleaned by a professional.” White vinegar can be purchased from various different stores for as little as 29p, while baking soda can be found in supermarkets for as little as 89p. Always check the label of the clothing before washing it with white vinegar and baking soda to avoid damage.