Rishi Sunak cannot "deal with China" in the same way as the US, an intelligence expert has warned. An ex-MI6 chief has said Number 10 can't follow Washington's response to the Chinese space balloon and following incursions, despite the possibility that similar devices have overflown the UK. Instead, the country will have to make "political considerations" as the Government is not as powerful as its counterparts across the Atlantic. Speaking to BBC Breakfast this morning, Nigel Inkster, former Director of Operations and Intelligence at MI6, touched on the possibility of a similar escalation in the UK. He doubted that similar incursions were likely, but said it was possible balloons have passed unnoticed in the sulkies above the UK. Mr Inkster said: "It may be that these balloons - or something like them - have overflown the UK at very high altitudes and for similar reasons (to the US) and nobody has noticed them." The UK may shoot down the objects if they stray into British airspace, something Mr Sunak has signalled he is willing to do. READ MORE: US recovers sensors from debris of suspected Chinese spy balloon The intelligence expert added: "If they wanted to shoot one of these objects down under international law, it would be entirely within its rights to do so." While possible, the UK is fighting a much different battle, Mr Inkster added. He said: "But I think there will need to be a degree of political consideration applied to this. "After all, the United Kingdom is not the United States, we're not a global superpower. We have to deal with China from a rather different perspective from what Washington does." Government ministers have confirmed that the UK may have had a brush with spy balloons previously. Transport minister Richard Holden said it was "possible" that balloons have entered British airspace. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has ordered a review to determine previous incidents. And Prime Minister has vowed rapid action should any unidentified objects cross into British territory. Speaking on February 13, he said the Government has a specialised response force for such issues. He told broadcasters: “I want people to know that we will do everything it takes to keep the country safe. "We have something called the Quick Reaction Alert Force which involves Typhoon planes which are kept on 24/7 readiness to police our air space. “I can’t go into detail on national security matters, but we’re in constant touch with our allies and we’ll do whatever it takes to keep our country safe."