Red Bull’s car launch was thrown into confusion last Friday after F1 boss Stefano Domenciali decided against going up on stage. The F1 CEO reportedly made the decision due to concerns it would send the wrong impression to other teams including Ferrari and Mercedes. Domenicali was called on stage by event hosts Marty Smith and Giselle Zarur after announcing Ford’s new partnership with the reigning champions. However, Domenicali opted to remain on the sidelines as the baffling incident unfolded. Smith said: "I don't see him coming hut he is here. He is here somewhere, Is Stefano coming”. Zarur added: “Knock knock. He’s coming he’s coming” At one stage, Max Verstappen suggested he was hiding backstage as the team scrambled to fill airtime. However, the 57-year-old made a late call to ditch his appearance despite being present at the Classic Car Club in New York. READ MORE: Red Bull showed 'a fake' RB19 at car launch as details emerge According to ESPN, he felt it was inappropriate to hog the stage during the team’s announcement. He apparently felt it may have looked wrong to appear at a Red Bull event at the launch of the new car when other constructors will also be presenting new designs in the coming days. However, the issue arose due to the late communication from F1 bosses, leaving the event hosts scrambling around on stage. Smith and Zarur managed to salvage the situation as they quickly asked Daniel Ricciardo about his Red Bull future. A couple of minutes later, they confirmed Domenicali would not be available to join the stage and wrapped up proceedings. Ford will join F1 in a technical partnership with Red Bull from the 2026 season. DON'T MISSVerstappen shuts down 'absurd' claim made about him by Red Bull chief [INSIGHT]Verstappen bullish as Red Bull star refuses to follow Horner narrative [ANALYSIS]Mercedes and Red Bull to receive bonus after accepting F1 rule change [COMMENT] Red Bull’s current partnership with Honda will end in 2025 with the team already looking at options for the new regulations. The team had entered into negotiations with Porsche but talks fell through over the summer. Domenicali instead issued a statement explaining his joy at Ford’s decision to join the grid from 2026. He explained: “The news today that Ford is coming to Formula One from 2026 is great for the sport and we are excited to see them join the incredible automotive partners already in Formula One. “Ford is a global brand with an incredible heritage in racing and the automotive world and they see the huge value that our platform provides with over half a billion fans around the world.”