EastEnders star Maisie Smith, 21, and The Wanted singer Max George, 34, have been very candid about their relationship ever since they went public last September. Fans have been inundated with loved-up snaps from the smitten Strictly Come Dancing stars, but their latest Valentine’s Day post has caused a stir for all the wrong reasons. Instagram users were quick to brand the couple’s bedroom snap “inappropriate”. It comes after Max and Maisie posed while cuddling on a bed covered in rose petals to celebrate the romantic occasion. The pair branded Tuesday “love day”, as Maisie put on a leggy display in red heels to match the petals on the duvet. Max then posted a selfie cuddling his girlfriend on the bed, while showing off his arm tattoo of Maisie’s face. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce However, it was the last photo the couple shared that caused the backlash.  Fans spotted a gift bag from controversial designer brand Balenciaga on the bed, surrounded by red balloons.  The brand were at the centre of a scandal in October 2022 for sharing a campaign featuring children carrying inappropriate teddy handbags.  Balenciaga was slammed for products shown in the photoshoot. The campaign images showed toddlers holding teddy bears dressed in BDSM outfits. Instagram user @kimberlydoc28x fumed and Maisie and Max: “Balenciaga really?? What chance do we have if people with your two platforms are sharing this!” je55_1ca_ added: “Who’s still buying balenciaga after all what’s come out.” tiah_mcintosh went as far as unfollowing the duo for their post, writing: “Balenciaga is not the one....unfollowed.” DON'T MISS:Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova goes braless in show-stopping silk gownJoan Collins dons bikini in Valentine's Day tribute to husband PercyDick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer _liam_keeling_ replied: “Balenciaga ffs You can’t support that surely!”  leannek_decoratingservices commented: “Balenciaga and red shoes wow! Like a lot of the famous people supporting the wrongens of the world.”  Some fans defended the duo, with mrskatiexoxo writing: “there so much hate on this. leave them alone !!”  hayleyrose85 said: “Some of the comments on here just screeeam jealousy It’s cringey.” The fury aimed at Maisie and Max comes after Balenciaga's campaign pictures featured a book by an artist whose work includes paintings of “toddlers engaged in playful but mysterious acts with sinister overtones and insinuations of violence”. Celebrities who promoted the brand, including Kim Kardashian, spoke out against the campaign following the backlash. The reality TV star’s statement on the situation read: “I have been quiet for the past few days, not because I haven’t been disgusted and outraged by the recent Balenciaga campaigns, but because I wanted an opportunity to speak to their team to understand for myself how this could have happened. "I appreciate Balenciaga’s removal of the campaigns and apology. "As for my future with Balenciaga, I am currently re-evaluating my relationship with the brand, basing it off their willingness to accept accountability for something that should have never happened to begin with — the actions I am expecting to see them take to protect children,” she concluded. Balenciaga has since filed a lawsuit against production company North Six, Inc., which designed the photoshoot set. The designer also promised to work with “organisations who specialise in child protection and aims at ending child abuse and exploitation”. 