Former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Sandro was filmed making an X-rated comment about Arsenal on Tuesday night. The Brazilian met fans outside the San Siro ahead of the Champions League last 16 first leg and aimed fun at the club's north London rivals with a popular chant. Sandro spent over four years at Spurs after joining from Internacional in his homeland in March 2010. He made 106 appearances, primarily as a holding midfielder under Harry Redknapp, Andre Villas-Boas and Tim Sherwood. Suffering a 4-1 defeat against Arsenal on his debut was a grim introduction to life in the English capital. And his animosity with the Gunners will have grown throughout his Tottenham stay in one of the country's biggest rivalries. Tottenham fans took warmly to Sandro, labelling him 'Beast' for his tenacity and intensity in the heart of the side. And he was all smiles when joking about Arsenal with supporters in Milan ahead of Tuesday's mouth-watering Champions League clash. JUST IN: Leeds next manager - Whites take massive Michael Skubala Everton risk  Twitter user @N17_SAUL posted a video in which he grabbed Sandro's attention before starting a popular chant at the expense of Arsenal. "What do we think of Arsenal?" he shouted. Sandro responded: "S**t!" "What do we think of s**t?" he then asked. "Arsenal!" Sandro answered back, much to the delight of the crowd around him. Sandro ended his spell at Tottenham in 2014, joining Queens Park Rangers, where he played for three years, including a loan stint at West Bromwich Albion. But the love is clearly still there between the 33-year-old and the Spurs faithful, who will hope Antonio Conte can take them on a memorable European run this season. DON'T MISS Barcelona boss Xavi devising 'special plan' to deal with RashfordArsenal offer Jesus update for Man City clash as pressure on Nketiah Van der Vaart tells Tottenham that Ziyech would 'solve' their problems Tottenham narrowly topped Group D, despite winning just three of their six Champions League group games, ahead of Eintracht Frankfurt. And they would have hoped for a more straightforward last-16 draw than against the Serie A champions, who finished runners-up to Chelsea in Group E. Spurs still have plenty to play for this season, just two points behind fourth-place Newcastle United and preparing for an FA Cup fifth-round trip to Sheffield United. But fans - and Sandro - may be holding out hope for Manchester City to beat Arsenal to the Premier League title just as much as ending their trophy drought. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here