Believe it or not, there are currently three actors playing Batman in DC movies at the moment. This summer, Michael Keaton and Ben Affleck will be reprising their Bruce Waynes in multiverse movie The Flash. Meanwhile, in another reality, Robert Pattinson is returning as the Dark Knight in The Batman – Part II, set for release on October 3, 2025. If that wasn’t enough, Warner Bros are set to cast yet another incarnation of the Caped Crusader to be the Batman of the newly rebooted DCU franchise, overseen by The Suicide Squad’s James Gunn. The DCU will be the main shared universe for DC characters on film and TV going forwards, set in a different reality to the worlds of The Flash and The Batman. This new Caped Crusader will star in The Brave and the Bold, which is described by Gunn as “a very strange father and son story”. It’s a Batman and Robin movie with Bruce Wayne’s murderous son Damian – who he didn’t know existed – taking the mantle of his sidekick. With a new Dark Knight needed for the upcoming film there are two Hollywood A-listers currently leading the favourites in the bookies’ odds at 4-1. According to Ladbrokes: “Plenty will fancy their chances of getting the gig, but the early odds suggest it's a two horse-race between Jake Gyllenhaal and Oscar Isaac to play Batman next." Gyllenhaal was one of the actors originally considered for Christopher Nolan’s The Dark Knight trilogy and Isaac was considered by Matt Reeves for The Batman before Robert Pattinson bagged the role. Both actors are in their early 40s, so would be at a good age to play a middle-aged Batman with their Robin son in his early 20s. Here are the full odds for the favourites in the bookies’ race for the next Batman: READ MORE: Henry Cavill Superman can still return as James Gunn unveils new DCU Jake Gyllenhaal 4/1Oscar Isaac 4/1Henry Golding 13/2Scott Atkins 7/1Timothée Chalamet 8/1Nicholas Hoult 12/1Michael B. Jordan 12/1Liam Hemsworth 12/1Jon Hamm 12/1Jamie Dornan 14/1Mahershala Ali 20/1Lucas Hedges 20/1Dev Patel 20/1Joseph Quinn 20/1Kit Harington 20/1Richard Madden 20/1Regé-Jean Page 20/1Jensen Ackles 20/1Will Poulter 20/1John David Washington 25/1Taron Egerton 33/1