A mother has shared disturbing footage of her 10-year-old son being beaten on the same school bus her nine-year-old daughter was attacked on a week later. Jenni Berrios' is seeking justice after her daughter was preyed upon by a teen and another boy on the school route. In a new video shared by the 30-year-old mother, her son is seen doubling over in his seat as one of his peers repeatedly punches him. Ms Berrios told the Daily Mail her son and daughter's beatings took place within one week of each other. During the attack on her daughter and son, not one of their fellow students at the Coconut Palm K-8 Academy in Homestead, a city located 30 miles south of downtown Miami, Florida, is seen to intervene. “We have been [at the school] just a little more than a month, and this is just devastating,” Ms Berrios explained, adding that the family only recently moved out of a homeless shelter and into an apartment in the school district. The mother-of-four said her son had tried to defend his sister from a cafeteria bully the same day she was attacked. READ MORE: Horrific video shows nine-year-old girl brutally beaten by two boys on school bus The school called her about the incident, she says, but she was unable to pick up her children because her husband had their car at work. The attack carried on after lessons with her daughter beaten by a pupil Ms Berrios claims is the older brother of the cafeteria bully. “We have had to get my daughter another appointment with the concussion department, but it is a real struggle because they are booked for the year,” Ms Berrios shared of the girl’s recovery. “[My daughter] has constant headaches, a lot of nausea. She is not herself and she is not sleeping a lot which could be linked back to the emotional trauma she has suffered." DON'T MISSSecond politician shot dead in a car in a week [REPORT]Kamala Harris squirms in GMA interview [POLITICS]Chinese spy balloons have been collecting data for years [INSIGHT] Both children are reportedly being homeschooled while they recover from their assaults. "My husband has been forced to miss work and he doesn’t get personal time off but he obviously wants to be there for our kids,” Ms Berrios revealed. The teen responsible for the attack on Ms Berrios’ daughter was initially hit with a civil citation but later charged with criminal battery in juvenile court this week. Battery is an unlawful application of force directly or indirectly upon another person or their personal belongings, causing bodily injury or offensive contact. READ MORE: Two children dead after bus crashes into Quebec daycare centre - 'naked' driver subdued "Emotionally, I couldn't even last two minutes. I couldn't look at the video. Like any mother, I am destroyed. I fell to my knees and at that moment I said I have to do something," said the young girl's mother. "Another kid came out of nowhere and hit my son and he fell to his knees, and they started to hit him," she told Local News 10. The mother added: "All ages are on that bus, and it’s overfilled. "It’s very crazy because there’s all this yelling going on in the bus and the two adults on the bus – the bus (driver) and the bus aide, only sit in the front." The girl’s father expressed his outrage at the incident, vowing to launch protests in front of the school. “I want to set up a rally and confront the school head-on,” he wrote on Facebook. “The lack of security on the bus is ridiculous … The bullying must stop!!!” The Miami-Dade Schools Police released the following statement in response to the video of the attacked schoolgirl: "The safety and wellbeing of our students is of the utmost importance. "This school district goes to great lengths to promote the values of restraint and respect as well as using social media responsibly. We ask that parents reinforce these principles at home." Express.co.uk has reached out to Coconut Palm K-8 Academy for further comment.