Millions of children in the UK have either started half term today or will be enjoying it next week - and airports are expected to be busy with families eager for a break. Ahead of that much anticipated trip abroad it's important to take a look at what hand luggage allowances your airline has or you could face a hefty extra fee at the airport. Express.co.uk has outlined the current rules for Ryanair, easyJet, Jet2, TUI and British Airways. These cabin bag allowances have different policies, Manchester Evening News reports. Some airlines, for instance, only permit one bag per passenger while others allow tourists to carry additional items such as laptop bags separately. All passengers are allowed to bring one small personal bag for free, which must fit under the seat in front of you. It can be no larger than 40 x 25 x20 cm and you can check the bag is the correct size at the Bag Drop desk before going through security. Passengers who purchase Priority & 2 Cabin Bags are permitted to bring an additional 10kg wheelie bag (55 x 40 x 20cm) on board. This costs from €/£6 to €/£35.99, and is non-refundable. Oversized cabin baggage will be refused at the boarding gate, or where available, placed in the hold of the aircraft for a fee of €/£69.99 (fee subject to VAT on domestic flights at applicable government rates).   Passengers can bring one small bag per person for free which should be a maximum of 45 x 36 x 20cm (including wheels and handles) and needs to fit under the seat in front of you. It can weigh up to 15kg.  If you book an Up Front or Extra Legroom seat, you can bring a large cabin bag on board, measuring a maximum of 56 x 45 x 25cm, with prices starting from £7.99. There is also the option to book a large cabin bag from £5.99. Bags which are too big will have to go in the hold and you will be charged a fee of £39.99 for small cabin bags and £48 for large cabin bags. Jet2 passengers can bring one piece of hand luggage on board for free, weighing no more than 10kg and no larger than 56 x 45 x 25cm (including handles and wheels). You can also bring one small personal item on board such as a handbag, laptop bag or airport purchase, which should be placed under the seat in front of you. If your cabin bag is larger than this then it will need to be checked into the hold and you will have to pay an additional charge.   Each passenger (excluding infants) on a TUI Airways flight can bring one piece of hand luggage weighing up to 10kg with a maximum size of 55 x 40 x 20cm for free. Items such as laptops, handbags and airport purchases need to fit into this hand luggage. All British Airways passengers are allowed to carry one piece of hand luggage and one small item on board. Hand luggage must not exceed 56x45x25cm and the small item must be no bigger than 40x30x15cm. Both items can weigh up to 23kg each. Hand baggage which exceeds the allowance will be checked into the hold, although you won’t be charged excess baggage fees if it is within your checked baggage limit.  