The couple will be living with Martha Lloyd's (played by Sally Bretton) mother Anne Lloyd (Barbara Flynn) as Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) starts his new job with the local police force. Martha meanwhile will be starting her own business. Actors Sally and Barbara joined Charlie Stayt and Nina Warhurst on BBC Breakfast to tease details of the first Beyond Paradise episode. Charlie slightly put his foot in it when he mentioned Barbara had suffered an accident while filming Beyond Paradise. However, Barbara was quick to clarify it was not as a result of Kris, who plays clumsy Humphrey and is often seen almost breaking Anne's porcelain trinkets in the BBC series. Charlie remarked: "There's a bit of a clumsy theme because am I right in thinking you had an accident of some kind?" Barbara explained: "Oh during filming you mean? Yes, we haven't really talked about that but yes." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "Do we not want to talk about that?" Charlie asked. "Well, that's not talk about that." However Barbara continued: "No, Kris wasn't involved in that. No, no." "I wasn't suggesting he was to blame," Charlie laughed. The actress added: "I did but in London completely disassociated with it but hopefully it won't be noticed." Barbara has previously spoken about how Anne is initially "bewildered" by Humphrey. She explained: "Anne’s relationship with Humphrey is not as plain sailing as, ‘Oh, my goodness me, this man is in love with my daughter, I'm going to open my gate’. "She finds him rather bewildering and astonishingly... tall! "In a way, in this first series, the relationship between the mother-in-law - if indeed they do marry and stay together - is not totally decided. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise stars tease Martha struggle as her past life revisited [EXCLUSIVE]Dylan Llewellyn is the youngest of the Beyond Paradise stars [EXPLAINER]Don Warrington has been in Death in Paradise from the very beginning [INSIGHT] "It’s a discovery, it's nice and really enjoyable." Explaining what can be expected from her character, she continued: "Anne is a little bit at sea at the moment; in her life down in Shipton Abbott with her husband and Mottie (Martha) growing up. "She would have been an easy woman who is very supportive to her husband and her daughter, knowing that the relationship ups and downs in families grow and change. "At that time, she was probably joining a lot of groups and knowing most people in the area because it’s quite a close-knit community. "Her husband dies and that changes a bit, but she still continues and tries to find the old life. "She's quite a jolly person. She's not overly accommodating. She has a relationship with her daughter that is very interesting, special and real. "It's beautifully drawn by the writing and has a reality to it that I've enjoyed." Beyond Paradise airs Friday on BBC One at 8pm.