Queen Maxima, 51, King Willem-Alexander, 55, and Princess Amalia, 19, are on a royal tour Of The Dutch Caribbean Islands. The trio look overjoyed wherever they go and the reactions from the public are equally ecstatic.  The scenes from the current royal tour are a complete contrast to Kate Middleton and Prince William's royal tour to the Caribbean back in March 2022. The Prince and Princess of Wales were accused of being tone-deaf due to the colonial imagery that came out of the trip. William also expressed "profound sorrow" over the history of slavery in a speech when in Jamaica, as opposed to saying "I'm sorry", which led to some controversy. Andrew Holness, the Prime Minister of Jamaica, told Kate and William that the country was "moving on". READ MORE: Meghan started doing 'useless gesture' after meeting Harry  Mr Holness added: "We intend to … fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country." This came just one year after Barbados, another Commonwealth country, decided to become a republic. Why have Maxima, Willem-Alexander and Amalia been received so warmly in contrast? Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how their body language differs from that of William and Kate's.   She claimed: "Kate and William paid an homage to the late Queen and William’s beloved grandmother at certain key moments during their body language rituals on their Commonwealth tour. "By doing this, they were presenting a rather retro set of body language signals. "Meanwhile, Willem and Maxima look far more current, and their body language signals suggest a low-status approach that might ingratiate on a more effective level." When visiting Aruba, Queen Maxima, who grew up in Argentina, let her hair down during a public dance and performed fantastically. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  Judi commented: "Maxima keeps her head down and her face hidden as she arrives for this dance routine, which is a signal of modest low status. "However, she also makes some really good moves in terms of the dance itself, which would be much more of a rapport-building ritual." By doing this, the Dutch royals are paying "non-verbal respect" to the island of Aruba. Judi opined: "She and her husband pay non-verbal respect to the country they are visiting here, participating with a sense of humility."  Kate and William were not on the same wavelength as Maxima and Willem-Alexander, the body language expert argues. Judi added: "William and Kate might not have intentionally breached the cultural power signals on their visit. "But some of the more traditional, retro appearances might have created certain status barriers harking back to a time when the late Queen was seen as the ruler of the Commonwealth and a much more regal presence." 