Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has warned he cannot devise a plan to stop Vinicius Junior in their upcoming Champions League last-16 tie due to the threat posed by his Real Madrid team-mates. The Reds are due to take on the La Liga giants at Anfield on Tuesday in a rematch of last year's final and, while Klopp knows that Vinicius will be difficult to keep quiet, his side must not focus solely on the Brazilian. The Merseyside outfit will need no reminder of the 22-year-old's ability after his goal proved to be the difference in the Champions League final in May, with Madrid emerging as 1-0 winners in Paris. Vinicius has also scored 16 goals in all competitions for Los Blancos this season, making him their top goalscorer, and the Brazil international is expected to line up in the Madrid frontline again when Carlo Ancelotti's side arrive at Anfield on Tuesday. But Klopp believes that he cannot ignore the threat posed by his colleagues such as Karim Benzema and Federico Valverde, as well as naming three other players who could put Liverpool to the sword in the first leg. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp begins mind games with Real Madrid admission "We always try to deny passes to him [Vinicius], but if you defend him, then there's Benzema," Klopp said in a news conference. "If you defend them there is Valverde or Rodrygo. If you defend them all, you have Toni Kroos, Luka Modric or [Aurelien] Tchouameni that can fire one in from 25 yards." At one point in the conference, Klopp was left bemused by a question asking if he had seen Vinicius do anything provocative on the pitch after being racially abused by opposition fans, and the Liverpool boss offered a strong response to those who have abused him. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'eye up free deal' for Adrien Rabiot to solve midfield woesLiverpool target Mount's comments prove he's perfect player for KloppLiverpool's win over Newcastle causes problems for duo "There's nothing in the world that could justify that [racial abuse], whatever he's doing on the pitch, it would be nothing," Klopp said. "Imagine I would say 'yes, this part of his game would cause it'... it's completely insane. No, nothing. "As far as I know, he's a world-class player and you should not leave him a lot in one-on-one situations or alone. He was, that night, at a really young age and didn't get passed by, the way it went. In the final, he was in the decisive moment, that makes him a Real Madrid legend at a young age. "And I hope he's not passed by any idiots who would say something, but I have not read about it."