With the cost of living crisis still causing large expenses for many, experts recognise that people are looking for ways to save money on fuel. While motorists can alter their habits and the way they drive to save on petrol and diesel, there are other ways to save money without being behind the wheel. From Texaco to Sainsbury’s, various petrol stations and supermarkets offer cashback schemes and loyalty cards to encourage customers to use their services. Every time you buy fuel at a particular station, you simply have to swipe your loyalty card and points are then awarded. BP, for example, offers a loyalty scheme where if a driver earns 200 points, they’ll be able to claim £1 off their fuel or shop purchases. READ MORE: Škoda offering £1,000 free fuel voucher to UK drivers With a Tesco Clubcard, drivers can earn one point for every £2 spent every time they fill up at the supermarket’s petrol station. As the nation continues to grapple with the accelerated cost of living, these incentives can go a long way. Some supermarkets will also launch special events to help motorists deal with the high petrol and diesel prices. Most recently, Morrisons unveiled its latest offer where all customers who spent £35 in-store between February 9, and February 19, received a coupon giving them 5p off every litre of fuel purchased. DON'T MISSE10 petrol changes add £300 to fuel bills - 'real blow' [SHOCKING]Fuel 'gamblers' risk fines and penalty points if they run out [WARNING]Electric car charging network needs to be 'prioritised' before 2030 [COMMENT] Graham Conway, of Select Car Leasing, urged drivers to be aware of how much and when they are topping up their fuel tanks. He said: “Every time you fill up your tank, be sure to only top up what your car requires at the time. “A top tip to keep up with your top-ups is to keep a consumption notebook in your glove box or keep a record on the notes app on your phone. READ MORE: Clever parking method can help commuters save £1,200 a year “For every visit to the petrol station, note down how much fuel you put in your car to get from A to B. “In this ever-changing economy, be sure to record your fuel consumption in litres and not in pounds.” A clear plan like this can help drivers keep on top of their consumption and ensure they are not wasting any fuel along the way. This can also help with other fuel-saving tips, as drivers will be able to track which hypermiling methods work best for them. While the initial costs of trading in a petrol or diesel-dependent vehicle for an electric vehicle may be high, the long-term financial benefits are sure to pay off. It’s also why leasing an electric vehicle could be a much more affordable route into EV enjoyment, Mr Conway suggested. He added: “An electric vehicle can save motorists money on fuel and it could also be more cost-effective to maintain. “That’s because there are fewer moving parts with an EV than with a traditional petrol or diesel-powered car, which often results in cheaper servicing costs.”