If you're planning on buying your significant other flowers to celebrate Valentine's Day, you may want to think twice before picking a classic rose arrangement, according to experts. While roses are an all-time favourite, it has been revealed they are not as easy to maintain as other cut flowers. With this in mind, Easy Garden Irrigation have analysed some of the most popular cut Valentine’s Day flower choices and ranked them from the easiest to the hardest to maintain. The experts looked at the plant's characteristics which included their life expectancy once cut, how often they need a water change, whether they need pruning and the climates they need to thrive. The analysis revealed that cut carnations are the easiest cut flowers to maintain at home as they can last up to three weeks if they are cared for correctly. However, cut peonies trailed in last place as the most difficult cut flowers to look after. The easiest to most difficult cut flowers to care for: READ MORE: Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’  Carnations are beautiful and are the easiest cut flower to maintain. They are a long-lasting choice and require minimal time and attention to look healthy and bright. Carnations can last for a mammoth three weeks and only need their water changing two to three times each week, making them a great option for those with a busy schedule. Roses are not the most difficult to care for, however, they came in second to last place out of the five most popular flower options for Valentine's Day. The reason for this is that roses have one of the shortest average life spans among the group. On average, roses last for just seven days and require a water change every two to three days which can make them more tricky to maintain and keep happy. DON'T MISSEasiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ [INSIGHT]Lawn job to do ‘now’ to ‘save time’ come spring - avoids ‘dying’ grass [UPDATE]Paving expert shares 4 common items to ‘avoid’ cleaning slabs with [ANALYSIS] However, regardless of the flowers you're planning on buying, there are certain tips that can help prolong your cut flowers for longer. Sean Lade, gardening expert and director of Easy Garden Irrigation has shared his top tips on how to care for cut flowers so that you can enjoy them for as long as possible. He said: “Valentine's Day is a special occasion, and nothing says 'I love you' quite like a bouquet of flowers. But, after a while, they can start to wilt and lose their beauty. To ensure that your flowers last as long as possible, here are a few simple tips you can do." As soon as you receive flowers, or as soon as you get them home from the shop, cut the stems about an inch from the bottom, at a 45 degree angle. This will allow them to take in more water and help them "last longer", according to Sean. If you wish, you can repeat this every few days to help your flowers take in as much water as possible. READ MORE: Revive ‘wilting’ hydrangeas ‘in seconds’ with simple tips Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sean said: "Make sure to change the water in the vase every other day to keep it fresh. Debris and bacteria in the water can cause the flowers to wilt and fade faster. If possible, use rainwater as it is much purer than common tap water." Most florists and supermarkets provide flower food with a bouquet, which helps to nourish the flowers and keep them fresh. However, if you don't have flower food, you can instead use a teaspoon of sugar or pop a penny inside the vase. Keeping your flowers in a cool, dark place is key to maintaining their health and longevity. When they are exposed to too much sun, the delicate petals can start to wilt and fade. Also, keep them away from heat, as this can dry out the petals. Regularly remove any leaves that fall into the water, and cut off any wilted or yellowing leaves. This will help to prevent bacteria growth and keep your bouquet looking fresh. Sean added: "By following these simple tips, you can help your Valentine's Day flowers last longer and enjoy their beauty for days to come."