Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly cut a frustrated figure as he was caught on camera watching from the stands during the Blues' goalless draw with Fulham on Friday evening. The American billionaire, along with Clearlake Capital, has pumped an unprecedented £600million worth of transfer investment into the club over the past few months. Some of Chelsea's most expensive acquisitions were on show at Stamford Bridge, including £107m-man Enzo Fernandez, fresh from a scintillating World Cup with Argentina and a deadline day saga that dominated the back pages. The Argentine was thrown straight in at the deep and and impressed with his tough tackling, decision making and accurate passing. Kepa Arrizabalaga pulled off a couple of smart saves, Conor Gallagher showed admirable energy and the centre-back pairing of Thiago Silva and Benoit Badiashile held out well to keep a clean sheet. That's where the positives end for Chelsea, however, as Fulham were well worth the point with a gritty performance overseen by manager Marco Silva. JUST IN: Arsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugular The Blues' lack of cutting edge came to the fore yet again as Kai Havertz, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Hakim Ziyech tried and failed to affect the game. Mudryk was even hauled off at the interval after a dreary first-half display in which he misplaced passes and appeared to lack confidence. It all got too much for Boehly, who was caught on camera in the 81st minute looking thoroughly fed up in the directors' box. That much seems understandable for a man who, along with his co-owners, has broken the spending record for one club in a single window twice in a matter of months. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have Jorginho issue they wouldn't suffer with Caicedo or RiceMan Utd break silence on Mason Greenwood with 31-word statementChelsea's best XI after eight signings in wild January transfer window Qualifying for the Champions League would provide Chelsea with a valuable cash injection for next season, which would be warmly welcomed by those trying to keep the club in line with FFP restrictions. More dropped points leave Graham Potter's side with plenty of ground to make up, however. Fourth-place Manchester United are nine points ahead of the Blues, despite having played one game less, and they can extend that lead by beating Crystal Palace at home on Saturday. Former Red Devils star Gary Neville was among those to dissect Friday night's draw and he fired a warning about Boehly's ambitious plans.  "It was a really basic performance from Chelsea," Neville told Sky Sports. "They spent so much - you can’t get away from the money, you cannot get away from the money. It is absolutely jaw-dropping. It is staggering. £600m has been spent in four months of a new ownership. "Obviously Todd Boehly and his consortium, they’re trying to break the mould, but they’re going to have to be really patient because no one has ever done this before, what they’ve done, and you can probably see at this moment in time why - because it’s so difficult to integrate a team together so quickly." FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing! 