Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has suggested that Jadon Sancho has a few more substitute cameos to come before he returns to the starting line-up. Many fans want Sancho to start against Leeds United on Sunday amid injury issues among Ten Hag's attack, but they may be made to wait. The 22-year-old winger returned to action against Nottingham Forest at the start of February, coming off the bench on the hour mark of the 2-0 Carabao Cup win. And Ten Hag introduced him in the second half again against Leeds at Old Trafford on Wednesday, needing an impact to overturn United's two-goal deficit. Sancho produced one of his best performances since joining the Red Devils in 2021 to help fight back to draw 2-2. His impact has led to plenty of suggestions that he should start on the right in Antony's absence at Elland Road. But while Ten Hag has acknowledged that he's improving after a three-month hiatus, the Dutchman hinted that there are still steps to take before he restores his starter status. He told Sky Sports: "He's growing. He's definitely in a better place than two or three months ago. JUST IN: Premier League officials have 'worst day ever' with four VAR mistakes "When he was away from the team, I think it was the right decision from him to do it. He worked hard on himself, and now he is back. Now he has to find himself back in the team. "That has to go step-by-step. Now he's coming from the bench, so I hope he can make the next steps." Ten Hag heaped praise on Sancho's display against Leeds in M16, netting the equaliser less than 10 minutes after Marcus Rashford headed United back into the game. And despite his current substitute role, the England international has been strongly backed by his manager to rediscover the level of performance that persuaded United to splash £72million for his signature. DON'T MISS Man Utd respond to Ronaldo complaints with 'multi-million revamp'Jurgen Klopp 'furious' with ex-Liverpool star as 'alarm bells ringing'Premier League explain reason for Chelsea's penalty denial vs West Ham "I think it's in his own hands. So if he wants, he can do - and this team is great to play in," Ten Hag added. "It will give you joy, but I really enjoy seeing him play the way he did with so much confidence, with so much belief, really direct. It was great to see him play in this attack. "It's clear it's a difficult period that he finds himself out of. I'm pleased, and I'm proud he did it. "So I will back him, the coaches will back him, the team is backing him and supporting him in this process, and finally, he has to do it by himself." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here