A friend of missing mum of two Nicola Bulley has revealed a text message she received minutes before she disappeared, the Mirror reports. A week on from Nicola's disappearance her friend revealed that she texted a friend about meeting up the following week with her kids. The friend said: “She booked a playdate, 8.57, she sent a text message to a friend whose mortgage she had just recently signed off on to arrange for the girls to go for tea this week.” The friend said the message indicates that Nicola had no intention of going missing. She said: “You wouldn’t have done that if you were going to get up and go missing." Nicola is also known to have logged onto a work call at the time of her disappearence, but with her camera and microphone off after her phone was found by a passer-by. Police confirmed that the phone was still logged into the call.  Police are continuing their search as it enters the seventh day after her parents launched an emotional appeal for imformation. Nicola's sister Louise Cunningham said the family is "stuck in a nightmare". She said: "We're going round and round in circles trying to piece together what could have possibly happened." Nicola's father Ernest Bulley, 73 said he last saw his daughter on Thursday saying her mind was "great" and she seemed "very upbeat". He added: “I gave her a kiss and told her I loved her and that was the last conversation I had with her.” READ MORE: Key witness in missing mum Nicola Bulley case indentified by police  Mr Bulley said her "two young children" are waiting for her to come home. In the emotional plea he said the two are convinced it is “only a matter of time” until she returns. He made a plea for information as he said: "If she’s watching this, then all we’d like to say is come home, contact the police, contact ourselves and we just want you back." Mr Bulley added: "They know that Mummy’s missing but they know that she’s going to be coming home and everyone is looking for her so it’s only a matter of time, that they’re thinking in their minds, that she’s going to walk through that door.”   Police have identified a number of witnesses who saw Nicola as she followed the dog walking route, which she knew well. The key moments before she went missing include:  Police continue to search the area where Nicola went missing, with investigators now using boats and divers checking waterways. Lancaster Police superintendent Sally Riley said the investigation remains a missing persons inquiry, as officers have not given a reason to suspect a criminal element. Supt Riley added: “We know that Nicola going missing has caused a great deal of concern for the wider local community, as well as obviously being an awful time for her family. “This remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance."  