In his book, Prince Harry opened up about his fractured relationship with his family, particularly focusing on his brother, Prince William, and father, King Charles III. He delivered unprecedented honesty in Spare, detailing personal moments and interactions with members of the Royal Family and giving insight into life behind Palace walls. His revelations came amid speculation surrounding the King’s tolerance of Harry’s continued claims, with many suggesting that a line had been crossed when the Duke of Sussex launched several attacks on Queen Camilla. However, one royal insider has argued that Harry should not be written off and that there remains a possibility for reconciliation between him and his father. Arthur Edwards, The Sun’s long-time royal photographer, shares a special relationship with the King, having captured his work from behind the camera for almost 50 years. He was a guest on an episode of Hello! Magazine’s A Right Royal Podcast last month and, speaking to hosts Andrea Camaano and Emmy Griffiths, argued there is still “great hope” for Harry. When Ms Camaano asked: “I've seen a lot of people say that maybe Prince Harry going for Camilla in the book, and writing what he did about Camilla, is the point of no return… Knowing him [King Charles] as you do, do you think that's true?”, Mr Edwards replied: “It’s his son. At the end of the day, it’s his son. I don’t think he’ll cut him completely off, I think he’ll try and keep some contact with him. Who knows what is going to happen in California.” He continued: “I don’t know what he [Harry] does all day with himself; he was such a busy guy here when he was Prince of the realm, but now I don’t know what he does — feed the chickens all day, walk the dogs, I don’t know. I’ve got great hope for him still. I wouldn't write Harry off. I feel he’s going through a pretty bad time.” READ MORE: Harry compares first meeting Camilla to an injection and 'begged' Charles not to marry her The photographer’s comments came just weeks after the publication of Harry’s tell-all memoir. Revelations in the book included claims that he and his brother begged their father not to marry Camilla after their mother Diana, Princess of Wales, died. He also alleged that he and William would not stand in the way of their father’s relationship with Camilla, but had asked him not to tie the knot for a second time, referring to the Queen Consort as the “Other Woman”. Charles had attempted to win his sons over before asking the public to accept his former mistress, the book claimed. Harry compared meeting his future stepmother for the first time to having an “injection”. He also noted Camilla’s alleged friendship with members of the press, indicating that the former Duchess of Cornwall had “sacrificed” him to improve her public reputation. During his interview with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes, the Duke said of Camilla: “She was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image. “The need for her to rehabilitate her image…that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that.” Since then, it has been reported that the Duke had crossed “Charles’ red line” by talking negatively about Camilla. An insider reportedly told the Sun that while Harry spared Charles, this has “very little currency” because of his attacks on the Queen Consort. They said: “His wife was his red line and Harry knew that before he sat down for these interviews.” Earlier in the month, another unnamed source said: “Camilla is Charles’s red line. If Harry trashes her then Charles could pull the plug, and Harry knows that.” While Mr Edwards does believe there is “still great hope” for Harry and his relationships with the Royal Family, he too questioned his criticism of Camilla. He said: “Harry is such a nice person. I remember covering Harry’s tours, and they were fun, they were brilliant and they were just magnificent. You could guarantee you’d get a picture in the paper every morning and it'd be something really brilliant. "And he would have contributed to that and he knew he was helping you do that. I remember him saying, ‘my main role is to help you guys get this stuff’ and he would do that. “Then he criticised Camilla for doing exactly the same thing because that's what she was doing — she was trying to help. You go on a job with our Queen and she's phenomenal. She really does everything possible to help you. And I've got nothing but huge admiration for the pair of them [Camilla and Charles].” Harry’s comments have led some to speculate whether he and his wife Meghan Markle will be invited to the King’s coronation, due to take place on May 6. So far, there has been no inclination that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex plan to return to the UK for the big day, and early reports of potential peace talks were shut down by sources close to Camp Sussex. Omid Scobie, royal reporter and co-author of Finding Freedom, claimed reconciliation talks are unlikely to be held before Charles is crowned. He told an episode of the Royally Obsessed podcast last month: “This possibility that Charles may be a driving force behind a reconciliatory moment, I actually heard from Palace sources — as have some of the other royal correspondents I’ve spoken to — who have all been told that there’s no truth in that story, that they were really surprised that this story had gone out because no conversation has actually gone that far. “They felt that maybe it was more of a projection of how people around the Royal Family feel it might go but it is not based on anything that family members have said privately. I know on the Sussexes’ side, they certainly aren’t aware of any kind of conversations like that. And I think the dust really hasn’t settled. “I would imagine that this moment would be a bit of a wake-up call for some family members, but I also think that people will remain incensed with Harry for some time. I thought it was almost a rose-tinted [view] for Harry to want reconciliation so soon after this book because I think that tempers need to fray and calm down.” Meanwhile, royal author Phil Dampier told Express.co.uk: “The King has always made it clear that the one thing he wouldn’t tolerate was criticism of Camilla, Prince Harry has crossed a red line with a cruel attack on the Queen Consort that has scuppered any hopes of a reconciliation with his father.”