Kevin McCarthy took to Twitter to hit back at Joe Biden's demands to "show me your budget and I’ll show you mine" ahead of their pivotal White House meeting. The pair are due to discuss their fiscal demands as they battle against time to avoid plunging the United States into default after the Treasury was forced to trigger "extraordinary measures" last week. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said the measures will stay in place until June to keep the US economy afloat but demanded immediate action from Congress to find a compromise. McCarthy said: "Mr. President: I received your staff’s memo. I’m not interested in political games. "I’m coming to negotiate for the American people." House Republicans have demanded Biden agree to spending cuts in exchange for their votes to raise the debt ceiling. The GOP wants to use the debt deadline as leverage to rein in federal spending but has been refused by Biden, who insists there should be no strings attached. Speaking ahead of their meeting, McCarthy added: "The President believes there's no place in Government you can't cut and have a saving for the working taxpayers. JUST IN: French protesters shout 'Macron wants our death' over pension reform as clashes break out  "There is so much waste out there and we've got to put ourselves back in the trajectory that balances it." At a fundraiser Tuesday in New York, Biden called McCarthy a “decent man” who was being pulled by demands from restive Republicans. “He made commitments that are just absolutely off the wall" in order to win the speaker's gavel, the President said. The US currently faces a debt of more than $31 trillion. READ MORE: China lashes out on ‘unscrupulous’ US after crackdown on Huawei The meeting between Biden and McCarthy is a potential repeat of the 2011-12 fiscal showdown when Barack Obama negotiated with the GOP before finally settling on a deal that Biden negotiated with Mitch McConnell to ease the crisis. Neil Bradley, vice president at the US Chamber of Commerce and a former top aide, warned that “just like in 2011, it's not going to be real kumbaya. Bradley, who was part of earlier Biden talks, added: “These are both seasoned leaders who understand what it takes to get things done in Washington.” The debt ceiling showdown carries echoes from 2011, when the House Republican “tea party” majority rose to power, demanding budget cuts and threatening a potentially catastrophic federal debt default. DON'T MISSUS tipped to suffer major losses in open conflict with China [REVEALED]Tyre Nichols was talented amateur skateboarder, friends' videos show [INSIGHT]Father of three ‘strangled’ kids begs for wife’s forgiveness [SPOTLIGHT] Earlier this week, the Treasury announced its plans to increase borrowing during the first three months of 2023, despite the Government bumping into its $31.4 trillion limit on its legal borrowing authority. The US plans to borrow $932 billion during the January-to-March quarter, $353 billion more than projected last October. The increased borrowing will take place as Democrats and the White House push for Congress to increase the federal debt limit. Treasury officials say the debate over the debt ceiling poses a risk to the U.S. financial position.