Lockwood and Co has gone down a huge hit on Netflix, attracting both newcomers and fans of the original books. The teen drama follows Anthony Lockwood (played by Cameron Chapman) and his London-based paranormal investigation company. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the series is filmed and set. The series brings Jonathan Stroud's first two books to life for the small screen. While fans may recognise some city hotspots, most of the series was filmed in Ealing Studios in London. Although the town where Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes) is originally from was in Chipping Campden in Gloucestershire. A set was built at Market Square Car Park, meanwhile, Lucy's trial was filmed down the road in the Old Police Station's courtroom. Lucy is next seen arriving at King's Cross station in London, where she walks past the Satchell's store. READ MORE: Lockwood and Co series 2 hopes as creator speaks out on show's future The store is actually Waterstones on Piccadilly, which was renamed for the show. Other locations include the Barbican Centre, with Anthony Lockwood's house located at 33 Claremont Square. The road may be recognised from the Harry Potter films, as 12 Grimmauld Place was actually number 23-29 Claremont Square. George Karim's (Ali Hadji-Heshmati) favourite place to research, the British Archives, was actually the SOAS Library in London. Meanwhile, the cemetery featured in the series is the Kensal Green Cemetery in northwest London. Many scenes were also shot at the Anglican Chapel temple, within its catacombs. As for the scenes featuring Anthony's friend Flo Bones (Hayley Konadu), they were filmed at the Old Pier at Crowleys Wharf Power Station in Greenwich. Viewers may have recognised Winkman's Emporium as the art gallery R.K. Burt and Co and The Gentlemen Baristas Borough coffee house in Union Street. Other notable locations include King Henry's Stairs old warehouses and the Queen Elizabeth II conference centre. DON'T MISS... Lockwood and Co boss on 'aging up' the castRuby Stokes' age explained as Lucy star shines in Lockwood and Co Norrie suffered a heartbreaking fate in Lockwood and Co Lockwood and Co is a contemporary story set about 50 years after 'The Problem', which saw ghosts take over at night. A newspaper clipping in the show's intro reveals that it started sometime in 1973. The series takes place in the present day, where ghosts have become the most dangerous threats in the world. There are some moments within the series which make viewers question the time period. For example, Lucy uses a cassette player to record her messages to her friend Norrie. Showrunner Joe Cornish explained why he wanted no mobile phones to feature in the series. He told Den Of Geek: "That was one of the things that attracted me as somebody who was a teenager in the ‘80s. "That was a pre-digital world, and Lockwood and Co is set in a world where the digital revolution never really happened. "So we wanted to, in some ways, invoke the world of youth culture as it used to be before the Digital Revolution, when there were printed magazines and newspapers and live gigs, and you met face to face rather than through a telephone. "We try to give everything this tactile, physical feel because that helps make the ghosts more real as well.”  Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now.