Leeds could hire another Marcelo Bielsa in the shape of Feyenoord boss Arne Slot after parting ways with Jesse Marsch earlier this week. Slot is the new favourite to take over at Elland Road after leading his current team to the top of the Eredivisie table. Leeds enjoyed a successful period under Bielsa as the former Argentina manager led the Whites to the Championship title in 2020. Bielsa has carved out a reputation for playing aggressive, high-intensity football and helped Leeds finish ninth during their maiden season back in the Premier League. But he was sacked last February after his side suffered a downturn in form, with Marsch coming in to replace him. Marsch kept Leeds in the Premier League last season but won just four of his 20 top-flight matches this time around as the Whites slipped towards the relegation zone. And he was relieved of his duties on Monday. Slot, who became Feyenoord boss in the summer of 2021, guided his side to the final of the Europa Conference League last season, where they were beaten by Jose Mourinho’s Roma. And the Dutchman could bring the same football philosophy as Bielsa did to Yorkshire after revealing exactly how he likes his teams to play ahead of that showpiece encounter. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    “We are an attack-minded team that likes to have a lot of the ball, and we play with a lot of intensity,” Slot explained. “When we don't have the ball, we want to win it back as quickly as possible by being aggressive and pressing to win back possession. I think we are a team that is difficult to beat. You [have to] focus on your opponent, the qualities they have and their weaknesses.” Before taking charge of Feyenoord, Slot enjoyed an 18-month spell with AZ Alkmaar and helped the side win 18 of their 25 Eredivisie matches during the Covid-hit 2019/20 campaign. The 44-year-old, who was an attacking midfielder during his playing days, has been attracting plenty of attention following an impressive start to his managerial career. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    After sacking Marsch, Leeds released a statement that read: “We would like to thank Jesse and his backroom staff for their efforts and wish them well for the future. The process of appointing a new head coach is underway and we will continue to keep supporters up to date throughout the coming days.” West Brom manager Carlos Corberan had been the frontrunner to replace Marsch but reportedly turned down a move to Elland Road and instead signed a new deal to remain in the west Midlands. Rayo Vallecano boss Andoni Iraola is also believed to be in the frame to take over at Leeds, while ex-Southampton mentor Ralph Hasenhuttl is thought to be on the club’s radar as well. 