A majority of Democrats now think President Joe Biden should step down from the Oval Office after one term, despite his insistence that he plans to seek re-election in 2024. That’s according to a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research which shows just 37 percent of Democrats say they want him to seek a second term, down from 52 percent in the weeks before last year’s midterm elections. It is a damning verdict not only on his presidency thus far, but also his ambitious vision for the country. Biden plans to splurge $2trillion on the economy to re-industrialise America and give it a technological edge over China. But voters seem more focused on the President's health than his achievements or political ambitions. Follow-up interviews with poll respondents suggest that many believe the 80-year-old’s age is a liability, with people focused on his coughing, his gait, his gaffes and the possibility that the world’s most stressful job would be better suited for someone younger. “I, honestly, think that he would be too old,” said Sarah Overman, 37, a Democrat who works in education in Raleigh, North Carolina. READ MORE: US tracking suspected Chinese spy craft in shape of giant balloon the size of three buses “We could use someone younger in the office." Overall, 41 percent approve of how Biden is handling his job as President, the poll shows - similar to ratings at the end of last year. A majority of Democrats still approve of the job Biden is doing, yet their appetite for a re-election campaign has slipped despite his electoral track record. Only 22 percent of US adults overall say he should run again, down from 29 percent who said so before last year’s midterm elections. DON'T MISSUS evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT] The decline among Democrats saying Biden should run again for President appears concentrated among younger generations. Among Democrats aged 45 and over, 49 percent say Biden should run for re-election, nearly as many as the 58 percent who said that in October. But among those under age 45, 23 percent now say he should run for re-election, after 45 percent said that before the midterms. Linda Lockwood, a Democrat and retiree from Kansas City, Kansas, said she is not that worried about Biden’s age. READ MORE: 'No Kumbaya': Battle over the debt ceiling rages as Biden and McCarthy set for sit down “He seems to be in pretty good condition in my opinion and that’s coming from a 76-year-old woman,” Lockwood said. “You might be a little more careful going down the steps as you get older, but if your brain is still working, that’s the important part.” Already the oldest president in US history, Biden has been dogged by questions about his age as he would be 86 if he serves a full eight years as president. He often works long days, standing for hours, remembering the names of strangers he meets while traveling who want to share a story about their lives with him. Polling suggests Trump's 2024 prospects are not much rosier, with 49 percent of Republicans wanting their nominee to be a figure other than Trump, according to the ABC-Washington Post poll. Trump has already launched his 2024 campaign but is expected to face opposition within his own party to capture the nomination. Polls indicate the 2024 Republican primary will pit former President Trump against Florida Governor Ron DeSantis.