Wetherspoons, much appreciated for its bargain beers and other drinks, is set to raise the price of its pints and meal deals. The meals will cost an extra 75p while pints are increasing by 29p as Tim Martin tries to compensate for a shortfall in profits. The giant pub chain spokesman, Eddie Gherson confirmed an increase in prices on food and drink of seven and a half percent. He emphasised this is several points lower than the current inflation rate which hovers at around 10 percent, and said the chain is still “competitive”, “even after the price increase”. Mr Gherson told the Daily Star: “Wetherspoon has increased prices on food and drink by 7.5 percent. “We believe that our prices are still very competitive in all the locations that we trade." READ MORE: Nicola Bulley’s friend identifies critical ‘blind spot’  According to recent figures, the average pub has increased its prices to match inflation. In November, it was reported that pubs had bumped up their prices by 9 percent. The new changes to Wetherspoon prices mean a pint of Carlsberg has risen from £2.39 to £2.57 while a Stella has gone up to £3.60 from £3.35. Leffe has also spiked up to £4.14. Don't miss...Town 'not easy on the eye' tops worst places to live in England list [LATEST]Putin launches fresh Ukraine bomb attack as Zelensky meets King [LATEST]School 'humiliates' pupils as 'food taken from plates' over lunch debt [LATEST] It comes as Danish beer company Carlsberg said they are likely to increase their prices this year because of inflation. The Drinks Business publication reported there could be a “high single-digit” price increase in 2023. Mr Gherson of Wetherspoons added: “Most businesses in the hospitality industry have had to deal with big price increases in the past year or two. “We have tried to keep our prices competitive, bearing in mind that customers have suffered from inflation too.  “The 7.5 percent increase is less than the rate of inflation.” Last month, JD Wetherspoon, which runs 844 pubs across Britain and Ireland, reported sales growth of 13.1 percent in the 25 weeks leading to January 22. This was a drop of 0.7 percent compared to pre-Covid levels for the same period. Wetherspoons has sold off 19 pubs and put another 35 on the market. The pub industry is facing difficulties due to the rise of maintenance costs such as energy, as well a hike in the cost of ingredients. The 35 other pubs for sale are located all over the UK.