Tens of thousands of pounds was discovered by a man as he renovated his new home. Spaniard Toño Piñeiro, from Valencia, recently moved into a home he planned to retire in, and found canisters containing £47,000's worth of cash. The money was contained within Nesquik cans, brimming with bank notes. But Mr Piñeiro was met with disappointment when he tried to cash in his unexpected fortune. He soon realised that the Bank of Spain no longer accepts the bank notes that he found, as they were discontinued in 2002. Mr Piñeiro said: "I called them, but they told me that it was no longer possible." As The Sun reports, Mr Piñeiro found five million pesatas – the old Spanish currency – but missed the June 2021 deadline to cash it. The Spaniard was able to bag himself £30,000, however, by trading in some more up-to-date currency from his haul. He added: "It paid for a new roof. "I guess they kept these containers to avoid humidity. The last ones were somewhat damaged, but the others weren't - they were ironed, it was incredible." Prior to buying the retirement home, the property had been abandoned for around 40 years. Mr Piñeiro bought the property when he saw it listed on Facebook. He will keep some of the discontinued bank notes as a souvenir, reminding him of the bizarre discovery he made in his new home. Neighbours living near the home said the house belonged to Manuel do Xentes, a worker at the Canabal brick factory and cattle dealer. Mr do Xentes died, leaving his fortune stuffed between the home's walls for four decades. Locals said that Mr do Xentes used to store his cash in farm machinery which proceeded to sell without realising. Mr Piñeiro also planned to sell some of the cash to collectors. Architect Pepe Cruz - whose father designed the 1970s notes - has already said he is interested in buying some. However, the value of the old cash has dropped after the market was flooded with old notes that can no longer be exchanged. DON'T MISSPriceless heart pendant celebrating Henry VIII's 1st marriage found [INSIGHT]Exhibition overturns understanding of ancient Egypt’s mummies [ANALYSIS]400-year-old French aristocrat chose to hold teeth in place with gold  [INSIGHT]