A homeless man has worked out he makes his local Tesco store more than £10,000 a year from generous passers-by buying him food and drink – and thinks the supermarket giant should give him a job. Ivor Morgan Lawrence, 50, from Tipton, West Mids, was working in a warehouse before he lost his job during Covid when orders dried up. Struggling to pay his rent Ivor was evicted before government safeguard measures were introduced and has been living on the streets of Birmingham for around two years. He said he is currently on a waiting list for housing.   Ivor, who suffers from arthritis, said he lost his wife to multiple sclerosis several years ago and both his parents have passed away meaning he had no family to ask for help. His only source of income has been money given to him by members of the public, who he said also often buy him food and drink. Ivor has calculated each generous passer-by probably spends around £3.50 to £4 on a meal deal or other food and drink for him around three times a day making at least £10.50 per day. Taking those figures for five days, £52.50, a month, £210, and for 52 weeks, Ivor said he could be making stories like Tesco more than £10,000 a year. Ivor said: “Imagine you take these figures for 100 stores with people like me outside, you would be talking over a million pounds. “It is hard for most hard working employed people to see any use or contribution that a beggar (or as we call ourselves, tapper) can be outside a shop or supermarket. “However, I would say we do contribute to the profit margin of a lot, if not all, of these retail emporiums. “Tappers on average “tapp” five days a week to get money for food, clothing to gain access to a hostel, shelter, bed and breakfast… and yes in some cases sadly, to buy drugs.” Ivor said he had heard many supermarkets have programmes to help the homeless but perhaps they could spare him a job as he has contributed so much to their profits. READ MORE: British Army would run out of ammunition 'in days' if forced to fight after Putin's threat He said: “If I can get a job, I can get back on track again. “I was working over in Tipton in a warehouse on orders and I wasn’t doing too badly to be fair, but the orders dried up during Covid and I lost my job. “There was a period of time before the government stepped in that your landlord was able to kick you out for not being able to pay your rent and I got caught up in that. “I was made homeless and I got sick with arthritis in my leg, so I was having to re-apply for housing benefit, I was alright at first but I missed two appointments. “I am trying to get a room at a hostel or HMO (house of multiple occupancy), but at the moment I go to a place which is £18 a night which is why I have to ask for money.” Express.co.uk have contacted Tesco for comment. Under the Vagrancy Act 1824 it is a crime to sleep rough or beg in England and Wales. People sleeping rough could face police action and a fine of up to £1,000. However the Act is currently under review by the government as homeless campaigners warned it unfairly criminalised the homeless rather than offering support. In 2021 Prime Minister at the time, Boris Johnson said: "No-one should be criminalised simply for having nowhere to live and I think the time has come to reconsider the Vagrancy Act.” DON'T MISS: Expert says Nicola Bulley's loyal dog could hold major clues to missing mum's whereabouts