Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William have followed in Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip’s footsteps when out and about in public. The royal couple is rarely seen making physical contact with one another, instead respecting each other’s personal space. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, on the other hand, are one of the most tactile royal couples. Author, vocal coach and body language expert, Dr Louise Mahler looked at the two couple’s body language and compared them. Speaking about Kate and William, Dr Louise told Sunrise: “Aren’t they magnificent? I think what the poses are showing, they’re loving - strong and loving. “I’d take that a step further and say these two take their roles very seriously, and they’re showing us how to behave, and touch is back post-pandemic.” The expert noted the small “touches on the back” Kate and William give one another at public engagements. Dr Louise continued to note more physical touch between the couple from last July noting two occasions in particular: “When they were kissing [each other on the cheek] at the polo and blowing kisses to the parents at the tennis. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims “Very much nothing is an accident with them, it’s all calculated and beautiful. They’re a magnificent couple,” she added. Following the One Young World Summit Awards last September, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex released a couple of backstage photographs. One was in black and white and was a side profile of the couple, the other was a colour image where Meghan stood in front and Harry behind and slightly to one side, with them linking fingers. Dr Louise commented on the first black and white photo: “What a beautiful photo post-funeral, Meghan’s moment. DON'T MISS...Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [BEAUTY]Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school [ROYAL INSIDER]Adam Woodyatt’s ‘weight dropped off’ after giving up popular drink [PICTURES] “It’s an acting technique before you go on stage, don’t look down, everybody always looks down, and we tend to talk to our internal voices which are always negative, so acting technique always look up. “The thing is with Meghan in this photo, she’s looking up and then making sure the camera and lighting are right - it’s always Meghan’s moment!” She claimed. In the second image, Dr Louise noted: “They’re also touching hands, but the way they touch hands shows a certain intimacy. This is not the hand on the back, this is finger stroking.” The presenter of Sunrise asked: “They’re married so that’s appropriate?” Dr Louise claimed: “Yes it is, but it’s showing it’s in an intimate stroke as opposed to guiding the other. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is a ‘performer’ when in public - expert claims “These photos show, 'we are in competition', she’s wearing red, that’s not a usual royal colour - saying we’re different. “The other thing that stands out is Meghan is standing in front of Harry yet again, and their expressions - Meghan has a neutral expression but her eyes could cut glass,” the expert claimed. “With Harry, it’s his smile, they’re are 19 Ekman smiles and that’s not one of them. Harry’s smile is challenging, it’s contemptuous, and his eyes partly closed.” Dr Ekman is a professor at the University of California, San Francisco who is renowned for improving our understanding of non-verbal communication, entailing facial expressions and gestures. He has identified 19 common types of smiles including the fixed polite smile, the embarrassed smile and the ecstatic smile to name a few. As for what body language King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla display, there was a rare moment of PDA spotted last September. Body language Expert Judi James told Express.co.uk exclusively how the new King looked “confident and assured” and together with Camilla they formed a “partnership”. The King was “showing a more tactile approach to his wife” by guiding her with his arm around her waist - something he has never done before in public.