Manchester United have outlined the next steps the club will undertake following all charges against Mason Greenwood being dropped. The attacker, who was suspended by United in January 2022 after allegations against him first surfaced, had his charges including attempted rape and alleged assault dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service on Thursday. A CPS spokesperson said: “We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. “We have explained our decision to all parties. We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.” But United have confirmed that Greenwood will not be able to join back up with team training while they conduct their own 'internal investigation'.  • The club’s process will involve an internal investigation to give us a more complete understanding of the circumstances around the allegations that were made against Mason • This investigation will start immediately, and its outcome will help inform our next steps • Mason will not be returning to training or playing while this process takes place • We do not know at this stage how long the process will take to complete • It would not have been appropriate for us to commence the process until now, so as not to prejudice or interfere with ongoing criminal proceedings  Greenwood remains under contract with United until 2025 after signing a four-year deal back in February 2021. His last appearance for his club came in a 1-0 win over West Ham in January last year. Greenwood has spoken for the first time since the charges were dropped, admitting to being "relieved". He said: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. "There will be no further comment at this time."