Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson had an awkward exchange with a BT Sport reporter after the Reds' 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid on Tuesday evening. If the Reds are to get back to the Champions League final they will need to overcome a heavy first-leg deficit at the Bernabeu in order to reach the quarter-final stage. Emotions were running high as the Anfield atmosphere was cranked up, especially after Jurgen Klopp's outfit raced into an early 2-0 lead thanks to goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah. However, braces from Karim Benzema and Vinicius Jr in addition to Eder Militao's header saw Los Blancos run away with the game. Several defensive errors were on show as many were perplexed that Liverpool could concede five goals in a home game, as skipper Henderson was asked after the final whistle whether it was alarming that his side were shipping goals consistently. However, Henderson bluntly replied: "The last two games we kept clean sheets didn’t we?" Henderson added: "It’s hard, it is difficult to come here and speak because yes, they have a lot of quality, and we knew that, and when you’re not 100 percent defending they punish you, like they have done. We caused ourselves problems at times, but it’s a tough one to take in the end. "A lot to do with it is their quality as well, they’ve got quality players everywhere, but I think we didn’t help ourselves for sure. Especially the set piece - which I’m not sure was a foul to be honest - we didn’t defend it well enough and then after that there was a few goals we can do better, of course. The game got away from us at that point." The reporter clarified that they meant over the course of recent weeks and months and not just the two previous clean sheets and wins against Newcastle and Everton, but Henderson appeared to be a bit bemused by the question after a difficult evening.  "It is difficult to come here and speak because yes they have a lot of quality and we knew that," Henderson added. "When you are not 100 per cent defending, they punish you like that and we caused ourselves a little bit of problems at times, but it's a tough one to take in the end. "I thought we were unlucky to go in at half-time level but we still played a good first half I felt. I felt as though we were on top, created some good chances I think there was a big chance at 2-0 with a bit of a scuffle on the line, I think if that goes in it's a big moment in the match. "But the first goal [Vinicius Jr's] we could do better but it's a great finish and individual brilliance again, second goal obviously it's a mistake but those things can happen. Then the third I think we will be very disappointed with the set piece so at that point, that's when the game went away from us." 