John McEnroe has voiced his frustration over Novak Djokovic’s Indian Wells debacle in a fresh rant as he claimed it would be “absurd” if the world No 1 was not allowed into the country to compete. The American’s words come as Djokovic continues to await a response after applying for a special permit to enter the country unvaccinated, with the US government set to lift all Covid restrictions in May. Djokovic’s Indian Wells fate is still uncertain as the Serb waits to learn whether the American government will allow him into the country to play the first two Masters 1000 tournaments of the season next month. His brother Djordje recently revealed that Djokovic had applied for a “special permit” to enter the country and in a press conference on Wednesday, the 35-year-old confirmed that he was still awaiting a response.  As the 22-time Major winner currently looks set to miss Indian Wells and Miami, retired pro John McEnroe has come out to staunchly defend the Serb as he slammed the current restrictions in the States. “It would be absurd if he couldn’t play Indian Wells or Miami or any other tournament in the US,” the seven-time Grand Slam champion told Forbes. McEnroe also brought up Djokovic’s bans from last year, when the world No 1 was thrown out of Australia on the eve of the 2022 Aussie Open after having his visa cancelled twice. “It’s absurd they threw him out of Australia last year,” he added.  JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz responds to Djokovic after rivalry snubbed for Nadal   “I have had my vaccines, I respect that he’s chosen not to do it. I would’ve done it, but that’s a whole other issue…” The 64-year-old also referenced last year’s US Open which also saw Djokovic unable to compete with unvaccinated travellers banned from entering America - something that wasn’t a rule in 2021 when the Serb was able to play and reached the final. McEnroe continued: “He played [the US Open] in 2021 and then wasn’t allowed to play in 2022, someone explain that to me. And now he’s still not permitted to play, I mean it’s absurd.” The American’s younger brother and fellow former pro Patrick also weighed in and shared his hopes to see Djokovic in Indian Wells and Miami next month. “I hope he does get an exemption,” he said. “I hope he can get into the country to play. I mean, I’m no doctor or no expert but it does seem like we’re past most of the pandemic, knock on wood.” With Covid restriction in America set to end on May 11, Djokovic should be all clear to play the US Open at the end of summer. But the former doubles world No 3 wanted to see the recent Aussie Open champion allowed to compete sooner. DON'T MISSMurray provides reasoning for marathon matches with Zverev namedMurray getting closer to goal of 'multiple titles' with Aus Open liftEmma Raducanu can learn from Alcaraz after similar post-US Open slump “He’s able to go to any other country to play at this point and my understanding is that the President [Biden] has announced that many of these regulations will be withdrawn I believe in May. Whether or not Novak’s able to get the exemption before that is up in the air,” the younger McEnroe brother added. “Maybe we’ll get some more information [from Djokovic’s press conference], but certainly for the good of the sport, for tennis, I think everybody would like to see him be able to play whatever tournaments he wants to play.” 