With Manchester United takeover bids due to arrive today, Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe remain the two frontrunners for the club. And several new details have surfaced overnight on what is shaping up to be a huge day for the Red Devils. The Glazers are open to selling the club, something they confirmed back in November shortly after being publicly criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo. The Glazers were slammed by Ronaldo in his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan which, ultimately, triggered his exit from the club. Yet the Americans confirmed shortly after they were open to selling the club, in a development that was widely celebrated by the team’s supporters. Qatar seem to be in pole position to purchase United right now, with wealthy members of the Middle Eastern nation sensing a huge opportunity. Ratcliffe can’t be ruled out, however, with the British billionaire long a fan of the club. Now, The Telegraph say Qatar’s ‘immediate priority’ is seeking assurances from UEFA. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Rules created back in 2012 protect the integrity of the Champions and Europa Leagues from multi-club ownership. Yet Qatar are confident of securing a potential pathway to United ‘if clearly separate ownership structures can be demonstrated’. UEFA, the report says, ‘would not block a takeover on the basis of the ownership at PSG of QIA subsidiary, Qatar Sports Investments.’. Yet they’re seeking clarity on the matter nonetheless as they look to win the race for United. Regarding Ratcliffe, it’s stated the British billionaire may seek an alliance with the Americans to ensure he wins the race instead. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The 70-year-old must rely on bankrolling from JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs if he’s to be successful in his bid. Yet Wall Street help ‘does not come cheap’ and Ratcliffe may have to accept high interest payments on the debt financing. It’s also said the INEOS chairman doesn’t want to spend ‘a penny’ beyond the club’s true valuation. An insider is quoted as saying: "Ratcliffe is never going to blow himself up to do it. "And it's worth keeping in mind, the company has been squeezed too by energy prices last year." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie, meanwhile, believes United fans will just be relieved to see the back of the Glazers. The family have owned the club ever since 2005 but have long been loathed over at Old Trafford. And McAvennie, speaking to Football Insider, said: “What happened in Qatar was terrible but if somebody comes into your club and spends a lot of money, you are going to back them. “Look at what happened at Newcastle. Nobody wanted Saudis but now it is like a completely different city. “All they see is their team doing very well and it will be the same with Man United. “They are massive. At Man United it does not matter who you are you are a supporter if you go in there. “They are one of the biggest clubs in the world. Everything about them is huge. “At Newcastle they didn’t want people from Saudi Arabia to take over, now nobody would say a bad word about them. It is a fickle world. “Yes there will be concerns and the club will come out with their usual statements but at the end of the day fans will see a team that is fighting on all fronts and that is what they want.“