Novak Djokovic has been spotted partying with surprise guest Savo Milosevic after returning to his native Serbia to celebrate his most recent triumph. The tennis star headed back to eastern Europe in the past few days and was seen blasting out some karaoke hits with the former Aston Villa footballer as part of his wild celebrations. The 35-year-old had every reason to let loose after his record-equalling triumph at the Australian Open over Stefanos Tsitsipas brought him level with Rafael Nadal in the all-time Grand Slam winners race. Djokovic now has 22 Majors to his name, tying him with Nadal, and the pair are two clear of the retired Roger Federer in what has been billed as the 'GOAT race'. And it seems the veteran knows how to wind down after an exhausting tournament in the Melbourne heat by warming up his pipes with some goold old-fashioned Serbian ballads. Djokovic is certainly not shy when it comes to making himself heard on the court, and it seems that translates to when he is behind the mic too as he belted out some home favourites in front of adoring fans at his restaurant in Belgrade. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's dad gives emotional speech on childhood bombings In footage posted on Instagram, Djokovic can be seen wholeheartedly singing an unknown tune with some impressive commitment, with onlookers joining in on the chorus. In another clip, Djokovic is serenaded by Milosevic, the former striker who played for Premier League club Aston Villa between 1995 and 1998. At one point in the video, Milosevic turns to Djokovic as the pair sing along with each other and it appears that they have struck an unlikely friendship considering the different sporting circles they belong to. Djokovic was joined by his wife Jelena and parents Srjdan and Dijana in the Serbian capital to celebrate after clinching his 10th Australian Open title in January. The athlete usually splits his time between their homes in Monte Carlo and Spain, but regularly makes trips back to his homeland to engage with his fans. LATEST TENNIS NEWSNovak Djokovic's ex-coach explains how relationship was 'cut off'Djokovic and Nadal accused of 'kidding' rivals with injured Slam winsNovak Djokovic has left Nadal and Federer behind for 'another level' Djokovic could be seen waving to fans who turned out in their droves to see their national hero as he handed out flags and balloons to those in attendance. Later on the night, partygoers could be heard cheering Djokovic on as he made an appearance at a popular nightclub in the city. Despite his apparent love for karaoke and music, fans shouldn't expect to see him at their local Lucky Voice branch any time soon, as the Serbian star will be heading to the Middle East next week in search of a sixth crown at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships, which begins on February 27. Djokovic last won in the UAE back in 2020 but last year, he was surprisingly knocked out by Czech player Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals. Given his rich vein of form, it seems unlikely he will be settling for anything less than a victory to add to his growing collection of titles - and perhaps there may be another karaoke party to come if he reclaims the crown.