The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are being sued by Meghan's half-sister who claims the couple "lied" and made defamatory statements about her, which caused her "great harm". If it goes to court, the trial is likely to gain widespread interest from royal fans but one legal expert told Express.co.uk the interest will likely be contained to Britain as "Americans don't care about the Sussexes". Richard Matthews, a senior trial consultant and attorney, told Express.co.uk that there will be more "media coverage" of the trial than normal, but this will mostly be contained to the UK and coverage in the US will be sparse. If the trial goes to court, jurors will "notice cameras and TV trucks on their way into and out of the courthouse", he said, but this is unlikely to extend inside the courtroom. He said: "The trial will not be recorded or televised. "Courts in the US don't generally allow that, though there are a few famous exceptions in certain state's courts. "But this is in federal court, not state court, and federal courts absolutely do not permit televising trials anywhere in the US." Mr Matthews, a member of the State Bar of California, said there will be "media coverage of the courthouse", which will be used as a "visual backdrop" in media coverage of the trial. Noting the infamous Johnny Depp and Amber Heard court case, which amassed millions of streams and viewers online, the legal expert said he doesn't think the Sussex's trial "will rise to the general American interest" in the same way. He added: "It does appear that there is an endless appetite in Britain for anything related to the Royal Family, especially Harry and Meghan, so I am sure there will be media there exporting their coverage to Britain and anywhere there's interest. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could follow Harry and Meghan by moving to US "I don't mean to suggest that there will be zero interest in the US just that it will be on the low side, and no major media are going to do more than a sentence or two per day - not even hourly coverage let alone wall-to-wall coverage." He went on to say that "most Americans don't care about the Sussexes one way or the other" and care "even less" about Meghan's family. Meghan Markle's half-sister, Samantha Markle, is suing the Duke and Duchess for "defamation and injurious falsehood" following the couple's high-profile tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Earlier this month, the royal's older sister appeared in a virtual court hearing in Florida discussing the lawsuit she has brought against the California-based royals. Her lawyer Peter Ticktin told the court that Meghan used Finding Freedom to "affirm this false narrative that she supposedly lived this rags to riches thing". Referring to Meghan's remarks, he said: "She got caught. She was lying about her education, that she was getting all these scholarships. Her father paid for her education for goodness' sakes, and she got caught with this lie. Why else is she putting her sister down? Why else is she putting her father down?"  Meghan's lawyer Michael Kump hit back at Ticktin's comments branding them "inappropriate" and "quite frankly offensive to my client". Kump then went on to argue that the first seven of Samantha's 10 statements should be excluded as they referred to statements made in the book Finding Freedom, which Meghan did not write or publish. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews