  Lily James, 33, looked totally transformed when she played Pamela Anderson, 55, in the Disney Plus show - thanks to some seriously heavy makeup and prosthetics. The Hollywood star revealed she had kept hold of one of her fake breasts from the set in an interview with Zoe Ball, 52, today.      Lily was in high spirits as she appeared on the Zoe Ball Breakfast show this morning to promote her new film What's Love Got to Do with It?. During the interview, Zoe praised Lily’s “phenomenal” performance as Pamela in Disney+ show Pam & Tommy. Speaking about the prosthetics used for the show, which also starred Sebastian Stan as Tommy Lee, Lily made a surprising admission. “That transformation - I don’t know how they do it! They’re so clever!” Zoe exclaimed READ MORE: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears'    Lily agreed that her makeup team were “magicians”, before revealing that she had to sit in hair and makeup for a staggering four hours each day before filming started. When Zoe asked how long it took to take her prosthetics and makeup off at the end of the day, Lily replied: “An hour and a half to rip those boobs off.” This caused the studio to burst into laughter, as fellow guests Adam Lambert and Serkis couldn’t contain their giggles. “Have you kept them?” Zoe asked, to which Lily responded: “I’ve kept one, but it’s kind of bedraggled.”     Talking about her plans for the prosthetic she cheekily added: “I’m going to frame it!” Lily stars in brand new rom-com What's Love Got to Do with It? beside Star Trek actor Shazad Latif. The film, which arrives in cinemas today, was directed by Bandit Queen’s Shekhar Kapur and written by Jemima Khan. The film, which is set between London and Lahore, explores the subject of arranged marriage. READ MORE... Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes [NEWS] Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight  [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle piece framed by Martin Roberts [INSIGHT]      In the movie, we see filmmaker Zoe (Lily) documents the arranged marriage of her childhood friend and neighbour Kazim (Shazad) to a bride from Pakistan. Other stars include Emma Thompson, who plays Zoe’s mum Cath and Oliver Chris, who plays James. Asim Chaudhry has also taken on yet another comedic role, as he plays Mo the Matchmaker.      The romantic comedy has received mixed to positive reviews from critics so far. What's Love Got to Do with It? is out in cinemas now. The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs on weekdays from 6.30am on BBC Radio 2.   