Britons claiming disability benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) can expect a tax-free increase from April. The uprating will see payments through the likes of Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Disability Living Allowance (DLA), Adult Disability Payment (ADP), and more, rise by 10.1 percent in a pledge made by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to “protect the most vulnerable”. The changes will mean that those on certain benefits will be able to claim between £1,398 and £8,983 over the 2023/24 financial year tax-free. This comes as the Personal Tax Allowance threshold has been frozen at £12,570 for the new financial year, which will provide much-welcomed relief as the Daily Record reports if disability payments were subject to income tax rules, claimants would be left with just £3,587 of their allowance. Announcing the changes to the House of Commons last November, Mr Hunt said: “There have also been some representations to keep the uplift to working age and disability benefits below the level of inflation given the financial constraints we face. “But that would not be consistent with our commitment to protect the most vulnerable so today I also commit to uprate such benefits by inflation with an increase of 10.1 per cent.” READ MORE: Women over 70 urged to check if they are owed state pension payments  He continued: “That is an expensive commitment costing £11billion. But it means 10 million working-age families will see a much-needed increase.” Here is a summary of some of the new rates confirmed by the DWP. PIP is a benefit distributed by the DWP to help people who need extra help with daily tasks or getting around due to long-term illness, disabilities, or physical or mental health conditions. There are two parts to PIP; a daily living part for those who need help with everyday tasks, and a mobility part for those who need help moving around. Each comes with two rates; a standard rate and an enhanced rate. DON'T MISS: Up to £1,350 in DWP cost of living payments may be available [INSIGHT]Money expert's most common mistakes she sees people make with finances [EXPLAINED]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    Whether people get one or both parts and how much they get depends on how difficult they find the individual tasks In line with the 10.1 percent increase, new rates for both components will be: Daily living tasks Mobility tasks READ MORE: DWP Household Support Fund - full list of council support  Attendance Allowance is a benefit distributed by the DWP for people over state pension age who need help with personal care or supervision due to illness or a disability. The benefit is paid at two rates, the lower rate and the higher rate. The amount eligible claimants receive is calculated based on how much help is required, not any current help the person does or doesn’t get. The new lower and higher payment rates for April 2023 will be:  DLA is a benefit for those aged under 16 to support those who need help with personal or mobility care due to a disability. It is due to be replaced by PIP and Adult Disability Payments, so this can no longer be applied for. But those who already receive it will see the following rate increases. Care component Mobility component 