Jake Paul had a mock face-off with Derek Chisora after Tommy Fury no-showed their launch press conference last night. Paul had to sell the fight alone in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Fury was famously denied entry to the United States ahead of their last kick-off press event, leading to the fight being cancelled. But this time Fury is unable to attend due to a mixture of ‘private matters’ and training responsibilities. Paul was not best pleased by Fury’s excuses and slammed the Brit for his ‘unprofessional behaviour’. "I'm used to his behaviour at this point, he's unprofessional and he's a flake," said Paul when asked about Fury’s absence. "He's not a serious businessman or a serious fighter and I'm going to prove that. It's why this fight is called, 'The Truth', because the truth is going to come out. He's going to have to pay for all of the times he's pulled out. "All the business people he screwed over, it's disrespectful. There's some of the biggest names in boxing, the biggest promoters and most influential people in the world. One of the greatest countries in the world and he doesn't want to show up because of a 'private matter'. We all have private matters. "When you sign up to do something, you make a commitment, that's what it should be about. It just shows me he's scared because he said he didn't need to train for this fight. Meanwhile, his first excuse was that he needed to train extra, but now it's a private matter. I love Tyson but it's typical from the dad [John] and Tommy." With Fury nowhere to be seen, Chisora filled in to square off with Paul in front of assembled media. Del Boy is working as a representative for Prince Khalid’s Skill Challenge Entertainment, which has been a key player in the massive investments in Saudi sports. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul crew told to cut video before YouTuber rinses Fury for going AWOL Anthony Joshua insider spills beans on classified Derrick James camp Fury responds to 'pull out' claims after Paul press conference no-show Given the messy history surrounding Paul vs Fury, many believe the fight will fail to come to fruition for a third time. But Fury assures fans he will be there on fight night. "I say to those people they need to wake up. Don't worry. I'll be in Saudi Arabia ready for February 26th,” he told TMZ. “I'm ready to go now. I can't wait to get on this plane and get over there. "I'm going to hurt this man seriously come February 26th and if he is banking on me for not showing, well if that's where he is getting his confidence from, then he needs to think again cause I'll be there and I'll be right in his face come fight night."