Sergio Aguero has declared he is not aware of internal problems at Manchester City despite the club's turbulent start to 2023. While the Citizens remain firmly in contention to win their third consecutive Premier League title after going back to the top of the table following their excellent 3-1 win at Arsenal, there has been a purely speculative sense of suspicion that all has not been well behind the scenes due to a number of notable events in recent weeks. Pep Guardiola's staple Joao Cancelo was loaned to Bayern Munich in the January transfer window for instance, in a move that nobody saw coming. It's understood relations had begun to sour between Guardiola and Cancelo, forcing City's hand. Furthermore, Kevin De Bruyne was also dropped by the Spaniard as he sat out the entirety of the 4-2 win over Tottenham at the Etihad Stadium. A few weeks later, he was on the bench again for the return fixture and played just 31 minutes of the 1-0 defeat in north London. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light During that game, Gary Neville had suggested that something was wrong at City but when quizzed on whether that was the case, Aguero claims he is none the wiser. The Argentine told Stake.com: "I am not aware that there are internal problems, I am not in the day-to-day. And from outside you cannot comment. "If I can say that in many clubs there were movements of players that one thought would not leave but finally left. There are many cases. Jorginho is one, Cancelo is another." Aguero was also unflinched when asked about Guardiola's decision to drop De Bruyne, claiming rotation is nothing new for the Spanish tactician. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race The retired striker added: "Regarding what you ask me about Kevin's substitution in that game, I can tell you that Pep usually rotates the team and adapts it to the rival. And more with such a demanding schedule. "What happens is that in view of the result, many wondered why he was not a starter. But in other games the same thing has happened and there were no questions because they won." In addition to suffering two Premier League defeats - to Manchester United and Spurs - in the space of four days, it's been a troublesome time off the field too for City. The club were charged with 115 alleged breaches of Premier League regulations on February 7, sparking fears they could potentially be expunged from the top-flight. The developments created a feeling of uncertainty and unease about City's future but Guardiola has never been more sure that he is the man to continue leading the club forward. And on Wednesday night, City were back to their brilliant best as they ran riot against Arsenal in north London, winning 3-1. Goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland done the damage to put City back in the box seat in the title race. Arsenal will feel disapointed with their second-half performance though as they flattered to deceive on the big stage.