YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul is rapidly improving as a fighter, thanks in part to his unprecedented access to the best training that money can buy. The 26-year-old is worth around £260million and is in the privileged position to be able to dedicate his life to boxing full-time. When he’s not training, The Problem Child can be seen living life to the fullest and has one of the most lavish lifestyles in all of sport. Here, Express Sport takes a look at said lifestyle and his many most prized possessions. Private jet Paul has his own private jet, a Dassault Falcon 900 tri-jet. The plane has enough space for 12 passengers and two crew members and can reach cruise speeds of up to 590 mph (950 kph). Paul purchased the plane, which is worth roughly £30million, after his second victory over former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley. Supercars The YouTube star boasts an insane car collection including a Rolls Royce Ghost worth £300,000 and a £250,000 Lamborghini Huracan Performante. Paul is also a fan of electric cars and owns a Tesla X which set him back £80,000. In total, Paul has between 10 and 20 supercars amounting a total worth of roughly £8million. Houses Paul is currently living out in Puerto Rico after selling his infamous Team 10 Mansion in California. The YouTube star made the move in order to leave his “problem child era behind” and focus on his professional boxing career. His new place located near Dorado Beach in Puerto Rico is reportedly worth around £8.2million and has a total of 13,288 sq. ft of living space. Jake shares the luxurious accommodation with his older brother Logan who lives in a separate part of the house. In total, there are five bedrooms, seven bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, an open-space living area, high ceilings, an expansive pool and a gazebo. MORE BOXING NEWS... Jake Paul takes aim at Tommy Fury with cruel Molly-Mae Hague dig Fury and Paul stats show one fighter is clearly the bigger puncher Chisora willing to place eye-watering Paul vs Froch bet Girlfriend Paul has been dating model Julia Rose on and off since 2019. The pair allegedly split in the spring of 2020 but got back together shortly after the rumours started to circulate. Julia and Jake then split again in 2021 and March 2022, before rekindling their relationship following their third break up. The couple host the hit podcast BS W/ Jake Paul together and can often be seen jetting off around the world on luxurious holidays.