There is a global movement of women and men embracing their natural grey hair unfolding on TikTok, with over 19.3M views for the hashtag #greyhairdontcare. Gone are the days of thinking grey hair makes you look old, and in fact, there are a number of ways to make your grey hair “pop”. Angelo Vallillo is an award-winning hair stylist and co-founder Shanti; superfood for your hair, who has 16.7k followers on Instagram. He spoke to Express.co.uk about some of the simple ways to create a more “youthful” look while embracing your naturally silver locks. Though Angelo says there are a few different ways to make grey hair look its best, he added: "The most important one for me is having a really good haircut. I think that's something that will make the hair pop. "If you have a nice strong bob or an asymmetric hairstyle, that really works well with grey hair." However, before heading straight for the chop, Angelo recommends consulting with your stylist about what cut they think will work with your face shape and unique style. "It all depends, everything should be tailored for the individual," he explained. READ MORE: ‘Common' makeup mistakes making your skin 'look older' "It's all about you and it’s all to do with the face shape. So, you want to go to a stylist that understands face shapes and head mapping when it comes to haircutting. "They always say ‘have shorter hair when you get older’, but sometimes longer hair on older women who are wanting to look youthful can still look great because it’s a great haircut and the condition of the hair is good too." He continued: "I think the most important thing for your hair when you get older is that it needs to be kept in the best condition possible, that's the number one thing. "Then you can have, as long as the haircut’s really good, great layers, not too short. It all boils down to suitability, so make sure to get yourself a great stylist that knows what he’s doing." DON'T MISSFlight attendant says use a coat hanger on your door to stay safe [EXPLAINER]Olapex hair products left scalps 'blistered' suit claims  [COMMENT]Waitrose record price cuts start today in all UK stores [FULL LIST] For those who want to maintain long, flowing locks, keeping hair clean is the key to a glossy look. "You can have a good shampoo and conditioner, that will brighten up your grey hair, enhance that and keep it clean," explained the stylist. "Then you can also add the framing - colour around the front of your hair - and enhance that depth of grey to go alongside your natural colour." However, as hair begins to age, you may notice the texture changing as well as the colour. Greying hairs are typically coarser and thicker too. For some people, this also means an increase in dryness. According to Angelo, your diet can play a major role in how much of an impact these changes have. "My biggest advice for people who are getting coarser and dryer hair is to think about what you consume," he said. "I think what you are is what you eat. You've got to be a little bit more conscious of what you're doing in terms of activity and what you’re consuming. There are so many great things out there. A lot of Ayurvedic diets are really good for your health, and there are some great supplements out there." How you feel on a day-to-day basis can also dictate how healthy your hair looks and feels, as well as the rest of your body. "Ultimately, I think it's all to do with your mind and how you feel which has a massive impact," said Angelo. "For example, when you're stressed, your hair doesn't feel right. This is for men, not just women. Women go through so many different things compared to men though, menopause has a massive effect and if they become more stressed about it, this doesn't help. "As long as you're getting your supplements and focus on what you're consuming, as well as having a good shampoo, conditioner, and a treatment once a week, your hair will stay healthy."