Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has opened up on a chat he had with the referee following his side’s 2-2 Europa League draw with Barcelona. The Red Devils felt Jules Kounde should have been dismissed for a foul on Marcus Rashford in the second half. However, the France international was left off the hook during a frantic night of action at the Nou Camp. Manchester United went 2-1 up against Barcelona at the Nou Camp, with Marcus Rashford and a Jules Kounde own goal cancelling out an opener from Marcos Alonso. However, Raphinha struck late to earn his side a draw and boost the Catalan outfit ahead of the rematch at Old Trafford next week. In the second half, Ten Hag was livid after Kounde escaped punishment for a clear foul on Rashford on the edge of the box. The Dutchman was given a yellow card for his protests, with the 53-year-old feeling his side were unlucky not to get the decision. And Ten Hag, speaking after the game, has now opened up on what he was told by Maurizio Mariani following the contest. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford "Yes, I asked the referee why,” he said. “So he said it was outside the box and it was no foul. And the linesman and referee were in a very good position to see and I think we had VAR. “I think it's not good, it was a really bad decision. I can't understand." He added: "Maybe they were impressed by the pressure Barca made but they can't be on the highest European level." The United boss also defended Wout Weghorst, too, with the Netherlands international missing a glorious chance to open the scoring. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "Wout Weghorst can score and he will score,” continued the Dutchman. “But in the end, it doesn't matter who scores, but you have to score. “In such a game, when you create five or seven 100 per cent chances you have to finish that more, it's quite clear." He continued: "The criticism is: be more clinical, finish chances. In such a game, we created many chances, you can't expect that but we did. “And it's a little bit of disappointment we didn't score more. We should have scored a minimum of four goals tonight." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United star Rashford, meanwhile, cut a frustrated figure when speaking after the game. "It feels like a loss,” he told BT Sport. “I think we did well to get back into the game, the first half was probably in favour of them but I think we stayed calm and tried to create chances when we could. “We scored two good goal and tried to maintain control of the outcome but they are a good team. "I felt we were trying to score more goals in the second-half, that may have been because we were a goal behind." On his goal, he added: "It is difficult to find a finish from there but i made my mind up and tried to get as clean a contact as I could and it went in." And Barcelona boss Xavi was full of praise for United and the way they performed. "It was a really tough game, really difficult with a lot of intensity, passion, and rhythm,” he said. “I think we have to be proud because we competed really well until the end. We could have won in the last two chances but we played today against a top team in Europe. “I think Manchester United is coming back and today they showed the best version. “We competed really well, we need to be proud. Now we need to compete well in Old Trafford."