A man who claimed to be a woman to justify a sexual assault in a train station toilet has been imprisoned. Ian Bullock, 39, attacked the woman in the Birmingham New Street station toilets as she washed her hands on March 21, last year, after entering the female toilets at around 7am while wearing a high-visibility vest. The woman, who was on her way to work, said she noticed Bullock in the restroom and assumed he worked at the station because of the high-visibility jacket he was wearing. Mr Bullock, 39, moved towards his victim and bent down before sexually assaulting her, the British Transport Police (BTP) said on Tuesday. He was challenged by the woman, and he left in silence before trying to disguise himself by removing his vest and putting on a beanie hat.  BTP officers were called and officers arrested Bullock. When questioned, Mr Bullock claimed that he was in the toilets because he had changed his gender, according to police. Sources suggested it was an "off the cuff remark" and stressed Bullock was treated as a man throughout proceedings, according to the Daily Mail.  In December, he was found guilty of sexual assault at Birmingham and Solihull Magistrates' Court. On February 7, he received a 16-month prison sentence and was ordered to sign the sex offender's register for ten years. He was also issued a ten-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order, which prohibits him from entering or loitering outside women's restrooms, as well as wearing any type of high-vis jacket for any reason other than lawful employment.  Detective Inspector Ian Wright said: "Bullock is a dangerous individual who deliberately changed his clothing in order to loiter in the female toilets undetected and launch this vile, pre-meditated assault on the victim in a space she had every right to feel safe in. "I would like to commend the bravery of the victim, who faced with an unimaginably awful situation and reported what had happened – meaning officers were able to arrive quickly and arrest him at the scene. "We are absolutely determined to root out sexual offending from the railway network and in this case, Bullock deserves every day of the prison sentence he's been handed." 