The Beatles and The Rolling Stones are reportedly teaming up to make music together in a yet-to-be-announced album. The Fab Four have not made music together for decades, and they have only rarely even played music together - but Mick Jagger and his group of rockers could be the catalyst they needed to reunite. According to Variety, Paul McCartney has recorded "bass parts" for a forthcoming Rolling Stones "project". The record is being helmed by the 2021 Grammy Producer of the Year Andrew Watt, who is apparently conducting the two Goliaths of music in an Avengers-level team-up. Ringo Starr is also reportedly going to play on the record. He'll likely play drums, as The Rolling Stones' drummer, Charlie Watts, died in 2021 aged 80. The publication went on to claim recording sessions have "taken place" in Los Angeles as recently as the past few weeks. However, there is some bad news included in the report. The tracks that have been recorded with both The Rolling Stones and the remaining members of The Beatles have not yet been locked in. Variety wrote it is "unclear which tracks will make the final cut". On top of this, it was reportedly unclear if McCartney and Starr would end up on the same song. Back in 2021, Jagger spoke out about the band releasing new music. This fresh batch of songs would be the first album comprised of new songs from the British rockers since 2005. He said at the time the band had "a lot of tracks done". Guitarist Keith Richards followed suit by teasing the new music in a New Year's post on Instagram. He told his followers: "There’s some new music on its way." DON'T MISS...Paul McCartney broke down over John Lennon song on Desert Island Discs [INFO]George Harrison lamented plagiarism lawsuit and staggering damages fee [NEWS]John Lennon's fury at Paul McCartney exposed in foul-mouthed letter [INSIGHT] A team-up between The Beatles and The Rolling Stones is so surprising because the two bands have often lashed out at one another in the press. The groups began their journey in the music industry around the same time in the 1950s and into the 1960s. While The Beatles broke up in 1970, The Rolling Stones endured, but their friendly rivalry has continued throughout. Most recently, McCartney flippantly commented on the quality of The Rolling Stones' music. He said in 2021: "They’re a blues cover band, that’s sort of what the Stones are. I think our net was cast a bit wider than theirs." Shortly thereafter, Jagger took his own shot at the iconic Hey Jude singer. The Rolling Stones played a concert shortly thereafter, and frontman Jagger knew McCartney was in the audience. Once he had noticed the singer, Jagger welcomed McCartney before thanking him for joining "in a blues cover". Despite the apparent hostility, Jagger thanked The Beatles when he inducted them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He said: "We were doing Chuck Berry songs and blues and things and we thought that we were totally unique animals. And then we heard there was a group from Liverpool and they had long hair, scruffy clothes." He later thanked the band for gifting The Rolling Stones a song that helped them "break England". SOURCE