Sophie Rundle played police officer Kirsten McAskill in the hit BBC drama Happy Valley alongside Sergeant Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire). However, she was tragically killed off at the hands of Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) when she pulled his pal over for a stop and search. At the time of her death, Catherine was explaining farm life to Kirsten over the radio as the young constable drove down some backroads. She was looking for kidnappers Lewis Whippey (Adam Long) and his partner in crime, Tommy Lee Royce. However, Kirsten met her fate when she decided to pull the van over for a background check and Tommy reversed his car straight into her. She fell to the ground, believing she had been killed and Tommy proceeded to run over her twice more. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis By the time Catherine arrived, it is too late as Kirsten was already dead and the Sergeant had to pass the devastating news on to her family. Speaking in a new interview, the 34-year-old admitted she had to apologise to her parents over her gruesome death scenes. Describing how the scene played out, Sophie began: "It was very unexciting – the car slowly reversed towards me and then it reversed over a sandbag. "When Happy Valley came back for series three, people still asked me about it. "I’m fine, no one did a three-point turn over me! It’s really stayed with people, I think because it’s so brutal." She added to Radio Times: "I’d like to apologise for traumatising the entire nation. "I feel sorry for my parents who had to watch that." Earlier this year, the final series of Happy Valley came to a satisfactory end. DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [VIDEO]Dancing on Ice 'sexist' row erupts over Carley Stenson exit [REACTION]Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit [THEORY] Catherine finally came face to face with killer Tommy in an explosive showdown. Tommy, who was in prison serving time for his crimes, was secretly seeing his son, Ryan (Rhys Connah) behind Catherine's back. However, things took a turn when Tommy escaped from custody and went on the run. He had planned to elope to Spain with his son, but things didn't go as he'd hoped. After getting stabbed in a fight, Tommy knew he had run out of time, so he went to Catherine's house with a can of petrol. The criminal had planned to set her house alight, but suddenly had a change of heart when he realised how well she had brought up his son. After a dramatic exchange with Catherine, Tommy set himself alight and later died in the hospital. The full interview is available to read in the Radio Times. 