Vanessa Feltz, 60, has admitted on This Morning that she feels "humiliated" after splitting with her partner of 16 years, Ben Ofoedu. This comes as the broadcaster and her ex sent open letters to each other last month to open up about what they wanted from each other in their relationship in the New Year. Vanessa's romance with Ben appeared to be going from strength to strength, with the latter even surprising Vanessa on This Morning for her 60th birthday celebrations. However, Vanessa announced the shocking end to their relationship with a video on Instagram, and has now spoken about the situation on the ITV show. Just a few weeks before announcing their split, Vanessa told Best magazine the duo had discussed their New Year's resolutions as a couple. They also discussed in the letters what they wanted from each other to improve their relationship. READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December Ben wrote to Vanessa: "I was kinda thinking maybe you could do a few things that would make our relationship stronger and cause less strife. "I was thinking you could relax a little when we argue and not want to win every disagreement - so unless it's essential that one of us is always 'right', I think we can agree to disagree, as life is too short for arguing." Vanessa then requested for Ben to drink less, and promised she would then stop obsessing over her time-keeping. She also asked Ben to pass his driving test so he could become the designated driver as she "had the privilege of doing it for 16 years". Vanessa sat with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield to discuss her split since her Instagram announcement over the weekend. She admitted how foolish she feels for having faith in the relationship while admitting she feels "terribly humiliated". Vanessa said: "I think I'm feeling like anyone else would after a 16-year relationship that I had my heart and soul in. "When you have to end a relationship it is very hard. I've had so many messages, it feels like millions, from people going through the same thing. I don't want to minimise it. People have been amazing." DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Ben Affleck sternly declines to comment on 'row' with Jennifer Lopez [HOLLYWOOD] Ashton Kutcher explains awkward Reese Witherspoon pic with affair fear [COMMENT] Vanessa first met Ben in 2005, having divorced surgeon Michael Kuror in 2000 due to cheating allegations. She and Michael were married for 17 years and they share daughters Allegra, 37, and Saskia, 34. Talking about Ben's alleged cheating, Vanessa said: "It wasn't me that told anybody about it, I tried to keep it private as much as I could. "You know that everyone knows your private business, but on the other hand, you don't have to keep explaining it and everyone gives you a cuddle." Vanessa was asked if she had a feeling that Ben was being unfaithful or if her discovery was a complete shock. Vanessa replied: "Both, I think, terrible shock and a kind of gradual thing, It's often the case, a mixture of the two. "I don't really want to dwell on anything and I want to focus on the future and that there is a future. I want there to be. To really gather all the love and spend time having a good time. "We're doing a phone-in about broken hearts, I don't know but if they could call in and help me out and give me advice." Ben has broken his silence on the situation by simply sharing a broken-heart emoji on social media.