The consistent rise in rates has meant people on variable rate mortgages have seen their repayments soar. Some homeowners could see their repayments increase by as much as £1,380 a year, experts have warned. Alex Loydon, director of Partner Engagement and Consultancy at St. James’s Place, encouraged those not on a fixed term mortgage to “shop around” for the best rate. She told Express.co.uk: “It’s hard to say with any degree of certainty whether interest rates will continue to rise but given the pace at which inflation is reducing and what’s driving this, plus the Bank of England’s target, it’s likely we might see future interest rate rises. “One might argue that locking into a fixed rate mortgage for the next two years, might be a sensible move.” She said mortgage holders should also make sure they can afford any potential increases in repayments and speak to their provider to understand what options they have. READ MORE: 'It’s the right time!' Savers urged to switch their accounts as interest rates peak looms  More than 750,000 Britons are at risk of defaulting on their mortgage in the next two years, the Financial Conduct Authority warned previously. The group found more than 200,000 households had already fallen behind on payments by the end of June 2022. Another tip from Ms Loydon was to focus on building up credit score so when a person remortgages, they can get a better deal. She also said: “If you’re already borrowing, overpay if you can, especially if you’re on a low fixed rate as when your term comes to an end, you’ll have lower borrowing.” The Bank of England has continued to up the base rate in efforts to tackle growing inflation, which peaked at just over 11 percent in late 2022. Ms Loydon said the inflation rate is expected to continue to fall in coming months. She explained: “There is considerable uncertainty about how fast inflation will fall and what the new norm may be. "As suggested in December by the Bank of England, inflation could fall rapidly from mid 2023, with predictions of four percent by the end of the year.” Tim Leonard, personal finance expert at NerdWallet, told Express.co.uk about what the latest interest rates increase may mean for homeowners and mortgage rates. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost   He said: “The biggest immediate impact will be on the monthly payments of those with a variable rate mortgage. “This will include anyone with a tracker mortgage, which automatically ‘tracks’ the base rate. As a rough guide, if you’ve got a £200,000 tracker rate mortgage at 3.5 percent which now rises to four percent, you can expect your monthly payments to increase by around £50. “If you’re sitting on your lender’s standard variable rate - or SVR - or have a discount mortgage, your lender has discretion as to whether your rate will change, but these also tend to follow the base rate.” More than two million households are set to see their fixed term mortgage come up for renewal sometime between December 2022 and December 2023, according to ONS data. Over half of these people will be renewing a fixed term mortgage that was fixed at below two percent, meaning their payments could significantly increase. Mr Leonard explained: “It’s estimated that the repayments on a £200,000 mortgage being renewed at a fixed rate of four percent, up from two percent previously, will increase by around £200 per month. “Unfortunately, this increase in the base mortgage rate will have an impact on a homeowner’s monthly household budget. “They may need to make changes to their spending habits or consider switching to a fixed-rate mortgage in order to secure a more stable monthly repayment amount.”