Frank Warren claims Tommy Fury vs Jake Paul is not an influencer fight and is closer to ‘proper boxing’. The Queensbury Promotions chief has differentiated the contest from the crossover alternative as both men have professional licenses and have undergone stringent medical testing. Influencer promotions such as Misfits Boxing and KingPyn put on ‘semi-professional’ shows between various big names from the world of social media and have generated a lot of interest since their respective inceptions. The last two years have seen everyone from YouTubers, TikTokers and even OnlyFans stars trying their hands at boxing in what has become a multi-million-pound industry. Although not adamantly against the idea of crossover boxing, Warren wants to make it clear that Fury vs Paul falls into a completely different category and says that promotions that pit OnlyFans models against each other cannot be compared to the Saudi showdown – co-promoted by himself. “Jake Paul now has a license and is fighting another licensed boxer in Tommy Fury, which is different to this other influencer stuff. Obviously, if he wasn’t a properly licensed boxer then we wouldn’t be putting it on,” Warren told Express Sport. “I don’t want to sound like some fogy but I see guys that are capitalising on the followers than they build on social media and monetise that through boxing and I don’t have a problem with that, but it must be done under strict circumstances in as much as they should have licenses and go through the same stringent testing that the British Boxing Board of Control carries out. “I saw two girls from OnlyFans wanted to fight each other and now suddenly they’re looking at putting on a show. That to me isn’t boxing, they shouldn’t call it boxing and God forbid anything went wrong because the first finger they’re going to point at is us as a sport. But people are buying into this, and a lot of stuff is unfortunately driven by social media content. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury shake on money-spinning bet ahead of Saudi grudge match Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity “Tommy Fury and Jake Paul is a competitive eight-round fight that has generated a lot of interest from their followings, but they have gone about it the proper way and have got licenses and put a lot of time into training and learning about the sport.” For the last five years, Paul has dedicated his life to boxing, putting his various other side hustles on hold as he pursues his goal of becoming the best pugilist he possibly can. The Problem Child recently relocated to Puerto Rico in order to concentrate on his training and has quickly become one of the most talked about names in the sport. During his 6-0 professional boxing career he has defeated former MMA champions Ben Askren, Tyron Woodley and Anderson Silva. However, the ex-Disney star has been widely criticised for not fighting ‘legitimate boxers’. But that is set to change on February 26 when he squares off against Fury, who holds a 8-0 record in the paid ranks and an extensive amateur career.