Leeds United have finally found Jesse Marsch’s replacement after appointing former Watford boss Javi Gracia - but his arrival could spell trouble for Weston McKennie. The Whites announced Gracia as their new manager on Tuesday, ending a long and eventful search for Marsch’s successor. It is likely his deal only runs until the end of the season and, if he manages to keep Leeds in the Premier League, then club chiefs will consider offering him longer terms. The Spaniard becoming manager has put McKennie’s future into doubt, though. The central midfielder joined Leeds from Juventus on loan - with an option to buy for £28.9m ($35m) - during the January transfer window. McKennie decided to sign for Leeds because of compatriot Marsch. But now that Gracia is in charge, it is unclear whether the United States international will remain in west Yorkshire beyond his initial loan. JUST IN: Virgil van Dijk speaks out after Jamie Carragher rant with Liverpool stars 'angry' at loss Italian source TuttoJuve24 have provided a report on McKennie’s situation. They claim there are two big factors which could prevent McKennie from signing for Leeds on a permanent basis. The first is the number of appearances he makes. It is stated that Leeds can only trigger the buy option if McKennie plays at least ten times this campaign. He has featured four times so far, once under Marsch and three times under interim manager Michael Skubala. But McKennie taking his appearance tally up to ten depends entirely on Gracia. If the new boss does not fully trust him, then he will not get the necessary game time needed for Leeds to trigger his permanent move. The second major concern surrounding McKennie’s future is whether Gracia is successful in helping Leeds avoid the drop. If they go down then McKennie’s transfer will not be made permanent. DON'T MISS Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of do-or-die Tottenham clashMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag set to be missing five players for blockbuster Barcelona clashMan Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar bid revealed, Glazer 'doubt' raises worry, share price sinks Both of these factors put the 24-year-old’s Juve exit "at great risk", according to the report. If he is forced to return to Juve, then he will be left in limbo as the Serie A club do not want him. There is the slight possibility of McKennie going to Tottenham if his Leeds spell turns out to be short. Spurs are long-term admirers of McKennie and looked into signing him before he went to Leeds. Gracia’s first match in charge will be a crucial clash against fellow strugglers Southampton on Saturday. After that, Leeds visit Fulham in the FA Cup fifth round.