China has called for peace talks and a ceasefire in the Ukraine war in a shocking intervention as the country tries to become a peacemaker. The country said it wanted to stop the conflict from spiralling out of control and argued dialogue and negotiation are the only possible route to resolve the conflict. The Chinese foreign ministry on Friday released a 12-point paper explaining its position on a "political settlement". The proposal comes a year after Putin shocked the world with its invasion of Ukraine. "Conflict and war benefit no one. All parties must stay rational and exercise restraint, avoid fanning the flames and aggravating tensions, and prevent the crisis from deteriorating further or even spiralling out of control," the statement said. Over the conflict, China's position on the situation has been challenging to read with diplomats walking a tightrope between appearing neutral and respecting the country's close ties to the Kremlin by blaming NATO for provoking the conflict. Last February, the state abstained from a UN Security Council resolution which disapproved of the war in Ukraine. And yesterday evening, the country abstained from another vote calling for Russia to "immediately" and "unconditionally" remove its troops from Ukraine. As well as asking for a dialogue, the new proposal urges the West to end its comprehensive sanctions on Russia. It also called for measures to protect the safety of Ukraine's nuclear facilities, create humanitarian corridors for refugees, and efforts to maintain grain exports. Doctor Marina Miron, a researcher at King's College London's Defence Studies department, questioned China's motives behind the document. She told Express.co.uk it was China's "attempt to position itself between two parties because of worsening China relations." She added: "I think it's just a diplomatic document which is very ambiguous in its nature, it doesn't really provide a way forward. "It is just something to put out in the diplomatic sphere rather than a real attempt to halt hostilities in Ukraine." Behind its public discourse, China appears to be preparing to offer "lethal support" for Russia, according to US Intelligence. On Thursday, the US State Department warned China that any assistance to Russia would be "at their own peril". READ MORE: 'Putin won't see his next birthday', Russian dissident MP claims It is also that understood many in Kyiv are likely to be uneasy about Beijing's urge for a ceasefire unless Russia gives back all its occupied territory. In the past, Zelensky has slammed Putin's attempts to create peace on his terms. The Ukrainian leader proposed his own 10-point peace plan which required Ukraine's territorial integrity and for Putin to pull out all of his troops. "Our view is that Russia should unconditionally withdraw all of its forces from the territory of Ukraine," Zhanna Leshchynska, a diplomatic representative of Ukraine's embassy in Beijing said today (24 February).  China's statement also demands that nuclear weapons "must not" be used as a nuclear war "cannot be fought". It said: "We oppose development, use of biological and chemical weapons by any country under any circumstances."  Don't miss... German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [LATEST] Another huge 5.0 quake hits Turkey weeks after thousands killed [LATEST] Putin allies issue chilling threat to nuke Yellowstone Supervolcano [LATEST] But Vladimir Putin has continued to spark war fever in Russia. In a massive rally in a Moscow sports stadium, the leader said Russia was fighting for "historical lands". And in another speech this week, he warned of global conflict as he announced his suspension of Russia's participation in the important New Start treaty. The despot also shared his plans to deploy powerful nuclear-capable Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missiles. Ms Leshchynska said if China wants to show it is neutral, it should push Russia to pull out its troops and increase its engagement with Ukraine. So far, China's president Xi Jinping has not called Zelensky but has spoken to Putin multiple times. Despite Ukraine's expectations about the type of peace they want, Zelensky has said China's calls for peace are a good start. "I think that, in general, the fact that China started talking about peace in Ukraine, I think that it is not bad. It is important for us that all states are on our side, on the side of justice," he said in a press conference on Friday alongside Spain's prime minister. US State Department spokesman Ned Price said on Thursday (February 23) the US would delay its judgement of the plan but said China's close ties to Russia meant it was impossible for Xi Jinping to be a neutral mediator. "We would like to see nothing more than a just and durable peace...but we are sceptical that reports of a proposal like this will be a constructive path forward," he said. Yet, Price said the state department still has hope for China's proposal because of the country's unique position. He said he hopes "all countries that have a relationship with Russia unlike the one that we have will use that leverage, will use that influence to push Russia meaningfully and usefully to end this brutal war of aggression. "[China] is in a position to do that in ways that we just aren't." 