Giannis Antetokounmpo became the all-time assists leader in Milwaukee Bucks franchise history before he was forced to leave the win over the Chicago Bulls with a wrist injury. The Bucks rallied to secure a 112-100 win over the Bulls on Thursday night despite losing their star man. Milwaukee stormed to a comfortable win - their 41st of the 2022/23 season - but their championship hopes ultimately hinge on the availability of Antetokounmpo. He suffered a wrist sprain in the second quarter, placing his participation in this weekend’s 2023 All-Star Game in doubt. The two-time MVP injured his wrist while attempting to block a finger roll attempt by Bulls star Coby White after the guard drove past him. Antetokounmpo jammed his wrist against the stanchion and stayed down grimacing in pain before exiting the game. The Greek Freak is a captain in this upcoming All-Star Game in Salt Lake City, with Team Giannis set to take on Team LeBron after LeBron James and the Bucks star were voted as captains. Milwaukee coach Mike Budenholzer addressed Antetokounmpo’s injury after the game, saying: “I think the initial reports were hopeful. READ MORE: Jordan at 60 - Barkley beef, LeBron James view, what NBA icon does now “The x-ray was clean, and he's got a sprain. I think we'll see how he feels tomorrow, see how he feels the next few days and continue to evaluate it.” Antetokounmpo finished with just two points - his season-low - as well as three assists, giving him enough to surpass Paul Pressey’s franchise record of 3,272 from 1982 to 1990. The 28-year-old has 3,274 assists to his name after the Bucks drafted him back in 2013. Antetokounmpo matched the assists mark when he fed Lopez for a three-pointer two minutes into the game and broke it when he passed to Jevon Carter for another deep shot that gave Milwaukee a 19-10 lead in the first quarter. The Greek star is also the Bucks’ career leader in blocks, triple-doubles, free throws made, free throws attempted and minutes. DON'T MISS Ime Udoka 'replaced' as Boston Celtics head coach after NBA suspensionLos Angeles Lakers chief's Brooklyn Nets dig over Kyrie Irving tradeLeBron James hailed by Tiger Woods as he sends NBA star tribute Antetokounmpo is in the MVP conversation once again, averaging 31.8 points, 12.2 rebounds and 5.4 assists in 47 games while shooting 53.8 percent from the floor. His production and health is key to the Bucks’ hopes of returning to the NBA Finals, but he has struggled knee issues this season. He missed five games in January with a knee injury, which saw the Bucks go 2-3 without their best player. They were forced to rely on both Bobby Portis and Jordan Nwora to fill his position.  Meanwhile, the Bucks secured the win over the Bulls thanks to a season-high 33 points from Brook Lopez, while Jrue Holiday registered 15 points and nine assists. Chicago slipped to their sixth defeat in a row despite Nikola Vucevic’s 22 points and 16 rebounds. The 41-17 Bucks take on the Miami Heat on Friday night in their next contest. The 32-27 Heat sit seventh in the Eastern Conference, some way behind the Bucks in second - who are half a game behind the Boston Celtics.