The appearance of grout can make or break the overall look of tiles in any room, whether they're on the walls, floors, or in a bathroom or kitchen. While everyday wear and tear are hard to avoid when it comes to maintaining white grout, stubborn grime from mould and other stains is easier to prevent. But if it's already too late, cleaning professionals have shared exactly how to "brighten" household grout using two items you already have in your home. Dish soap and water are staple cleaning ingredients in any home, and both are incredibly accessible no matter your budget. You may underestimate the cleansing abilities of these gentle formulas but combined, they can work wonders on even the toughest stains. Whether you're dealing with black mould between bathroom tiles or soap scum stuck to the grout, a tile expert has shared his easy remedy for fast results. Robb Roderick, a technical trainer at the National Tile Contractors Association explained the "one key ingredient" you need to "brighten" grout is a "DIY mixture of warm water and dish soap". READ MORE: ‘Expensive’ interior ‘faux pas’ to avoid - rooms will look ‘rubbish’  He noted this simple combination should "do the trick" when dealing with dull or discoloured grout and tiles. You will also need a microfiber cloth and an old toothbrush or hard-bristled scrubber to gently exfoliate stains. Whether you have stone, porcelain, or ceramic tiles, the cleaning method is the same. Start by filling a bowl or spray bottle with warm water and add a few drops of dish soap. Shake or stir until the liquid is bubbly and apply to the stained grout. If you're using a bowl, allow the cloth or brush to soak in the liquid before applying it to the tiles. Scrub vigorously to lift stains and reveal a "brighter" white surface.  DON'T MISS...‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [EXPERT]‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple [TIPS]I used the two minute baking soda method to clean my stained microwave [COMMENT] If it doesn't work the first time, a second application of the cleansing liquid should be all you need. Robb warned against reaching for "harsh chemicals" such as those found in bleach, and even said to avoid "very acidic" vinegar as it is too strong for stone tiles and can "weaken and damage the grout". For an even deeper clean on bathroom tiles, you can use some hot water from your shower to loosen the stains. To do this, spritz your tiles with the soapy solution and then turn on the hot water in your shower for five minutes. READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple Keep the door closed to allow the steam to build up in your bathroom and leave a watery residue on the tiles. Turn the shower off and wait 20 minutes before cleaning the tiles. This is as simple as wiping the grout with a hard bristled brush and polishing the tiles in circular motions for extra shine. If the troublesome grout is on your kitchen floor, you mop the tiles with hot water for a similar effect. Simply sweep the floor and mop afterwards before leaving for 10 minutes. While the tiles are still damp, clean between them using a cloth and your dish soap solution. You should avoid using boiling water as this could cause damage to the tiles. Bleach may have a whitening effect on surfaces though water works best as it has a neutral pH of seven, and is particularly gentle and safe for grout, according to o Robb. He explained that that's less true for highly acidic cleaners (such as vinegar, which has a pH of around two) and highly alkaline cleaners (such as bleach, with a pH of around 12), so you want to use them very sparingly. Ultimately, elbow grease is the most important tool when it comes to reviving dull filler between tiles, so you need to be prepared for some vigorous scrubbing if you want instant results. Always blot clean grout and tiles dry with a lint-free rag for a polished finish and to avoid any water marks ruining your hard work.