Lancashire Police believe Nicola Bulley fell into a river when she went missing last Friday. Officers today said she has not been found despite an extensive search of the area along the River Wyre. Superintendent Sally Riley said: "Our main working hypothesis is that Nicola has suddenly fallen into the river, that there's no third-party or criminal involvement, and that this is not suspicious but a tragic case of a missing person."  Ms Bulley, 45, a mortgage adviser from Inskip, Lancashire, vanished while walking her dog after dropping off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school. She was last seen at 9.10am and she had logged on to a work Teams call, which ended at 9.30am with her still logged on. Her mobile phone and the lead and harness for her dog, springer spaniel Willow, were found on a bench close to the River Wyre in the Lancashire countryside. Police believe Ms Bulley vanished in a 10-minute window. Superintendent Riley told a press conference in the village of St Michael's on Wyre where she disappeared on January 27 that the last confirmed sighting of her took place at 9.10am that day where she was seen on Upper Field walking her dog. Her dog was off the lead which was normal, the superintendent added. At 9.20am police believe her phone was on a bench while connected to a work Teams meeting, which ended 10 minutes later. Ms Riley said: "We only have a 10-minute window in which we cannot account for Nicola's movements."   Superintendent Riley said an "issue" with missing Ms Bulley's dog may have led her to the water's edge. She said: "I don't wish to speculate, in that we don't know, but it is possible as the dog was loose and off the lead. "There may have been an issue with the dog that led her to the water's edge, she puts her phone down to go and deal with the dog momentarily, and Nicola may have fallen in. "We assume the dog didn't get into the river, but we don't know why Nicola may have if she did." Ms Riley added that "the dog was dry" and Ms Bulley can swim. READ ABOUT SCROES OF WETHERSPOONS PUBS CLOSING   Superintendent Riley also gave a list of clothing and accessories police are searching for in connection with the missing mum. She told the press conference: "I do have an update on the clothing that Nicola was last seen wearing, and this is something that the public who live in the area, or who walk their dogs on the river path near to St Michael's or downstream of St Michael's towards Morecambe Bay, can look out for. "They are an ankle-length black quilted gilet jacket, a black Engelbert Strauss waist-length coat which was worn underneath the gilet, tight-fitting black jeans, long green walking socks tucked into her jeans, ankle-length green Next wellies, a necklace and a pale blue Fitbit. "It's really important that the public pay heed to those very specific clothing descriptions please, because factual sightings of those items would be very useful to us."  DON'T MISS: US monitoring suspected Chinese spy balloon [REVEALED] Tucker Carlson blasts Boris as 'coward' after ex-PM's GOP jibe [LATEST] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry spotted at star-studded party in the US [REPORT]    She added: "I would also appeal to the public to keep themselves safe in this inquiry. People going out at night in the darkness could fall into the river and face other hazards. "Likewise, if they go out in boats on the river, please only do so if you've got experience in that."  Meanwhile, Ms Bulley's partner has said he will "never lose hope" as her distraught family marks one week since her disappearance. Paul Ansell said he "cannot get his head around" how she had vanished and said his focus was on staying strong for their two daughters.  Speaking near the scene where Ms Bulley was last seen, Mr Ansell told broadcasters: "Every single scenario comes to a brick wall. Every single one of them. "All we are doing is sitting there going round and round and round through each scenario." He added: "We're never, ever going to lose hope, of course we're not, but it is as though she has vanished into thin air. It's just insane." The 44-year-old said his "whole focus" is on the couple's two girls and that he was "hoping to goodness" people would come forward with new information following an interview with Ms Bulley's parents and sister on Thursday.   On Friday morning, members of the local community stood by the side of the road holding signs bearing Ms Bulley's photo, urging people to contact police with information. Mr Ansell said the support from the community had given the family "a great amount of comfort". Ms Bulley's friend, Emma White, told the BBC: "Seven days on, such a tough milestone today for all the family and friends. "We're out in force today. We've had banners made, placards with her face, so the idea is that seven days on there might be someone that's passing today that passed last Friday, that might be able to shed that glimmer of hope we need."   She added: "They are the most close-knit family. Those poor girls asking questions, 'where's mummy, how is mummy'." A potential witness, a dog walker, who was traced following a police appeal on Thursday, said she had spoken to officers and "doesn't know anything". Christine Bowman, 67, told the Daily Mirror: "It has made local women fearful. If they have husbands or partners, they have been taking the dogs out instead." Lancashire Police, which has launched a huge search operation, said despite "unanswered questions", people should not "speculate or spread false rumours" about the disappearance. 