Leading brexiteer Richard Tice has accused the government’s independent reviewer of terrorism legislation of putting the British people at “risk” with his calls for the return of Shamima Begum to Britain. Jonathan Hall KC is set to argue that the 23-year-old, who left Bethnal Green in east London to join ISIS in 2015, should be given her citizenship back and repatriated because that is the policy being followed by the UK’s key allies.  However, Reform UK leader Mr Tice dismissed the suggestion, telling Express.co.uk: “We do not want to bring the wives or children of brutal ISIS terrorists back to the UK. This can only add risk and cost onto UK citizens when the role of Government is to protect its citizens. Those arguing otherwise ignore this basic fact." The former MEP also said that preventing those that leave the UK to join terror groups will disincentivise others to do the same. “Preventing their return will be a valuable deterrent to others. It is basic common sense”, he said.     Lawyers calling for Shamima Begum to return to the UK argue that she was trafficked to Syria as a child. She left the UK with two other school girls in 2015 to join Islamic State. However, when the caliphate fell, she found herself in a refugee camp in northern Syria. Last week, Begum saw her appeal against then-home secretary Sajid Javid’s decision to strip her of her citizenship fail. The Special Immigration Appeals Commission ruled that Mr Javid’s decision was lawful on national security grounds. In a call to see Begum brought back to Britain, Mr Hall KC is expected to say: "Compared to men, women are less likely to have travelled for the purpose of fighting, are less likely to have played battlefield roles, may well have had less autonomy in being able to leave and now make up the majority of those UK-linked individuals detained. READ MORE: Body of man and his dog found in Scottish Highlands search for hiker   "Women with children may also fear child protection measures being taken against them... mitigating against further terrorist engagement. For UK-linked children, the less time spent being incubated as cubs of the caliphate the better." The KC’s view that Begum should be repatriated is one that is shared across the House. Tory MP David Davis, a former Government minister and shadow home secretary, said the situation was a “shameful abdication of responsibility and must be remedied”.     Meanwhile the BBC last week fended off criticism, after being accused of handing Begum an “unchallenged platform” during her starring role on their ‘I’m Not A Monster’ podcast. In response the broadcaster said: “This is not a platform for Shamima Begum to give her unchallenged story. This is a robust investigation into who she really is and what she really did. "We encourage people to listen to the podcast, watch the documentary and make up their own minds. We have seen significant interest from viewers and listeners who have expressed their appreciation of this investigation.” 