As the hit BBC show, Dragons’ Den has returned for its 20th series, many viewers may be wondering have any of the ingenious and inventive ideas from the reality television program have ever been a success story. DiscreteHeat is seen as one of these success stories, securing contracts worth £5million. Martin Wadsworth entered the Den in 2008 seeking £150,000 for a 10 percent stake in a business, DiscreteHeat. At this time, the business was making a loss which made the Dragons’ reluctant to invest. DiscreteHeat designs and sells energy efficient room heating situated between the two industry giants: radiators and underfloor heating. While discussing numbers, James Caan realised Mr Wadsworth’s product was actually four times more expensive than the current market leading alternatives. READ MORE: State pension age changes may impact access to free bus pass - when will you get yours?  Mr Wadsworth explained he had put £400,000 of his own money into the business, declining investment offers as he was searching for just the right person to come along that can help market the product well. 12 months after Mr Wadsworth’s pitch, Mr Caan met up with the entrepreneur to discuss how the business was doing despite no investment. He shared the business was struggling to keep up with the intense demand from all over the world. The revenue forecasts for DiscreteHeat were between £1.3million and £1.5million despite trading during the 2008 recession. READ MORE: Pensioners could qualify for energy bill support worth £775 - what can you claim? [INSIGHT] Mr Caan hinted that DiscreteHeat could be the one that got away, as he concluded: “For me, today, this is probably one where there is a sense of regret.” After being knocked back by the Dragons in 2008, Mr Wadsworth steadily built a business from scratch, manufacturing an innovative skirting board that doubles as a radiator. Now selling in more than 20 countries, the ThermaSkirt is installed all over the world. In 2015, the company secured its biggest contract to date – worth £5million - with a national care home builder and, in turn, the NHS. Another success story from the Den was husband and wife duo, Neil and Laura Westwood with their company Magic Whiteboard. Magic Whiteboard is now an office and classroom must-have, and it is also the perfect tool for those regularly working from home. Since the show, the pair have seen a lot of success and have even bought back their shares from Deborah Meaden and Theo Paphitis after giving them a return of £800,000 from the original £100,000. By 2016, they had sold one million units and their product continues to grow.