The Office star Mackenzie Crook says his family has been left "clutching at straws" as the hunt to find his missing sister-in-law enters its second week. West Sussex Police have told Express.co.uk they have searched an extensive rural area to try and find Laurel Aldridge, 62, and have used a variety of search equipment. Laurel was reported missing from her home in Walburton, West Sussex, last Tuesday, February 14. She had been undergoing chemotherapy treatment, but did not turn up for a treatment session that day. Ms Aldridge is the older sister of Mr Crook's wife, with the star, who became a household name playing Gareth Keenan in the iconic comedy series, revealing that it has been "agonising" searching for her - but he and the family still have a "strong suspicion" she is in the area and are pleading with people to check outhouses and gardens in the area. Police have undertaken extensive searches including house to house enquiries, Express.co.uk understands. Officers have worked with specialist volunteer search and rescue teams and used the police helicopter, search teams, search dogs, and drones. Police have described Laurel as "very vulnerable", and are asking for anyone who has seen her to come forward. Chief Superintendent Howard Hodges said officers had been working "around the clock" and are pursuing "multiple lines of enquiry." She was last spotted at Slindon Cricket Club, a 10-minute drive from Walberton. There were two Sussex Police dog unit vehicles as well as another car with missing posters stuck to its rear windscreen parked at the club. READ MORE: Woman 'shunned by her family' after claiming to be Madeleine McCann [REVEAL] Walberton residents have described the Sussex Police search effort as “amazing”. One resident, who did not want to be named, told the PA news agency: “The police presence has been very much noticed, it’s the talk of the village. “The actor [Mackenzie Crook] said the same thing and it’s nice to have the police praised for once. I didn’t know her but I know a lot of people who do. “I suppose she went out of the village as there’s lots of woodland towards the Downs, so if she wanted to hide away there she’s got plenty of places she would never be found. DON'T MISS: Girl missing after failing to return home after school six days ago [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley - two arrested over 'malicious communications' [INSIGHT]Teenager found alive and pregnant in wardrobe a year and half [ANALYSIS] They added there was a "lot of sympathy for the situation" and people weren't "coming to conclusions or speculation", remarking: "After what happened to Nicola Bulley we don't want to speculate." Mr Crook told Good Morning Britain: "It's a week now, it was this time last Tuesday that she left the house with nothing but the clothes she was wearing, no keys, money, phone, and she's not been seen since." "She was diagnosed with cancer last year and she missed her fifth chemo session last Tuesday and we think that's what has triggered some sort of crisis in her and she's gone off for a long walk somewhere," he said. "We are really clutching at straws now after a week."  Mrs Aldridge is described as being around 5ft 4in with grey/blonde highlighted hair and sometimes wears glasses. She was last seen wearing a turquoise fleece, a maroon tartan scarf and brown hat. She also had a grey puffer jacket with her which she is likely to have been wearing. Drivers are asked to report to Sussex Police online or via 101 if there is someone who matches her description in their dashcam footage, especially if they have driven around the A27 or A29.