Rangers refused to print the details of their Viaplay Cup final on their shirts over the weekend to avoid having ‘Celtic’ on their strips. Though breaking the tradition did not prove to be a good omen as they were beaten 2-1 by their fierce rivals. Celtic star Kyogo Furuhashi was central to his side’s success, opening the scoring at Hampden Park in the 44th minute. The forward was on hand to tap home from close range following a cross from Greg Taylor, having missed several chances earlier in the half. Kyogo then doubled Ange Postecoglou’s side’s lead in the 56th minute as he turned and fired past Allan McGregor to send the Celtic supporters into a frenzy. Rangers were given a glimmer of hope through Alfredo Morelos in the 64th minute, though they were forced to succumb to defeat on Sunday. There were numerous flashpoints in the tie, with the match certainly living up to the fierce rivalry between the two top Scottish sides. Rangers were certainly fired up for the occasion, and it has since been spotted that they refused to print the match details on their shirt. READ MORE: Roy Keane tells Erik ten Hag 'you must resign tonight' to his face after Man Utd win cup Michael Beale’s side broke the cup final convention as they did not want to print their opponent's name on to their shirts. They had ‘ViaPlay Cup final’ inscribed on the chest of their tops but avoided the full details of the match. Celtic, on the other hand, did not follow suit and those who kept their shirts will now be able to quickly be reminded of their success in the final when they come across the top in the future.  Though the Hoops were not completely professional throughout, refusing to post the word ‘Rangers’ on social media in the run-up to the match – instead referring to them as ‘the opposition’. Players also jumped in on the action, with several players getting involved in the trash-talking ahead of the tie, which added another element to the clash. Celtic hero Chris Sutton believes that Rangers should not have gotten involved with the war of words though and claimed that they will have ‘learned’ from the mistake. He explained: “It's a lesson for Rangers, a player or two have shot their mouths off in recent weeks. “It's better to shoot your mouth off when you have won a trophy or two. And that's a lesson, keep your mouth shut, win a trophy and then you can start cheering and celebrating."