The third season of Outer Banks has finally been released this week, and the return of Netflix’s sun-soaked drama has also arrived with good news for its leading man, Chase Stokes. The American star of the small screen recently confirmed he’s off the market as he shared a kiss with his girlfriend Kelsea Ballerini in a sweet update on Instagram. Stokes took to his Instagram stories on Thursday to share a cute snap of Ballerini planting a kiss on his cheek. The Outer Banks star beamed in the photo and confirmed they were official with the caption “my [love heart emoji]”. Meanwhile, Ballerini took to her own Stories to promote her famous boyfriend’s return to Netflix. She shared an image of Stokes smouldering in the new Outer Banks poster and added a smiley face below. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Stokes had previously teased their relationship with a photo of them both at the College Football National Championship on January 9. Ballerini has also opened up about their romance in this week’s episode of the Call Her Daddy podcast. She revealed they got talking when she messaged him first on social media, despite not having seen a single episode of Outer Banks. “I’ve never seen [Outer Banks], but I just knew of him,” she confirmed. “And yeah, so I followed him, and he followed me, and I just swan dove right on in.” She revealed she started the conversation by simply writing “Hi, Chase Stokes” in his DMs. Ballerini is a country pop singer and songwriter who signed with her first label, Black River Entertainment when she was 19. She has produced four studio albums so far and frequently appears in Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart. DON'T MISS:The Goldberg's Adam Goldberg star pays tribute after cancellation [TRIBUTE]Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [LATEST]NCIS boss teases Leroy Gibbs’ return [INTERVIEW] The couple got together after Ballerini filed for divorce from fellow musician Morgan Evans in August 2022 after nearly five years of marriage. Stokes had previously been dating his Outer Banks co-star Madelyn Cline, but they split after a year and a half in November 2021. In season three, their characters Sarah Cameron and John B are still together and embark on another dangerous adventure. On how serious her new relationship with the actor is, Ballerini confirmed they were currently “just vibing”. “I was ready to open back up,” she said. “I've just felt, why not? “I’ve never really dated, I don’t know how it works. I’m like, ‘Let’s just put ourselves out there; let’s just vibe.’ And it’s been fun.” Stokes’ Outer Banks character is also not ready to settle down just yet, as the conclusion of the third season sets up yet another thrilling mystery involving the uncovered diaries of Blackbeard the pirate. Outer Banks seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.