People with gaps in their National Insurance (NI) record have the option to voluntarily pay to top up their record. A person can check how much state pension they are on course to receive using the state pension forecast tool on the Government website. Moheen Ahmed, partner of Hoxton Capital Management, said it is often a good investment for Britons to pay in contributions towards their state pension. He explained: “As this is a Government-back secure income, it is generally a good idea for people to increase their state pension. “It is a no-risk option for income at a relatively low cost. Any other secure income would usually require a higher initial investment, such as through annuities or rental income.” The current cost of voluntary Class 3 NI contributions is £15.85 a week, which adds up to £824.20 a year. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ 'spot on' alert sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 A person typically needs 35 years of contributions to get the full new state pension, which is currently £185.15 a week. This means each complete year adds up to one 35th of a person’s state pension. This is the same as £5.29 a week or £275 a year in payments a person on the new state pension would receive once they reach state pension age, which is currently 66 for both men and women. Asked what sort of person should consider topping up their contributions, Mr Ahmed said: “It would usually not benefit people who have a lower life expectancy. “You can see the true return of the state pension after receiving it for a few years, so if there is a health concern that could impact life expectations, further calculations should be done to establish whether it is suitable. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] “Some people do not like the idea of having multiple sources of income and find it cumbersome to continue to include the state pension in tax returns (if you are an expat living abroad where you need to declare foreign income).” An individual usually needs at least 10 years of contributions to get any state pension payments. People can usually pay contributions up to six years ago, but at the moment they can pay back another 10 years, as far back as 2006. This offer is only available until the end of the tax year in April, after which Britons will only be able to top up their contributions as far back as the usual six years. READ MORE: Cancer patient on PIP ‘washing clothes in buckets’ to save money on washing machine A woman shared her story on this week’s Martin Lewis Money Show on ITV, about how she is on course to boost her state pension by £11,500, after paying in just £1,000 in voluntary contributions. Sheila was short on contributions across three years and by paying in £190 for one year and £800 for another year, she was able to boost her payments by £550 in total. There was another £800 she could pay to top up to the full contributions for the third year but this would only result in a 34p a week increase in payments, so she decided not to do this. Her husband Martin said that as a woman typically lives for 21 years beyond the state pension age, if Sheila lives this long she will get an additional £11,500 in payments thanks to the £990 top up. Martin said: “Martin’s [Lewis] advice during that show was absolutely spot on. I would have probably just gone ahead and paid the full three years, which would have been a little bit of a waste of money.” Asked what people can do if they are approaching their retirement and don’t have enough to live on, Mr Ahmed said: “First, look into your expenses. You can do a detailed expenditure questionnaire so you can see where your money is going. "Have a concrete idea of the lifestyle you want, and then start tweaking the numbers. Make sure that you have your full state pension. It tends to be the quickest and most cost-effective way of increasing your income in retirement. “Understand if you are eligible for any extra Government help. Depending on your circumstances, you might be.” One source of Government support for state pensioners is Pension Credit, which can top up a person’s income by up to £3,500 a year.