Sanjeev Bhaskar, 59, is joined in the upcoming series of Unforgettable by actress Sinead Keenan, instead of Nicola Walker. While promoting the series, the ITV actor has discussed the bullying he suffered in his childhood, and the unusual place he really enjoyed going to to get some of the "purest drama". Sanjeev will be reprising his role as DI Sunil 'Sunny' Khan along with the arrival of DCI Jessica James. The actor was asked in an interview with Saga International a surprising fact about himself, with him opening up about the bullying he suffered as a teen. He admitted: "I had quite a tough time in my late teens with bullying at school. "It left me quite isolated, but because we lived close to Heathrow Airport, one of the things that I really enjoyed doing was going to the airport for the day. READ MORE: Martin Lewis gushes about special anniversary for 'baby' "I’d get a sandwich and a drink, and I would basically sit between departures and arrivals watching people because I thought that’s where you got the purest drama. "You got the joy of people seeing each other again, and the pain of separation. I used to be fascinated with these stories happening right in front of me." Writer and star Sanjeev has also recently spoken out against the backlash he received following the last season finale of Unforgotten. Nicola's character, DCI Cassie Stuart, was suddenly killed off the series in an emotional car crash scene, with many viewers telling Sanjeev they would "never" watch the show again. Sanjeev shared: "Nicola and Cassie are both iconic, but I was still surprised by the outpouring of grief. A few people messaged me on social media saying they would never watch Unforgotten again… ‘Why couldn’t Cassie retire [rather than being killed in a car crash]?’ "Because, I said, ‘Life is not like that’. Nicola and I still chat every few weeks or send texts," he added to this week's Radio Times. In the season four finale, Cassie was physically and mentally exhausted after returning to police work, when she had wanted to stay signed off. Although it initially seemed like she was going to pull through, she never regained brain activity and unfortunately died. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Paxman attends A&E three times in 24 hours after 'chair attack' [NEWS] James Jordan 's***s himself' as he’s pulled over by police [COMMENT] Jude Law's ex Sadie Frost 'happier’ as she avoids hectic celeb life [HOLLYWOOD]  The new series will open up with DCI James' first day in her new job, clouded by an unforeseen and devastating introduction to her family life. Touching on the new series, Sanjeev explained to Express.co.uk: "It suddenly struck me that within this series, both Jess and Sunny are operating from a position of shock. "Jess is a new shock and he is an old shock. The grief has come from that shock of that moment going, ‘What the hell, nothing makes sense.’ "Jess has suddenly arrived at this point and people generally don't operate at their best, in those kinds of circumstances." "And I think for Sunny, we discovered that he was asked and turned down [a promotion] because I don't think he's in any fit state to make those kinds of decisions because he's still so consumed with confusion over what happened," he continued. Rhys Yates (Silent Witness), Martina Laird (The Bay), Ian McElhinney (Game of Thrones), Max Rinehart (Jekyll and Hyde), and Hayley Mills (Pollyanna) will all be making appearances. The regular cold case investigations team will be returning on Monday with Jordan Long and Carolina Main reprising their roles as DS Murray Boulting and DC Fran Lingley.