Prince Harry's rumoured plan to add "explosive" chapters to memoir Spare could hinder Sussex support in the US, a royal expert has told Express.co.uk. A publishing insider has said the Duke is considering including new pages in the best-selling book. However, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said it could be the "wrong thing" for the royal. "It could certainly be a very substantial hindrance to what they wish to do in the future because America and the wider world is where they were aiming - they were never looking to convert people in Britain - but if this rumour is true then I think they're doing the wrong thing," Fitzwilliams said. He continued: "It was wrong to write the book anyway and although a lot of people have read it and the publicity has been huge, it has led to a collapse in support in America. "We have to be careful about it because he has said if he added more it could be explosive. "Essentially it's a question of grinning and bearing it." JUST IN: Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return and attend King Charles's Coronation Fitzwilliams pointed to recent opinion polls indicating support for the Sussexes in the US has nosedived since the release of Spare on January 10. A Redfield and Wilton survey conducted for Newsweek revealed that Harry's net approval rating fell from -7 percent in January to -10 percent on February 19. The Duke's approval rating has tanked by 48 points since December 5, when he registered a positive net score of 38 percent. Meghan's ratings also fell as her 23 percent rating in December collapsed to -17 in February, having stood at -13 in January. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan make joint appearance to present Archewell Foundation prize  When asked about whether bombshell extra chapters could further damage relations between the Sussexes and the Firm, Fitzwilliams said: "Any further publicity of any sort which deals with other members of the Royal Family will not be welcome." There has been growing speculation about whether the 38-year-old Prince will add chapters to the paperback copy of Spare. A publishing insider told Page Six: "Prince Harry is already planning to add at least one new chapter…to the paperback version…our later this year or early next, when the hardcover sales have ended. "Readers are eager to know (Harry and Meghan’s) feelings about the royal backlash they have suffered after the airing of their Netflix doc and the publication of Spare." DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] Harry also hinted at the release of a second book during an interview with the Telegraph, claiming: "It could have been two book, put it that way." He added: "There are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me."