Amid news that water bills will leap by a further 7.5 percent from April to account for water firms’ increased investment in droughts and climate change, many Britons may be searching for ways to cut costs ahead of time. While Water UK argue that water bills still remain lower in real terms than they were a decade ago, consumer groups warn the increase could be the tipping point for the one in five customers already struggling to pay. Plumbing expert Parv Sangera has shared five tips that could help save upwards of £1,000 a year. Mr Sangera, managing director at City Plumbing, said: “As many families up and down the country are struggling with the deepening cost of living crisis, you might have noticed that your money isn’t stretching quite as far as it did last year.  “Many of us will be looking for any kind of cost savings that we can to make the situation more manageable in a financial sense.” However, he noted: “By conducting just a few simple checks and changing your everyday habits in the bathroom, you can make a big difference today and put more money back into your own pocket.” READ MORE: UK spends £60bn on gas imports in 4 months as 'cheapest' source wasted  Check for toilet leaks - save up to £1,360 According to Mr Sangera, toilet leaks are a rare issue but could be “devastating” for bank balances if left unaddressed. He explained: “A severely leaky toilet can waste a staggering 146,000 litres of water a year. This is an extreme example, but such a leak could potentially add a jaw-dropping £1,360 to your annual water bill. Even if your toilet leak was not this severe, it could still make a big difference to your water bills.” To check the toilet for leaks, the plumbing expert suggests adding a few drops of food colouring into the toilet tank and waiting an hour. If the coloured water reaches the toilet bowl, this indicates that there is a leak. DON'T MISS: We tested a heated throw to see if you could keep warm for 5p an hour [INSIGHT]Make this small change to save money on your Netflix bill [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    Upgrade the toilet - save up to £170 Many don’t tend to give too much thought to the water consumption of toilets, even though this is where around 30 percent of all water in a home goes. Mr Sangera said: “Older toilets use around 13 litres of water per flush, whereas low-flow toilets are specifically designed to use as little as three litres. Split flush buttons can also reduce toilet water consumption by letting you decide how much water is needed – typically using around four to six litres.” Mr Sangera continued: “While the savings per individual flush can seem small, this quickly adds up. Presuming an average of five flushes per day, an upgraded toilet using three litres per flush instead of 13 litres can save approximately £170 every year. READ MORE: Energy lifeline as map shows UK's untapped goldmine for blackouts  Take shorter showers - save over £100 per person Previous research by The Bathroom Showroom suggests that the average person in England is paying 16p extra a day for showers, which amounts to an extra £55 per year for every person that lives in a person’s household. However, this figure assumes that each person showers for an average length of eight minutes. Mr Sangera said: “We all like to relax for an extra few minutes in a warm shower on a cold day, but being more efficient could make a massive difference to your household income. Cutting your showering time in half to four minutes can save you more than £100 over the course of a year – that’s almost £500 in savings for a typical family of four.” Use an eco-shower head - save up to £95 Eco-shower heads use less water than a standard shower. While less wastage is good for the environment, it’s also good for stretched finances. According to the Energy Savings Trust, replacing a shower head with a water-efficient model could save a four-person household nearly £40 a year on gas for water heating and almost £55 a year on water bills if they have a water meter. This adds up to a total annual saving of around £95. Check taps for leaks - save over £50 Leaks are common and can be a “huge factor” in determining water bills, Mr Sangera has warned. Faulty taps are not always easy to spot, but these can waste thousands of litres of water every year. Mr Sangera said: “While the leak often comes from the sprout when the tap is closed, leaks can also occur in less inspected areas like from connecting pipes under the sink.” According to Ofwat statistics, a dripping tap can waste 5,000 litres of water a year, which could potentially add up to £50 to annual water bills per faulty tap, so it could pay to scout these out.