Christian Horner and Toto Wolff lock horns in a dramatic X-rated argument on Netflix’s new season of Drive to Survive. Horner and Wolff are involved in the heated debate which sees both sides hurling fiery insults at each other in a team principal meeting. The fight was filmed in Montreal, just a week after Lewis Hamilton suffered extreme back pain due to porpoising at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Wolff begins in a hostile mood as he vents his frustration at bosses for not accepting his push for rule updates. He said: "I hear lots of chit-chat talking about porpoising, The Chinese whispers through the press. Little emails being sent. I can tell you that all of you are playing a dangerous game. If a car ends in the wall because it's too stiff or it's bottoming out you are in the s*** and I am going to come after all.” Ex-Ferrari principal Mattia Binotto quickly interrupts, saying: "Toto Toto." Wolff interjects: “Wait a second I'm talking." READ MORE: Horner and Wolff bust-up to excite F1 fans in Drive to Survive Red Bull’s Horner then speaks up, accusing Wolff of dialling up the drama for TV. He explains: "Hang on. Are we playing to the cameras here, I think this is probably better off camera." Wolff responds: "No I don't care. If you think this is a little game or performance I tell you you're very wrong." Binotto stresses that safety was a “matter of team responsibility” in the same way as braking and suspension issues. Wolff replies: "Each of you has done something to limit the problem. Congratulations." However, the battle gets even more heated as Horner points the finger at Wolff for Mercedes problems. He shouts: "Well change your car, You've got a problem change your f***ing car." DON'T MISSMcLaren boss fires 'short-sighted' accusation at Wolff and Horner [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton hopes boosted as Russell offers positive W14 verdict [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff expects Red Bull issues to 'bite them' in Hamilton boost [ANALYSIS] Wolff hits back: "Then change your car because Checo [Sergio Perez] has been saying the car is f***ed. Checo has been on the record." Horner refuses to accept the claims, threatening to get Max Verstappen and Perez in the debate. He commented: “Speak to my drivers. Let's go and get them." Details of the fight had already been leaked by inside sources who revealed Wolff “lost his s***” at his rivals. A witness explained the tension was on a “different scale” to the pair’s previous press conference debates. The FIA eventually sided with Wolff and issued a technical directive to tackle porpoising for the Belgian Grand Prix. Cars will also be required to increase their heights by 15mm in 2023 due to the issues last year.