The family of a four-year-old girl who was killed in a brutal dog attack at her family home have described the incident as an "unthinkable tragedy". Alice Stones was killed by the dog in the back garden of her home in Netherfields, Milton Keynes, on Tuesday evening. Mum Louise Stones, 25, was overheard screaming "she’s dead, she’s dead" after witnessing the horrific attack. Friends are raising money online to support the single mum as she prepares for her daughter’s funeral. In an update on the GoFundMe, her friend Grace Wenham posted a new photo of little Alice. It shows the moment she blew out the candles on her birthday cake after turning four last August, reports the Mirror. In a note accompanying the snap, Grace posted a message from Alice’s grieving mum and other relatives.  She wrote: "The family … want to thank everyone who has donated, shared or sent their condolences during this horrendous time. "Nothing has gone unnoticed and they are overwhelmed with the love felt by the community during this unthinkable tragedy." The fund, which will pay for the funeral and living costs for Louise, now stands at nearly £3,000. It was launched yesterday to help give the "most special and beautiful send-off this little princess deserves". READ MORE: Expert warns 'severe dog attacks' rising over past 20 years  The page says: "Sadly, on the 31st January 2023, this world lost a beautiful little 4 year old girl to a tragic, awful accident. "We are the close friends and family of this loving mother and daughter, we are seeking support in raising money to help towards cost of funeral and living in this desperate time of need. "Anything that can be contributed will go towards supporting mum and family getting the help and support necessary In order to make this the most special and beautiful send off this little princess deserves. "We greatly appreciate everyone's love and condolences, please help us in allowing this family the time to grieve during this heartbreaking tragedy.  DON'T MISS:King wades into politically sensitive topic with letter to New Zealand [INSIGHT]Princess Kate has candid chat with radio star Roman Kemp [COMMENT]Harry and Meghan break cover for first time since attacking Firm [PICTURES] Her neighbours in the Netherfield area of the city said she had got the dog just six weeks ago. Thames Valley Police say they are still trying to determine the breed but have confirmed the animal was the family’s pet. 