Family members told TMZ that the celebrated actress has passed after a brief illness. The actress garnered countless awards and at one stage in her career became one of the most sought-after female stars. One of her first film roles, One Million Years B.C, garnered Raquel not just international fame but also the title of sex symbol. The 1966 film was a classic Hollywood hit, catapulting Raquel to celebrity status despite the actress only having a handful of lines. Speaking to Fox News in 2017, Raquel revealed this role was almost her undoing as well, due to the combination of a skimpy wardrobe and chilling weather conditions. She told the outlet at the time, according to Page Six: “I had already so much penicillin when I was wearing the fur bikini that I almost died. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' as royal couple seek help, claims Jane Moore “I had to rush, turn my car around and head right back to the doctor’s office, just run upstairs, jump in the elevator and all that. “It was really rough shoot, man. Really rough. And then I came to London and everybody knew who I was.” Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, Raquel became highly coveted in Hollywood, and started collecting hardware on the way too. The actress received her first Golden Globe in 1975 for her role in The Three Musketeers.  In 1996, Raquel’s status as a Hollywood icon was cemented as she received her star of the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The 1990s saw Raquel quickly reaching icon status as she was named in an issue of Empire Magazine in the list of 100 Sexiest Stars in Film History. Raquel was married four times, first to writer James Welch until 1964, just before her career began taking off. Three years later the star married movie producer Patrick Curtis but the couple divorced in 1972.  In 1980 the actress wed another movie producer, Andre Weinfield, in what would prove to be her longest marriage as it lasted for just over a decade. Raquel then married Richard Palmer in 1999, and the couple stayed together for five years before they split in 2004. The actress is survived by her two children from her first marriage, Tahnee, 61, and Damon, 63. Tributes poured in over social media as fans fawned over her life and career, with countless sending their condolences to the family.  On Instagram, fans flooded the comments section of Raquel’s last post, which was uploaded in 2018. The actress wrote in the caption: "On the cusp of the New Year, I look back on 2017-18 and the movie, ‘How To Be A Latin Lover,’ where I ended up sandwiched between TWO hunky leading men! Actor, writer and producer, Eugenio Derbez and actor, heart-throb Rob Lowe!! Makes a girl think twice! “Conclusion: It's never possible to have too much of a good thing! Sigh!” Express.co.uk has contacted Raquel’s representatives for comment.   