During Marvel’s Infinity Saga, which stretched from 2008’s Iron Man to 2019’s Avengers Endgame, the MCU never suffered a Rotten Tomatoes green splat of disapproval. Even the not-so-fondly remembered The Incredible Hulk and Thor The Dark World survived on 67 and 66 per cent respectively. To be classified as a “fresh” red tomato movie on the reviews aggregator, a film must score at least 60 per cent positive reviews ranging from three to five stars. However, just two years ago the franchise had its first “rotten” with Eternals. Oscar winner Chloé Zhao’s Eternals followed an ensemble cast of immortals played by the likes of Richard Madden and Angelina Jolie. Yet the film’s screenplay, pacing and character development came under fire from critics, with the blockbuster being awarded just 47 per cent positive reviews in 2021. Now Marvel’s latest movie Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania is set to arrive in cinemas this Friday and has suffered a similar fate from reviewers. As it stands, Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania has just 54 per cent positive reviews making it the second worst-reviewed MCU movie, just ahead of Eternals. In comparison, Black Panther and Avengers Endgame lead the MCU pack on 96 and 94 per cent respectively. Even the first two of Paul Rudd’s solo movies faired much better with critics. Ant-Man has 83 per cent positive reviews and Ant-Man and The Wasp is on 87 per cent. So what went wrong? Here’s what the top reviewers had to say: READ MORE: Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania first reactions 'Big Star Wars vibes' Daily TelegraphAnother two-hour blast from Marvel’s inexhaustible multicoloured CG gunge hose. New York Post Sorry to Raid on your parade, “Ant-Man” fans, but the third chapter is a pile of dirt. Washington PostIn Quantumania sprightly pacing and lighthearted humour have succumbed to the turgid seriousness that plagues so much of the comic book canon. DeadlineI have to confess I am getting quite sick of the sorcerer-style flashy and fiery effects so many of these comic book movies revel in. Mix it up next time, guys. CinemaBlend[A] blockbuster that’s never compelling for more than five minutes at a time and has nothing original or special to contribute to the superhero genre. Rolling StoneQuantumania is somehow heavy without feeling substantial, almost desperate in its dourness. Even scattered with occasional wisecracks, it makes Eternals feel positively breezy by comparison. Meanwhile, some critics weren’t so harsh, highlighting the best part of the film as Jonathan Majors’ introduction as the MCU’s new Thanos-level villain Kang the Conqueror. DON'T MISSAnt-Man 3 Quantumania theory: Kang's mind-blowing Shang-Chi connection [THEORY]Major Avenger’s death confirmed by Kang in Ant-Man Quantumania clip [DEATH]Avengers 5 The Kang Dynasty, Avengers 6 Secret Wars titles explained [AVENGERS 5] The Independent All in all – particularly when balanced against the weightiness of Majors’ performance – Quantumania nicely hits the mark: it’s goofy, but goofy to just the right degree. Hollywood ReporterWhile it’s not surprising that [Majors'] imposing physicality perfectly suits his iconic villainous character, he also invests his performance with such an arrestingly quiet stillness and ambivalence that you’re on edge every moment he’s onscreen. The GuardianDoes Kang bang? Why yes, he does. Majors brings the same emotionally intense it-boy energy of Adam Driver in The Force Awakens. EmpireMarvel, with all their resources, have made a film set in a universe where time and space are not as we know them, yet have ended up with something that looks surreal, but feels shackled. Mind-bending it is not. But that doesn’t mean it’s not fun. Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania hits cinemas on February 17, 2022.