Chase Stokes rose to international fame when Outer Banks made its initial debut two years ago on Netflix. The first two series revolved around the Pogues going on the hunt for treasure, as well as for answers as to what happened to John B's (played by Chase Stokes) dad. Season three will pick up from where the previous series left off with the gang in need of an extra hand and a shocking face returning from the teenager's past. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outer Banks. Outer Banks actor Chase Stokes is believed to be dating country pop singer and songwriter Kelsea Ballerini. She released her debut studio album The First Time in 2015, and her second album Unapologetically in 2017. Ballerini is behind hits such as Half of My Hometown, Peter Pan, Dibs, HeartFirst, and Miss Me More. Rumours began circulating around the potential pair when they were seen at a Georgia vs TCU football game at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California together. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue Stokes also had nothing but amazing things to say about Ballerini at the season three premiere of Outer Banks. When asked about her SNL performance, which will debut on March 4, by Extra, Stokes said: "She's an incredible human being. I adore her to death. "This is a huge moment for her. So, I'm just very, very proud of her." The 29-year-old singer is only newly single though with the ink still barely dry from her divorce papers. Ballerini was married to Australian singer Morgan Evans, tying the knot in December 2017 after falling head over heels while she was in Australia the year before. Their romance didn't last long though as they got divorced in November 2022. This isn't the only famous ex of the new couple as Stokes did date his co-star Madelyn Cline who plays his Outer Banks love interest, Sarah Cameron. They were together for more than a year before calling time on their relationship. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [UPDATE]The Murdaugh Murders documentary will be dropping on Netflix soon [RELEASE DATE]Michelle Keegan confirms Netflix role in Harlan Coben series [CAST] Before he became famous for the Netflix show, Stokes had another important romance. According to Elite Daily, he was in a long-term relationship with his high school sweetheart Xiomara Montalvo. They were together for a decade but the young couple broke up. Talking to New York Magazine's The Strategist in 2020, Stokes said: "I went through a breakup a little bit before quarantine, and it was with somebody I’d been with for almost 10 years." Here is the official synopsis for season three, giving subscribers a taste of what's to come: "After losing the gold and fleeing the Outer Banks, season three finds the Pogues washed ashore on a desert island that, for a brief moment, seems like an idyllic home. "Officially deemed 'Poguelandia,' the island’s newest residents spend their days fishing, swimming, and revelling in the carefree lifestyle of their temporary dwelling. "But things quickly go south for John B, Sarah, Kiara, Pope, JJ, and Cleo when they find themselves once again caught up in a race for the treasure, quite literally running for their lives. "They’re broke and far from home, they can’t trust anyone, Ward and Rafe are hungry for revenge, and there’s a ruthless Caribbean Don who will stop at nothing to find the bounty. "Was the treasure ever within their reach? Or was it all a trap to stop them once and for all? "Either way, it’s the Pogues against the world – and the only way out is together." Outer Banks season 3 will premiere on Friday, February 23, on Netflix.