For the HBO Max series’ final season, the Doom Patrol team face an impossible battle against their latest foe, an evil, ancient entity known as Immortus. The first half of the season concluded with a dramatic cliffhanger which saw most of the team captured by the Scissormen, and Express.co.uk managed to have an exclusive chat with a key member of the crew, who witnessed the insanity yet to come first-hand. Stunt double Khalil LaMarr has assured fans the final episodes of Doom Patrol will be well worth the wait once they finally surfaced. Unfortunately, HBO Max is yet to confirm when the second half of season four will be released, though it’s expected to arrive summer or autumn 2023. In the meantime, LaMarr joined the series recently as a stunt performer for season four newcomer Elijah Rashad Reed. Reed portrays Deric Hayes, one of Vic Stone/Cyborg’s (Joivan Wade) oldest friends, who has become instrumental in the team’s final adventure. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ During the wait, Reed’s stunt double has been previewing one of the show’s vast practical sets, this time featuring huge rib cages, dead foliage, and a staircase leading up to a hellish door. “To be on the set, it was amazing,” LaMarr recalled. “The detailing, the creativity. “The flowers looked like real flowers but they’re made out of paper. It’s just crazy, the set was just amazing. “I can’t wait until they actually show the episode where I’m being a crazy guy, I haven’t been able to post it yet!” Before becoming a stunt performer for Doom Patrol’s final season, LaMarr revealed he had just missed out on becoming a member of the main team. “Believe it or not, I had an audition for the character Cyborg,” he revealed. “For me to meet the actor at the end of casting, I was like, ‘Wow!’ I actually had an audition for a huge show like this, so it let me know I’m going in the right path.” LaMarr has already notched up considerable superhero experience before landing his DC role having doubled for the late Chadwick Boseman as Black Panther in the last two Avengers films. DON'T MISS:Squid Game reality show faces health and safety review [LATEST]Chicago Fire star lands Netflix role opposite Marvel hero [NEWS]The Flash boss shares real reason for Danielle Panabaker return [INSIGHT] Unfortunately, he has to keep details about his upcoming role in the final episodes of Doom Patrol under wraps. Even so, his presence on set already promises plenty of crazy stunts and action sequences are on the way. “Elijah Reed is an amazing actor,” he said. “I can’t really say much about the stunts. “But it was a great set to be on. Everybody was cool, Elijah and I had conversations every once in a while.” “It’s good to know these actors appreciate the work that we do, and we appreciate them for doing the work they do. “Without them, we wouldn’t have a job. Once that episode drops I’ll definitely be releasing that [footage].” The fourth season of Doom Patrol is one of the last projects in the expanded DC universe before the franchise is streamlined under co-chairman and CEO James Gunn’s ambitious new plan for Warner Bros. Doom Patrol season 4 part 1 is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.