Tottenham may be facing AC Milan on Valentine's Day as the Champions League resumes, but there is no love lost between the two clubs after their last fiery encounter 12 years ago. Antonio Conte's men travel to Italy hoping to take a favourable result away from their last-16 knockout tie, and their travelling fans will be keen for a repeat of their success last time they visited the San Siro to face the Rossoneri. It will be almost exactly 12 years to the day that Spurs - then managed by Harry Redknapp - flew to Milan as part of their Champions League campaign after qualifying from their group. To emphasise how much has happened in that timeline, their current head coach Antonio Conte was a virtual unknown in the managerial sphere with Serie B side Siena, Luka Modric was amongst the Spurs substitutes and an 18-year-old Harry Kane was on loan with Leyton Orient in League One. But if those facts were amazing to the modern Spurs supporter, those of a certain age in the stadium will have no trouble in casting their minds back to the incredible ill-tempered affair that unfolded. From the very start tensions threatened to boil over, and it was no surprise when Milan's Gennaro Gattuso and assistant Joe Jordan clashed on the touchline. READ MORE: Tottenham coach Stellini details Conte's heartwarming moment on return The Italian midfielder had been flying into challenges and reacted angrily to comments from the Spurs assistant on the touchline before deciding to confront him. To his astonishment, Gattuso appeared to grab his neck and push Jordan away but walked away without a yellow card. The players became embroiled in another brawl when former Arsenal man Mathieu Flamini, clearly fired up by facing former foes Tottenham, lunged in with two feet on Vedran Corluka and somehow avoided a red card. Gattuso was once again at the centre of the fracas, arguing with Michael Dawson. But there was some time for the football to take prominence, with Spurs stopper Heurelho Gomes producing two tremendous saves to keep the visitors in it. And when Peter Crouch slotted home the winner from a quick counter-attack, Tottenham fans were dreaming of a memorable European victory. DON'T MISSTottenham chief Daniel Levy makes honest Antonio Conte transfer claim Tottenham 'weighing up' free transfer for Liverpool star Naby KeitaTottenham 'line up Fabio Paratici replacement' as lengthy ban looms Gattuso, who had been booked for a separate incident, was clearly still seething from the incidents in the game and approached Jordan at the full-time whistle, this time catching the Scot with an extraordinary headbutt. Gattuso's antics not only sparked a 20-man brawl as the teams went down the tunnel, but also were enough to land him a four-match ban from UEFA. And despite delivering an apology, he claimed he was provoked by Jordan. “I lost my head, I did things I should not have done and I take responsibility for that," Gattuso later said. “Jordan busted my balls for the whole second half, but I should not have reacted like this. I apologise, and if a ban arrives I will accept it.” The encounter was so dramatic that famous Italian pundit Tiziano Crudeli was practically left in tears in the studio when Spurs scored, and again when he thought Zlatan Ibrahimovic had scored a last-minute equaliser only for it to be disallowed. At the beginning of the 2021-22 season, Gattuso was tipped to take over in north London after Jose Mourinho's sacking in February 2021. But strong opposition from the club's fans ensured he was not considered for the role, with Conte later landing the job after Nuno Espirito Santo's brief stint in charge. Both teams will be looking entirely different heading from that clash too, with Stefano Piolo in the dugout for the Italian side and Conte on the touchline for Spurs. But some Milan fans and areas of the Spurs support will not have forgoten the events from all of those years ago - and it should make for a similar fiery atmosphere in Milan on Tuesday night.