Gary Neville has said issued a brief statement condemning "any violence against women" after liking a tweet which named Mason Greenwood as an 'innocent man' after the Manchester United player had rape and assault charges against him dropped. Greenwood had all three charges against him dropped on Thursday by the Crown Prosecution Service.  But Neville ended up causing a stir on social media after he liked a tweet which named Greenwood as an "innocent man". A tweet from former CPS prosecutor read: "Mason Greenwood has had all charges against him dropped by the Prosecutors "What’s changed you may ask? It appears that (some) witnesses will no longer support a prosecution & new evidence came to light. It happens. He is an innocent man, that’s all we need to know." It was soon spotted that Neville had 'liked' the tweet with the former United defender receiving heavy criticism. And he took to Twitter to release a statement before 'unliking' the tweet.  Neville wrote: "I liked a tweet relating to the Mason Greenwood news this afternoon from Nazir Afzal. ( the former director of public prosecutions ). This like is being misinterpreted. It was a clumsy like as I obviously condemn any violence against women." Greenwood, 21, appeared in court back in November after being charged with rape, assault and controlling and coercive behaviour. He was re-bailed with a new hearing set for February 10, but the CPS announced they would discontinue prosecution in accordance with the Code for Crown Prosecutors.  A CPS spokesperson said: "We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. "We have explained our decision to all parties. We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met." Greenwood's last appearance for United came little over a year ago in a 1-0 defeat to West Ham. As the forward is 21 years old and was born in October 2001, he qualifies as an 'Under-21 player' and doesn't have to be registered in their 25-man squad.