Not for the first time, Fred riled Old Trafford as Manchester United drew with Leeds on Wednesday night. It was a poor performance from the Brazil international, who gave the ball away a staggering 27 times during the showdown. So, with the midfielder in the spotlight again, it’s time to look at why the Samba star has never been shown the door. This year will mark five years since United signed Fred. The midfielder had been courting interest from Manchester City back in 2018, having impressed with his performances for Shakhtar Donetsk in Ukraine. But United, needing a midfielder to help get the best from Paul Pogba, then won the race for the player instead. Fred was the Red Devils’ big signing that year, with Diogo Dalot and Lee Grant also touching down at the club. But his time at United would get off to a poor start, with the midfielder struggling to make his mark under Jose Mourinho. Mourinho was actually the man who pushed interest in Fred yet appeared reluctant to play the Brazilian during the early stages of their time together. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And Mourinho would eventually lose his job in December 2018, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer then taking charge. Solskjaer initially overlooked Fred as well, preferring a midfield than consisted of Pogba, Scott McTominay and Ander Herrera. Yet Fred impressed in a memorable 3-1 Champions League win over Paris Saint-Germain and, from that moment on, had his manager’s trust. Solskjaer would sign just two midfielders during his time in the dugout. Bruno Fernandes arrived in the January transfer window of 2020, with Donny van de Beek then following further down the line. But Solskjaer always respected Fred and, in February 2021, explained his stance on the player. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “When I came he was a boy that was struggling a bit. The numerous questions I got about Fred in press conferences then!” he remarked. “As I said then, players coming into a new country, it takes time to settle and it took some time for Fred to settle. “Now that he has, he’s grown in confidence.” And Solskjaer was happy with the character of Fred, too, saying: “There’s less time in the Premier League than what he’s used to; he's quickened up his game, he's not getting caught on the ball. “I’m not going to take any credit for that, it's the coaches, Michael Carrick and Kieran [McKenna] have been brilliant with him. “But it’s Fred himself that has had the hunger and the humility and wanted to learn and to stick at it and keep working. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “As you said, 100 games – there are not many people that can say they've played 100 games for Man United, and I’m sure there will be many more [appearances] to come. “Hopefully he'll from score outside the box soon, although I’m not sure if it’s going to be with his right – I’ve tried to tell him!” Solskjaer would leave United in November 2021 having backed Fred continuously. Ralf Rangnick never stood a chance of offloading the midfielder, not that he wanted to. The Brazil international was a rare positive amid his poor campaign. And Erik ten Hag, upon taking charge in the summer, agreed to give everyone at the club a clean slate. That included Fred, despite United landing two world-class midfielders in Casemiro and Christian Eriksen. While not always a starter under Ten Hag, the 29-year-old has still proven to have his uses this term. And with United reportedly looking at extending Fred’s contract, it seems as though he’s set to stay at the club for the foreseeable future. Now, the onus will be on Fred to bounce back from his Leeds disaster class. And what better chance to do that than a rematch with the same opponents at Elland Road on Sunday.