There was traffic chaos on motorways across the UK as the smart motorway systems crashed. Highways officers had to be dispatched to the most dangerous stretches of road to help vehicles stay safe.   The problem started at around 8.30am when the DYNAC system, which operates gantries and signs on most smart motorways and the SVD system (radar-based stopped vehicle detection) both crashed. The system failure also affected all electronic smart motorway signs and signals, and the problems were not fixed until 10.30am. A source at National Highways told LBC that the outage affected most smart motorways in England. But National Highways have since clarified that smart motorways in the South East and East were not affected and that CCTV was still operational during the outage. There are currently 44 stretches of smart motorways in operation or under construction, all located in England.  There are around 375 miles of smart motorway in operation, and 235 of which don't have a hard shoulder. Labour MP Sarah Champion, led a debate on smart motorways in Westminster Hall, in the Houses of Parliament earlier today and it coincidentally started half an hour after the systems were back up and running. She said she was "staggered" that National Highways did not put out emergency notices on the overhead gantries when there are issues like this. The MP for Rotherham added: "Why don’t they tell us? How are we meant to trust them? It staggers me." She is calling for hard shoulders to be reinstated with immediate effect and added: "Ministers know smart motorways are death traps." READ MORE: Woman makes 'little girl cry' by asking her to move from window seat    National Highways operational control director Andrew Page-Dove said: “We are urgently investigating an unplanned outage of our traffic management system that took place this morning. “Engineers worked hard to get the system back online as soon as possible and we apologise for any inconvenience caused. "We have well-rehearsed procedures to deal with issues which arise. "We rapidly took steps to help ensure the safety of road users such as increased patrols and CCTV monitoring.” A National Highways spokesperson said there were no major incidents or serious congestion reported on the network during this period.  Claire Mercer, who lost her husband Jason on a smart motorway, told LBC "yet again there is another outage... how much longer can this go on for?" DON'T MISSMeghan Markle is 'upset and annoyed' over South Park parody [REPORT]Kate painstakingly attempts to cook a pancake during visit [WATCH]SNP's rivals want Humza Yousaf elected to replace Sturgeon [ANALYSIS]  This morning's outage comes just days after it was revealed that staff managing one of the nation's busiest smart motorways were left unable to control signs for almost two hours on a busy Saturday afternoon due to a technical issue. A whistleblower claimed that motorists' lives were put at risk as a result of the key safety technology failure, but National Highways bosses stressed that "well-rehearsed procedures" were put in place and no emergency incidents were reported during the outage. National Highways said it "temporarily lost the ability" to set motorway signs and signals in Greater Manchester, Yorkshire, and the North East, the Midlands and the South West. The incident happened at 12.35pm on February 11, revealing an "issue with roadside technology" that lasted short of two hours. 