Operation Overlord British Army veteran Bill Gladden, 99, was just weeks away from getting some much-deserved leave when he was shot by a Nazi tank. Mr Gladden of the 6th Airborne Division revealed to Express.co.uk how a German Tiger tank raided his camp in France and critically wounded him, 12 days into the execution of his mission. Mr Gladden and the 6th Airborne Division Reconnaissance Regiment, who arrived in Normandy via military gliders, were tasked with protecting the strategically important Pegasus Bridge on the River Orne in France from German attack as part of Operation Overlord. Before their mission launch on D-Day, June 6 1944, his division were told they had to complete the upcoming mission before getting any leave, Mr Gladden said. As a result, an eagerness grew, despite the scale and danger of the brief. In the lead up to D-Day, the former paratrooper was "excited to get the job done and get time off", he said. "We were only pleased as we waited to go because it had been made perfectly clear to us that there would be no leave until the second front was open, and France was the second front," he added. But 12 days into Operation Overlord, which saw his squad seek and wipe out Nazis in the area around Ranville, a few miles from Pegasus Bridge, Mr Gladden's anticipation was cut short. He found himself suddenly taken to the floor suddenly, jabbed into a daze with morphine and rescued by strangers who dragged him into an old barn. READ MORE: King Charles offers President Zelensky key gesture with 'meeting of minds' at Palace today Three weeks before the mission launch, Mr Gladden went to Dorset Airfield where he was locked in by barbed wire fences, designed "to keep people out who shouldn’t be in and keep us in", he said. "We were briefed and we weren’t allowed out after that," added Mr Gladden. "I can’t say I was nervous really. I told my mother in a letter I wrote her it is a ‘strange feeling’... you’re going to do something you’ve never done before. "You’re sent in to kill people and they’re after you. It’s a different kettle of fish." Mr Gladden, who flew over to Normandy on D-Day in a glider carrying tanks and six motorbikes, said he had an "unorthodox landing". WW2 military engineless gliders were towed into the air and taken to their destination by transport planes. The tow was released after the pilots found a safe place to land. Don't miss... Russian energy company Gazprom Neft to create its own private army [REVEAL] Zelensky thanks UK and declares 'I am here on behalf of our warriors' [LATEST] Putin 'desperate' for international clout as Lavrov travels to Mali [SPOTLIGHT] "On the way over, I had the inside of the glider up my back and just about a couple of feet away from my chest was the side of the tanks," Mr Gladden said. "When I climbed up there, on the top of the tank to have a look at what’s going on, I couldn’t see down.  All I could see [outside the glider] was aeroplanes and gliders going in the same as we were. And then suddenly it’s as if you hit a brick wall… "In gliders, whenever you are in the glider and the tow drops you have to freeze or else the weight goes towards the glider pilot. "So, now I was spread eagled on the top of the tank and had to freeze until we landed. That’s how I landed… spread eagle on the top of the tank." Defending Pegasus Bridge from 'Jerry' Mr Gladden and the 6th Airbourne Division dug in, building fortifications and setting up camp, at an orchard outside Ranville, nearby to Pegasus Bridge over the River Orne in Normandy. He said they were there in case "Jerry" tried to take the bridge back "but luckily he didn’t come". However, in the areas surrounding the bridge, including at Ranville, British troops faced ferocious resistance from the Germans. "Each morning we would go and have a bit of breakfast. "And we used to go out on reccie work to find out where the Germans were because they were all around that area. "One of our lads on the phone, back to HQ, giving them a reference of where the tanks were and then mostly they sent in rocket-propelled typhoons or something like that to blast them out." "After the phone call we would wait until the air force came and did their job and we would watch them take tanks out." But just 12 days after their touchdown in France, the troops in Ranville were surprised by a Tiger Tank that entered their orchard. "On the last day, we had just come back from the days out and just went back into the orchard when I was hit," he added. "We were just preparing a drink, I was… and suddenly there was a bang and I was on the ground. "I never learned till a couple of years afterwards… that a tank came into our orchard. "It was confusing because they picked me up, put me on a stranger and carried me over to the old barn which was quite adjacent to the orchard. There were all bangs. They dropped me on the ground, they picked me up again and carried me over to the old barn. "As soon as I got in the barn, they put morphine in me. It puts you out, and you don't know what is going on." Mr Gladden, who spent three years after the attack recovering, has been regularly revisiting the barn from which he was saved since 2017. Bill was recently taken back to the barn from which he was saved with the help of the Taxi Charity for Military Veterans and the author Neil Barber. He said he "first thought they made a mistake this isn’t the barn because the barn I remember was a lot smaller". "But one of the chaps with us who writes books on Normandy, Neil Barber, has a photograph taken in 1944 which showed the barn has been built on since then". Because of the great work of men like Mr Gladden, who helped to liberate Ranville, the allies gained a key logistical base. The village was used as a supply and communication centre as the allies pushed further inland towards Paris. Ranville was also home to a number of field hospitals, where wounded soldiers were treated.