Newcastle star Joelinton is walking a disciplinary tightrope in the Premier League ahead of the Magpies’ clash with Liverpool. The reinvented combative midfielder earned his ninth booking of the season in the 1-1 draw with Bournemouth on Saturday. A 10th yellow card of the campaign would see Joelinton miss the next two Premier League games. Eddie Howe has warned the star to stay out of trouble against Liverpool, with Newcastle lacking depth in midfield. Should he receive a yellow card in next Saturday’s game at St James’ Park, Joelinton would not miss Newcastle’s EFL Cup Final meeting with Manchester United. That is because yellow card suspensions picked up in the Premier League do not transfer over to cup competitions. The only way Joelinton would miss the Wembley showdown would be to receive a red card against the Reds. Howe admitted he has warned several players to stay away from trouble, saying: “I've had this discussion many times with different players. JUST IN: Eddie Howe concerned over Christian Atsu with star missing in Turkey “He’s competitive, a fighter and wants to win. At times that will spill over into yellow cards. But we’re light in midfield, it’s an area of concern, so we're desperately keen to keep him on the pitch without getting booked.” Newcastle have hit their toughest run of form of the season so far. Howe’s side have drawn five of their last six league games and have now endured more stalemates (11) than they have won games (10). Although the Tyneside outfit have still only lost once this term and still sit fourth. Howe was far more familiar with relegation battles during his time managing Saturday’s opponents Bournemouth. The Cherries suffered relegation in his final campaign in charge. However, he insists the pressure of chasing Champions League football is hardly much different. DON'T MISS...Newcastle star Kieran Trippier names Dembele as best he's played withPep Guardiola could make five moves if he leaves Man CityChristian Atsu plunged from ninth floor after late-night poker game “You know what? The pressure is not too dissimilar. You're desperate for points, you need to win - it is just the outcome that’s different,” Howe said. “Relegation is not a nice thing to be fighting against but when you're expected to win trophies and finish high in the league, that is another thing that’s not nice…if you don't reach those targets. “The pressure and the feelings are very similar but, obviously, everyone’s reaction is slightly different depending on what the objective is. l know the responsibility on me here is huge. I’m aware of the expectations. It’s something you can’t think too deeply about, in my opinion.”