This week has been nothing but good news for NCIS fans after CBS confirmed it had given the green light to new seasons of the mainline show and its popular new spin-off, NCIS: Hawaii. Fans were then given another treat on Wednesday when former series regular Pauley Perrette met up with a friend from the show nearly 15 years after they last shared the screen together. Former NCIS regular Perrette reunited with actress Lauren Holly for a sweet new post on Instagram. The two NCIS alums beamed at the camera, having not starred together since the fifth season of the hit CBS drama. Perrette captioned her sweet post: “Reunited! Me and @laurenholly. Love!” Holly portrayed director Jenny Shephard throughout season three-five before current director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) took over. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Fans were thrilled to see the ex-NCIS boss reuniting with the forensic specialist, and took to the comments with some touching messages. @tneally97 replied: “Abby Sciuto & Director Shepard. Two of my all-time faves.” @klandersen42 commented: “A couple of my FAVE NCIS women.” @tinamills6985 said: “Lovely photo girls. You two aged?? I don't see it. Just two of the prettiest girls on a past show that made them great heroes.” “That is SO, SO COOL!” @pchistorian exclaimed. “Love you both SO much. So… Hollywood is not so big as we were led to believe!” “OMG you guys are my idols, I’m so happy to see you both in the same picture!!!” @abby_and_jessica_ncis added. And @susanhardstock wrote: “I'm so glad to see these two together.” Several other fans also commented to praise Holly’s short yet unforgettable time on the series as their favourite NCIS director. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans ‘freaking out’ as Lucy returns in new promo [VIDEO]Kevin Costner’s lawyer hits back at claim star ‘delaying’ Yellowstone [COMMENT]Bridgerton’s Nicola Coughlan lands new Channel 4 comedy role [LATEST] For the post, Holly represented her Canadian background with a Canadian Tire baseball cap, while Perrette is still sporting her fiery yellow and orange hairstyle. The former NCIS actress got her first big break in the 1990s on another CBS drama, Picket Fences, opposite Tom Skerritt. She has since starred in a number of popular US dramas, including Motive, Designated Survivor, Lucifer and Tiny Pretty Things. Holly most recently appeared in the Canadian legal drama Family Law in a recurring role, and returned for a second season last year. Her reunion with Perrette came shortly after CBS announced some good news for fans of their ever popular NCIS franchise. Although spin-off NCIS: Los Angeles was cancelled earlier this year, both the flagship show and its new offshoot, NCIS: Hawaii, were renewed for another season. The 21st season of NCIS will premiere later this year, joined by a third instalment for Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) and the Pearl Harbour task force. Sadly, Perrette won’t be a part of the team after leaving the series at the end of season 15. She has confirmed she has no plans to return to the series or drop in for a guest appearance, and officially announced she had retired from acting in 2020. NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK.