Xavi has devised a special plan to keep Marcus Rashford quiet in Barcelona's Europa League knockout play-off tie against Manchester United. Rashford is Europe's most in-form forward and likely the key to improving United's barren Nou Camp history. Erik ten Hag takes his side to Catalonia on Thursday in the first leg before next week's reverse fixture at Old Trafford. The Dutchman has smashed many a record in the opening seven months of his reign and now eyes masterminding United's first-ever win at the Nou Camp on the club's seventh trip. However, Xavi has ideas of his own to continue Barcelona's 11-match winning run and take a big step toward the last 16 after dropping out of the Champions League group stage. According to AS, Xavi plans to utilise Ronald Araujo as the 'antidote' to the venomous centrepiece of United's attack. Araujo will be the player tasked with silencing Rashford as the Red Devils vie to take an advantage back to M16. JUST IN: Van der Vaart tells Tottenham that Ziyech would 'solve' their problems The report claims the Uruguayan centre-back, who also features at right-back, has been told to ensure he doesn't allow Rashford to 'receive balls into space'. That is where Xavi believes he is most dangerous, linking up with long-time United and England team-mate Luke Shaw. It's said that Raphinha has also been handed a specific role to nullify Shaw, preventing his regular bombardments down the left flank. Rashford is enjoying the best season of his career, registering 21 goals and eight assists in 34 games in all competitions. DON'T MISS Harry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision loomsWayne Rooney has already named 'dream' next club as he considers exitLee Mason punished after Premier League ref at fault for Arsenal error He has netted eight times in his last nine Premier League appearances, most recently heading Ten Hag's side to victory at Leeds United on Sunday. But Araujo will be well up for the challenge after being requested to operate in a similar role against Vinicius Jr. in recent El Clasico clashes with Real Madrid. Rashford is his 'next target', and Barcelona are confident that if he's taken out of the game, United will lose a substantial level of threat. The 25-year-old is set to start on the left wing, with Jadon Sancho or Alejandro Garnacho on the right and Wout Weghorst up front. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here