The London Eye is one of the most famous attractions globally and sees over three million visitors each year. In celebration of World Book Day, which is on Thursday March 2, the tourist attraction has unveiled a new offer. Situated 135m above the London skyline, the lastminute.com London Eye is hosting the UK’s highest reading party for World Book Day, which is happening next week. To celebrate the day, children between three and 15 years old, can visit the famous South Bank attraction from March 2 - March 5, 2023 for free when they dress in a book-themed costume. In addition, they’ll also be gifted £1 book tokens in exchange for a free book to support charity World Book Day®’s aim to help increase reading. Whether your child is a Harry Potter fan or loves Peppa Pig, this a bargain deal and if you want to claim a free ride for your child, find out how to below. To claim a free child ticket for “Eye Love World Book Day”, you must book a World Book Day adult ticket on the website ahead of your visit. On the day of your visit, guests must go to the London Eye ticket office 15 minutes before the booked time slot with their adult ticket and child in book-themed costume. Once you’re at the ticket office, a staff member will verify your child and issue them a free ticket. It’s an amazing offer so be sure to claim it here. Imran Tauqir, General Manager at the lastminute.com London Eye, said: “London, and the UK, is famous for its literary exports. So what better way to connect our children to the characters they know and love than celebrating in full fancy dress sailing high above the landscape that has inspired so many magical tales. He adds: “We hope this offer, combining high-flying rides and access to £1 book tokens, will encourage adults and children alike to reconnect with their love of reading and drive discussion of our customers’ favourite book characters. We can’t wait to see the amazing costumes from our guests and to hear about the books they’ll buy with the tokens. We wish a happy World Book Day to everyone!” Terms & Conditions here: