A small town in the US has been “nuked” after toxic chemicals were burned following a fiery train crash, according to a hazardous waste expert. Sil Caggiano, a former fire department chief, told Tucker Carlson on Fox News the situation for residents - who were evacuated ahead of the controlled burn - is “troublesome”. The 50-car freight train carrying hazardous materials derailed on February 3 in East Palestine, Ohio. Emergency services asked all residents to leave their homes as vinyl chloride was diverted into a trench and set alight, causing a thick plume of black smoke to “mushroom” over the area - including neighbouring towns. Disturbing videos have emerged of chickens dead in their pens - believed to be a reaction to toxic chemicals in the air, though not confirmed. When burned, vinyl chloride creates toxic hydrogen chloride and phosgene gas, the latter of which was used as a chemical weapon during World War One. The chemical itself can cause headaches and dizziness, while long-term exposure can lead to a rare form of liver cancer. Speaking to Carlson, Mr Caggiano referenced comments he made earlier in the week where he claimed “we basically nuked a town”.. “One of the reasons I made the comment that ‘we nuked a town with chemicals’ is because there is someone from Darlington, Pennsylvania who was videoing the cloud as it went over his property and you could see fallout coming out of the cloud and going onto his property,” he said. “I’m looking at it and it reminds you of one of those apocalyptic shows where the nuclear fallouts coming out and I thought about it and I said ‘Well yeah we basically did nuke a whole town just to get a railroad back in service’.” Earlier in the week, Mr Caggiano also noted butyl acrylate, ethylhexyl acrylate, and ethylene glycol monobutyl were also released into the East Palestine environment. READ MORE: Dead fish and chickens spark alarm among locals over chemicals leaks WKBN27 reported the expert said ethylhexyl acrylate is particularly concerning as it is a carcinogen and contact with it can cause burning and irritation in the skin and eyes. Breathing it in can irritate the nose and throat and cause coughing and shortness of breath. “I was surprised when they quickly told the people they can go back home, but then said if they feel like they want their homes tested they can have them tested”, he added. “I would’ve far rather they did all the testing.” Mr Caggiano also told WKBN27: “There’s a lot of what ifs, and we’re going to be looking at this thing 5, 10, 15, 20 years down the line and wondering, ‘Gee, cancer clusters could pop up, you know, well water could go bad’.” The Environmental Protection Agency deemed the air quality in the area was safe following checks, however 3,500 fish were found dead in two creeks near wells which supply homes in the town. It comes as hundreds of East Palestine residents demanded answers in a town hall held inside a local high school gym. East Palestine Mayor Trent Conaway said: “We need our citizens to feel safe in their own homes. "I need help. I'm not ready for this. But I'm not leaving, I'm not going anywhere." He also skewered Norfolk Southern, which operated the toxins-laden train, saying: “They screwed up our town, they're going to fix it.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews