 Dominic Thiem has backtracked after claiming that Grand Slams were the only decider of the GOAT debate and snubbing Roger Federer for his Big Three rivals with the Swiss star holding 20 while Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal are tied on 22. The former world No 3 now believes there is no true GOAT, arguing that it was “disrespectful” to pick one over the others.   Thiem made waves for his recent comment on the GOAT debate in men’s tennis when he suggested that the player with the most Majors would end their career as the greatest - automatically ruling out Federer as a result with the retired star winning 20, a record which has since been surpassed by both Djokovic and Nadal. Fans were quick to jump to the Austrian’s defence in the days after, claiming that his comments weren’t a snub to Federer as Thiem didn’t name him. But the man himself has now gone back on his previous claims and stated that there is no single GOAT, with all of the Big Three up there instead. “I have a great relationship with Federer, Nadal and Djokovic, I get along very well with all three and I admire them equally,” the 2020 US Open champion told Ole, clarifying his thoughts on the GOAT debate.  JUST IN: Emma Raducanu labeled 'lucky' for Murray influence on next generation  “All the time there is talk about who is better and who is not well. I don't like to say that. It's disrespectful to each of them. All three have achieved things that no one else will achieve. There is no single GOAT, all three deserve it because they are unique.” It comes after the former world No 3 told Eurosport: “In my opinion, the Grand Slam titles should be the defining criteria when determining the best of all time, they are the four most important tournaments in tennis. Everything else is fine, but it's not the same. The Slams are what counts, so the GOAT will probably be the one with the most Grand Slams.” Thiem was once a strong rival to the dominance of the Big Three and became the first man born in the 1990s to win a Grand Slam title at the 2020 US Open. But shortly afterwards, the 29-year-old admitted the “light went out” for him after finally winning a Grand Slam title and he then got injured at the 2021 Mallorca Championships, and has not been able to return to his best form since. DON'T MISSAndy Murray takes family to Dubai as Brit prepares for tennis returnEmma Raducanu signs up to new mixed doubles event with familiar faceUS tennis star tipped to be 'legit threat' for Djokovic at Wimbledon  But the current world No 99 claimed that this period still isn't the hardest of his career despite spending more than a year away from the circuit before struggling to string together victories in his comeback.  “The first weeks and months after winning the US Open were not easy for me,” he explained. “I got a big goal and I didn't know how to continue . It was not easy and on top of that shortly after I was injured. Despite the injury, they were not my worst years. The worst years are when you are a junior and you don't know what will happen in the future. The two years after winning the US Open I have gained experiences that will help me for what comes in the future. Now I feel good and I'm ready to fight again and be close to the top tennis players.”