Prince Harry will attend the event in Nob Hill, San Francisco, on March 7 in his position as Chief Impact Officer for BetterUp, which is playing host. Uplift, as the summit is named, has been billed as an opportunity for business executives to “connect with industry icons, renowned researchers, and world-class coaches to share experiences, ideas and inspiration needed to move their businesses forward”. It is not yet known what Harry plans to discuss during his appearance. In the line-up of speakers, the Duke is described as a “husband, father, humanitarian, military veteran, mental wellness advocate, and environmentalist”. Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi, hosts of Royally Us, discussed Harry’s upcoming appearance in the latest episode of their podcast, noting how it will be the Prince’s return to the public eye after taking part in numerous interviews about his tell-all memoir, but that his wife, Meghan Markle, has kept a low profile in recent weeks. Ms Ross said: “It seems like he is getting back out there after his media blitz. As for Meghan, she's been very under the radar since Netflix documentary came out. We really haven't seen her all that much.” Ms Garibaldi agreed, saying: “Yeah, we really haven't seen anything out of Meghan but even now, moving forward, it'll be interesting to see what they're rolling out and what their work looks like. “I think this event with BetterUp is sort of a hint. I think they're going to do lots of speaking appearances, lots of consulting projects, things like that, as they kind of find their stride and as they expand Archewell.” READ MORE: Harry attending event charging $1k a ticket proves 'attacking' royals is 'big business' The Duke and Duchess of Sussex established their non-profit, The Archewell Foundation, in 2020 after announcing their intentions to step down as working royals. Last month, the charitable foundation released its 2020-2022 Impact Report, detailing the money it had raised since it was founded. According to the 24-page report, Archewell has raised and given away millions to charitable causes, including “vaccine equity, global relief centres, refugee resettlement, the care of families and communities in need, and the reshaping of our online world”. An introduction to the report written by James Holt and Shauna Nep, co-executive directors of The Archewell Foundation, stated: “Since its founding in 2020 by Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the Archewell Foundation has built a growing body of work rooted in the philosophy of compassion, connection, and care. "With the leadership of the duke and duchess, we have cultivated strong strategic partnerships with leading organisations, invested millions of dollars across the non-profit space for sustainable programs and campaigns, and designed a strategy centred on large and lasting community impact.” It continued: “The results of their work are undeniable, both through metrics that can be seen and an emotional impact that can be felt. Baked into all that we do is the core belief that our collective well-being and mental health are paramount. Our initiatives between 2020-2022 have included investments in vaccine equity, global relief centres, refugee resettlement, the care of families and communities in need, and the reshaping of our online world with the support of groundbreaking leaders in this space.” According to the report, Archewell has helped in the procurement of 12.66 million Covid-19 vaccines for the global population through its partnership with Global Citizen and 50,000 meals served through the foundation’s partnership with World Central Kitchen. It also noted Archewell’s work has meant 174,497 Afghans and Ukrainians were welcomed to the US, and 7,468 individuals were rescued from Afghanistan through the non-profit’s partnership with Human First Coalition. The foundation went on to reference its dedication to addressing society’s “most urgent concerns surrounding social media”, its work on gender equity and the making of a play area in Uvalde, Texas, after a school shooting at Robb Elementary School left 19 students and two teachers dead. On Twitter, royal reporter and co-author of Finding Freedom Omid Scobie shared a link to the report and noted that “in their first year of operation they raised $13m (£10.8million) and distributed $3m (£2.4million) in grants across areas including vaccine equity, relief centres, refugee resettlement, and building better online world”. In a follow-up tweet, Mr Scobie said the figures come from “media briefing notes” sent out by Archewell to journalists. However, despite a breakdown of the organisation’s impact by numbers, some were quick to question where the remaining $10million (£8.3million) the foundation raised has gone. One Twitter user asked: “What happened to the other $10 million Archewell? Raised $13m but only donated $3m?” adding: “Sounds more like a lucrative enterprise than a charitable foundation to me.” Another added: “They ‘raised’ $13m and gave away $3m. My word, what is the rest going to be used for? Clothing and hotel allowance?” However, the criticism prompted others to step in to defend the couple and Archewell. One referred to Harry and Meghan as “the King and Queen of impact,” saying they are “always available and ready to contribute to the good of humanity”. Meanwhile, royal reporter RS Locke tweeted a comparison between Archewell’s first year and the funds raised by The Royal Foundation, the organisation originally established by Harry and his brother Prince William in 2011. He claimed the charity, which now supports the work of William and his wife Kate, Princess of Wales, saw £4.8million in incoming resources in 2011 and gave £1.3million in grants. Mr Locke explained: “Any resources not expended are carried over in reserve,” before adding that “it’s not a competition” and that “because some people didn’t understand that startup foundations don’t distribute all of the incoming resources because they need to build a reserve”. He continued: “Another foundation that Prince Harry was responsible for co-founding seemed relevant.” Ms Ross and Ms Garibaldi praised the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for their “great work”, but expressed frustration that it had been “overshadowed” by the drama surrounding their relationship with the UK-based royals. Ms Ross said: “They've really been doing a lot of great work, which should be the focus of what we've talked about with them, but unfortunately their other projects have overshadowed this.” Ms Garibaldi added: “Yeah, absolutely. So many of these projects have really been overshadowed by their family drama. And my hope is that in the next year, in the coming years, we see more of their work with Archewell, more of their charitable and entrepreneurial projects taking centre stage and all this gossip and drama sort of taking a backseat.”