This week, iconic 80s star Madonna was one of the many stars to attend the prestigious music event in LA. However, her appearance caused a stir with fans as ITV’s Lorraine Kelly confessed she felt the singer doesn’t look like herself. Making her first public appearance of the year, 64-year-old Madonna attended the Grammys to introduce Kim Petras and Sam Smith to the stage.Wearing a long black skirt with a blazer, white shirt and black tie, the 80s icon accessorised the look with fishnet tights and a riding crop.However, fans were left in shock at the singer's face as she appeared with a very smooth visage.Discussing the topic on Lorraine, entertainment correspondent Ross King told the ITV host Madonna looked unrecognisable at the ceremony. READ MORE: Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details partner wish for next series Seeing a photo of the star at the Grammys, Lorraine was left stunned as she asked: “What's going on?“It looks like someone who has surgery to look like Madonna, She doesn't look like herself.”Ross agreed with Lorraine as she continued to share her upset the star felt the need to change her appearance.She continued: “She can do whatever she likes, she’s Madonna she can do whatever she wants, she’s paid her dues. "But I think it’s a little bit disappointing that she feels she has to.“I always thought Madonna was above the rules. It’s a shame, it’s a shame but she’s still Madonna."Wearing her hair in tight braided ponytails, with two coming down her face, she took to the stage to applaud the “trouble makers”.She announced: “I’m here to give thanks to all the rebels out there, forging a new path and taking the heat for all of it. DON'T MISS... Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to 'force of nature' Hilary Alexander [VIDEO] BBC viewers want apology for ‘speculation’ over missing Nicola Bulley [REACTION] Phillip sparks uproar as he brags he saw Happy Valley finale early [HAPPY VALLEY] “You guys need to know, all you trouble makers out there, you need to know that your fearlessness does not go unnoticed.“You are seen, you are heard, and most of all, you are appreciated.”Although Madonna has never admitted to having plastic surgery, the singer confessed in 2012 she’s against speaking about it.With many speculating on the work the Material Girl has had, plastic surgeon Dr. Michael Horn told the DailyMail he believes it’s likely the 64-year-old went under the knife recently. The surgeon said it looks as though the star has had a facelift due to her face looking pulled back and also highlighted the singer having a nose job.He claimed: “Her eyes also seem smaller, likely due to being pulled during a facelift.“Madonna previously had a natural nose that suited her face. It appears as if she had rhinoplasty since this version has a pointy tip and seems too narrow.”Lorraine continues weekdays on ITV from 9am.