Millions of people will be familiar with HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to deal with their tax affairs every year. However, the trusted name is being seized by fraudsters to add supposed legitimacy to their scams. One email has circulated recently claiming to derive from HMRC, and stating a person has an ‘important notification’ to action immediately. The message states an individual has overpaid their council tax, and is due to be refunded some money. While the amount can vary, an email seen by Express.co.uk cites the figure of £5,719.27 - a substantial sum for many. The email continues: “You can get your refund fast, straight into your bank account, if you claim online through your council tax account. READ MORE: Britons with less than £16K savings may be entitled to hundreds “If you claim online, you could receive your refund within three to five days.” The message then contains a ‘Get Started’ link, which Britons are prompted to click in order to claim their supposed refund. However, the entirety of the correspondence is fake, designed as a ruse to trick unsuspecting individuals. The real HMRC has nothing to do with this message, and scammers are simply using the well-known name in their schemes. DON'T MISSState pension age could ‘rise faster’ due to life expectancy [EXCLUSIVE]Millions of Britons set to receive £301 payment as soon as this spring [UPDATE]Woman, 59, shares 'amazing' side hustle to earn ‘bit of extra money' [LATEST] In fact, there is no council tax refund available in this instance, as scammers are utilising this as a way to redirect Britons to a dangerous website. It is here individuals will be prompted to share their personal and banking details, believing they may be entitled to a legitimate refund. But the scammers can harvest this data from the fake website, using it for their own nefarious gains. The criminals could use details to commit identity fraud, to clear a person’s bank account, or as information to scam a person again later down the line. With many hoping for as much money as possible to tackle the cost of living crisis, it could be easy to fall for this sophisticated trick. As a result, Britons are being urged to keep their wits about them, and to always check correspondence carefully. HMRC has vowed it will never send notifications by email or text about tax rebates or refunds. Emails of this kind can therefore be presumed fake, and should be deleted. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Similarly, council tax is not dealt with by HMRC, and will usually be processed by a person’s local council. An HMRC spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Tax scams come in many forms. “Some threaten immediate arrest for tax evasion, others offer a rebate. “Contacts like these should set alarm bells ringing, so take your time and check HMRC scams advice on GOV.UK. “To help us fight these crimes, forward suspicious texts claiming to be from HMRC to 60599 and emails to phishing@hmrc.gov.uk."