In a decidedly strange, and almost scripted, PMQs Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and Leader of the Opposition Sir Keir Starmer stood and agreed with each other for 20 minutes. And it was weird and not a little unnerving. Sort of like Christmas 1914 when the Germans and the Tommies played that famous football match. I mean, it's not like the nation is in the grip of a major economic crisis or anything chaps. Food banks, nurses' strikes, unaffordable food bills, crippling debt, NHS collapsing in on itself, police we can't trust, that mystifying reshuffle, all dissolved away as the two head boys stood as near to shoulder to shoulder as you can get over a despatch box. It was meant to be a show of unity of course because Ukraine's President Zelensky was in the House. But it felt mighty odd. Like the naughty pupils had been warned to be on their best behaviour for speech night. So out went politics and in came the grandstanding. And gosh didn't Keir fancy himself as quite the latter-day Churchill. "This house is honoured to be addressed by President Zelensky. From the outset of the war he has symbolised the heroism, the resolve and the bravery of his people," began Starmer, squaring his shoulders, his perennially concerned brow even more furrowed than usual. He continued: "Does the Prime Minister agree with me that right across this house it is vital that we all continue to stand together in full support of Ukraine?" Er, yes, said Rishi. As if any other answer was possible.  "Every time Putin has been appeased he has been back for more," continued the Labour leader warming to his theme, "does the Prime Minister agree that this House must speak with one voice and this terrible conflict must end with the defeat of Ukraine?" Er, yes again, said Rishi. Admittedly he fleshed out his yes, explaining Britain would be training 20,000 Ukraine marines and pilots - especially in how to drive the Challenger 2 tanks Britain is sending over, and indeed fly fighter jets (one wonders if this may presage Mr Zelensky's long-held plea for actual aircraft) - but still essentially a yes. And on it went in identical vein with Starmer even wheeling out the old "standing on the shoulders of giants" trope and channelling his inner Braveheart dramatically calling for "freedom, liberty and victory!" And, talking of bullish Scots intent on spoiling the party, it took the SNP's Stephen Flynn to get to his feet and remind everyone that this was a Government who under the (worryingly re-energised) Liz Truss wiped £30bn from the UK economy, brought pension funds to the brink of collapse and sent the pound slumping to parity with the dollar. Honestly, there's always a bring-down-Bertie at every party isn't there? I was simultaneously monitoring Twitter during PMQs and it's fair to say Mr Flynn received a fair few plaudits for bringing us back to harsh domestic reality. In truth though, a bit of belt-tightening in Blighty (irrespective of how it came about) can never ever compare to the horrors being perpetrated in Mr Zelensky's country and the two leaders were unusually wise - perhaps even dignified - to choose to eschew domestic troubles. The deaths of at least 200,000 soldiers on both sides, 40,000 civilian dead and an infrastructure destroyed by Russian ordnance makes even a food bank look like a cushy option. And, as much as it annoyed the Twitterati, if we can't come together as a Parliament and indeed a nation over the evils being perpetrated by Putin (even if it means shelving domestic troubles for a few hours) then we really really have lost our way. 