Arsenal star Aaron Ramsdale has highlighted the importance of a winning mentality in the squad. The goalkeeper insists players such as Oleksandr Zinchenko and Jorginho could be massive in the Premier League title run in. Zinchenko and Jorginho played key roles in Saturday's dramatic 4-2 win over Aston Villa. Mikel Arteta's side twice came from behind to pick up a valuable three points. Zinchenko scored his first Arsenal goal, while Jorginho's long-range effort in stoppage time came back off Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez and put the Gunners in the lead for the first time. Zinchenko joined Arsenal last summer having won four Premier League titles in five seasons, as well as an FA Cup and four League Cups. Jorginho, meanwhile, won the Champions League and Europa League with Chelsea, as well as Euro 2020 with Italy. Ramsdale says the duo can have a big influence on the younger members of Arteta's squad. READ MORE: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter this week  He said: "These are people which us young boys can tap into their minds. They have won major things and, when we have had a tough week where we lost, it could be quite easy for some of us young boys to feel nervous. "That’s probably what it was in the first 45 minutes [against Villa]. We just got told to go back to basics, play our game, and that’s what happened. "It’s good for them to get on the scoresheet, Alex needed to after the first goal. You see the passion which those two show and with only being at the club for a month and six months. It shows what group we’ve got. "[Zinchenko] brings a completely different dimension to our team, allows us to play in a way which we want to. He has been there and done it. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flightChelsea board 'make feelings clear' on sacking Potter after Southampton lossHoward Webb in new sack calls after referee misses 'worst tackle in years' in Man Utd win  "He has got four out of five Premier Leagues, so he knows what it takes to win. He has been brilliant. You see the passion he has got and he’s only been here a couple of months. He is a huge part of our group." Despite the dramatic nature of Saturday's win, Ramsdale admits he would much rather a calmer victory. He added: "For me, it’s probably one of the worst ways we can win because we pride ourselves on defending, keeping clean sheets and that’s from the No 9 to the No 1, and the staff. "Of course, it’s an amazing feeling now we are in the dressing room but there will be some truths spoken in the week about how we can improve and what we need to do better in the coming weeks."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here