Dan Walker previously spoke to Nicola Bulley's partner Paul Ansell in a heartbreaking interview. The 45-year-old mortgage adviser vanished in St Michael's on Wyre while walking her dog after dropping her daughters, aged six and nine, at school on January 27. Nicola had been in a relationship with engineer Paul for the past 12 years, with the couple sharing two daughters. The Channel 5 presenter sat down with Paul to find out how Nicola’s friends and family were coping just days before her body was eventually discovered. Dan, 46, also asked Paul, 44, what he thought about the police’s theory Nicola fell into the river Wyre. Ahead of the discovery, her partner said he is “100 per cent convinced” his partner is not in the river. READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz feels 'bruised' as ex Ben sends message on her birthday Paul told Dan: “People don’t just vanish into thin air. It’s absolutely impossible. So something has happened. “Whatever has happened, in my eyes, has to be somebody who knows the local area. “You would only know that area, by local, it’s a local area. “And the fact that nothing’s been seen or heard, I just truly believe that it’s something in the village.”  Dan has since taken to Twitter and penned a candid message in view of his 792,000 followers. Taking to the micro-blogging site on February 20, the broadcaster penned: "Feel so sad for Nicola Bulley’s family and friends as the body in the river is confirmed as hers. "It must have been an awful last few weeks for them all. I hope they are now able to get the time to grieve." Lancashire Police recovered her body in the river on Sunday morning, less than a mile downstream from where she was last seen, following a tip-off from two walkers. DON'T MISS... Jon Snow, 75, complains about lack of work after Channel 4 News exit[LATEST]Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tube[PICTURES]Helen Mirren looks unrecognisable as she dazzles in off-shoulder gown[PICTURES] The search for Nicola has captivated the entire nation and attracted widespread speculation as well as criticism of the police response. The force poured a huge amount of time and resources into their investigation, which has seen nearly 40 detectives sifting through hundreds of hours of CCTV, dashcam footage and tip-offs from the public. Dan sat down with Paul earlier this month as the search for his beloved Nicola continued. The 75-minute special programme 'Vanished: Where is Nicola Bulley ?' aired on Channel 5 on Friday, February 10. Nicola's partner has revealed that he and the family are in "agony" after a dogwalker found a body in the reeds of the River Wyre. The family is said to be "in a lot of pain" and "incredibly heartbroken" and their agony is set to continue because formal identification could take several days. Mr Ansell told Sky News: "No words right now, just agony. We're all together, we have to be strong." Elsewhere, Dan is currently taking time off from his role on Channel 5 News after a bike accident left him "battered and bruised".