Luisa, 52, refuses to dress her age and encourages other women to do the same on her TikTok channel. The former model and influencer shares her favourite outfits, as well as clever ways to rejuvenate a look, on the social media platform helping thousands of women look younger. In a recent video, she said: "Fashion over 50... Express yourself, have fun and dress for the joy of it!" Luisa shared a few of her favourite outfits for the winter months, including a very daring and colourful look. The model donned an oversized pink coat for a day out in the snow and she looked "absolutely gorgeous", according to fans. She combined the statement coat with a white top, denim jeans and a maxi brown belt. READ MORE: Prince William ‘relished freedom’ during break-up with Kate Middleton In another video, Luisa shared how to style a striking silver bomber jacket saying: "Can you ever have enough sparkle and sunshine? "Wearing the fun and colourful Hustler Sequin Bomber Jacket from Frankies Melbourne." The stylish sequin jacket, which retails for £112, featured a sun on the back and candy-inspired elastic trims. "Ready for any occasion. Dance floor? Sequins to the supermarket? Yes!" the description on the designer's website read.  Luisa combined the jacket with a green midi dress, but she also wore it with a yellow jumpsuit, and with a pair of colourful shorts and a yellow T-shirt for a beach day. In a previous video, she revealed that many people tell her that her style is too young, but she refuses to follow the rules and encourages women to wear whatever they want despite their age. After 40, women tend to opt for more traditional and conservative clothes and accessories. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert However, the 52-year-old feels younger than ever in her fun yet elegant and stylish looks. On her TikTok channel, social media users took to the comments section to praise her style with @tracyhamilton472 saying: "Fabulous!" "I’m 52 also (53 in March) and love your style," commented Sonja while TikTok user @Ms.IvyJ added: "Oh yes, I’m always going to dress the way I want. I had according to age, but what I like. " Another social media user added: "I need to be this fabulous at 50. Like I won’t accept anything less." Bruno Brass said: "Luisa you're absolutely stunning, would knock spots off most 20, 30, 40-year-old" and user @FAK added: "Simply unbelievable!" Another TikToker commented that she looked like a "20-year-old with grey hair" but the model didn't agree. Luisa replied: "But being told you look younger isn’t a compliment. I don’t aspire to that. I’m happy being me. 52."