An alcoholic mother-of-three who drank up to three bottles of wine a day has been handed a four year sentence for “the worst case of controlling and coercive behaviour” the presiding judge in her case had ever seen. Sheree Spencer, 45, spent two decades “degrading and humiliating” her husband Richard, screaming at him, controlling his life and even, on one occasion, forcing him to pick up her faeces.    Richard and Sheree Spencer got together at the turn of the millennium, but very quickly Spencer’s attitude towards her partner became violent. In furious wine-fuelled tirades Spencer, of Market Weighton in East Yorkshire would call him “fat boy,” “a pussy” and “dumb dumb” and caused bruises and scratches that he would need to cover with make-up before going out. Although Richard was physically larger than his wife, he resorted to crawling up in a foetal position when she began violently attacking him to protect his face from bruising. Her episodes of rage, which occurred when she was drunk and sober, ranged from beating Richard with a wine glass, which resulted in him needing stitches, to verbal assaults questioning his manhood.The mother’s reign of domestic terror finally ended in June 2021 when the police were called to their family home by a concerned welfare worker.    Her arrest that day on suspicion of assaulting her husband opened a door into the hell he had kept private for his entire married life. Richard had been recording the abuse perpetrated by his wife for years, emailing it to himself and then deleting it from his phone so Spencer would not realise. He handed over 43 images of his bruised face, taken on different dates following savage assaults he had suffered. Hull Crown Court heard that Spencer was a mother of three young children and that many of the attacks on her husband had occurred in the family home. The abuse was described as “a great irony” given that Spencer had done so much work aimed at investigating the effect of custodial sentences on the family. She worked at the highest levels for HM Prison and Probation Service and bragged to friends that she had the ear of former Prime Minister Boris Johnson. READ MORE: Domestic abuse is a ‘national emergency’, says Commisioner   Mr Spencer said: “From September 2000 to June 2021 Sheree subjected me to hundreds of physically, mentally, and emotionally abusive episodes perpetrated in a pattern of behaviour going back over 20 years, almost half my life. “I have become resigned to the fact that I will never fully recover from her abuse and that it will have a permanent damaging impact on mine and my family's life. “Sheree's abuse towards me evolved and escalated over time, she used repeated acts of physical assault, threats, verbal abuse, and humiliation to punish and exercise control over me. “The abuse was hidden from the outside world, including friends and family. Sheree manipulated me into believing that I was a responsible and willing participant in the abuse. She remorselessly proclaimed that I deserved to be punished, and that it was a justifiable consequence of me disappointing her in some way.” He added: “Little by little, I lost my independence and willpower and just accepted that was how my life was going to be. I complied with Sheree's demands, and she controlled most aspects of my everyday life, including things like what activities I could participate in and when, which room I could sleep in, and even which toilet I could use. Gradually I became isolated from family and friends and was left deep in debt causing me to feel trapped.” DON'T MISS: Met Police reveals two to three officers to face court every week [REVEAL] Mel B blames Victoria Beckham after baring cleavage at Prince William [REPORT]  Police in England and Wales ordered to ‘root out misogyny’  [REVEAL]   The worst of the assaults happened in April 2021 when his wife attacked him with an empty wine bottle, causing his ear to fill with blood. Judge Kate Rayfield told Spencer during the court hearing: “This is the worst case of controlling and coercive behaviour I have seen. “In one of these recordings it is clear you had defecated on the floor. Your husband can be heard scrubbing while you are heard to say to him: 'I made you do that, all I asked you to do was go to the shop’. “I watched as you spat in his face time and time again and called him 'bitch, tiny c*** and skank’ and insulted members of his family. “You whispered in his face in the most sinister way, shouted demands and instructions at him - 'Get the f***ing chicken on, get to the f***ing shop' and warning him 'you will learn'. The judge added: “By your actions you intended to humiliate or degrade Richard and you have caused him significant psychological harm. Richard Spencer was a vulnerable victim, isolated from his family and trapped financially.”   