  Rachel Stevens, 44, is hoping for a “fresh start” after moving out of her family home and is now selling off some fashionable items ahead of a new chapter. The singer is offering bargains on brands like Gucci, as well as some high street clothes from brands like Zara.     The star has left the house she shared with ex-husband Alex Bourne and their two children and has since found a new home. Rachel, who has been successful in her solo career since leaving the famous pop band, is now settling into her new place alongside daughters Amelie, 11, and Minnie, 8. However, the fashion influencer hasn’t been able to take the heaps of trendy items from her wardrobe with her. Instead, she is cleaning out her wardrobe by listing a rack of items with a second hand fashion seller.    Excitingly, plenty of these clothing items will be worth a fraction of the original price tag, which will appeal to fashion fans everywhere. Her items, some of which the singer models for potential buyers, are listed on Second Row. The singer told Second Row: "I love my experience of selling my clothes through The Second Row. “It’s such a personal and easy service, everything is taken care of from packaging to pick up.      “Then knowing my loved pieces are going to someone else to love is such a great feeling." Some of the stylish pieces include an H&M knit for £9, Zara mules for £20 and a Mango jacket for £29. There are also some designer bags up for grabs, including Gucci and Loewe pieces starting at £795. One picture shows the star posing in front of a brick wall, modelling a Selfridges The Kooples Wool Coat for £195, which was originally valued at £445. READ MORE... Strictly's Janette Manrara in 'bittersweet' move after baby news [INSIGHT] Alex Jones' young son in hospital as star shares 'horrible' situation [UPDATE] A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman given support after tough week [NEWS]     In another snap, Rachel has taken off the coat to showcase a chunky Vita Grace Knit Jumpe, which can be bought for £32. Rachel and Alex were married between 2008 and 2022, at which time she announced on Instagram that the pair had separated. The star is embracing positive new beginnings this year, as 2023 is shaping up to be a busy time for the media personality. Excitingly, it was recently announced that S Club 7 will be reuniting for an upcoming tour in celebration of their 25-year legacy.      This means she will be seen singing once again with bandmates Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O'Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole, and Tina Barrett. Rachel has enjoyed some memorable TV moments since she shot to fame with the band in 1999. In 2008, she came second in the sixth series of the BBC One series Strictly Come Dancing with her dance partner Vincent Simone. The couple won over the public with their incredible moves but narrowly lost out to Holby City’s Tom Chambers.   