Axel Tuanzebe was loaned out from Manchester United to Stoke City on deadline day, and despite not making a single appearance for the club this season, he was an influential character in the changing room. Tuanzebe has struggled with injuries so far this season and his lack of opportunities certainly won’t have aided his return to match fitness. Therefore, United took the logical decision to allow the 25-year-old to spend the remainder of the campaign out on loan. The England Under-21 international will be hoping that his tenure in the Championship will allow him to stake his claim to Erik ten Hag as to why he should be considered more often next season. Tuanzebe was one of the most highly-rated stars to come through the academy over the past few years at United but has never hit the heights that his youth form suggested he would. Though captain Harry Maguire has been impressed by his character previously, revealing in 2021: “We have a lot of leaders in the dressing room, a lot of senior pros. “And you don’t have to be a senior pro to be a leader. Axel is a leader, in the ways that he works and speaks in the dressing room. And he’s only a young boy, he’s still learning his trade. I’m sure he’ll go on to have an unbelievable career." Tuanzebe will certainly have big boots to fill at Stoke as he will be replacing Harry Souttar in their backline following his move to Leicester City – also on deadline day. The defender was enjoying an exceptional season in the Championship and several top-flight sides were interested in acquiring his services. But Stoke boss Alex Neil has no doubts about Tuanzebe, despite him not playing a competitive match in a year, explaining: “It was important that we added to our defensive resources and Axel is a player who knows the Championship and is keen to test himself at this level again.” Technical Director Ricky Martin added: “Axel’s pedigree speaks for itself, and we are delighted he will be with us for the remainder of the season.” It remains to be seen whether Tuanzebe’s stint away from Old Trafford makes his influence behind the scenes more apparent, or if the defender will be offloaded permanently when the summer transfer window arrives. A successful stint at Stoke would certainly prompt Ten Hag and his side to have a serious conversation about the future of the defender.