Sadiq Khan's plans to extend the capital's ultra low emissions zone (ULEZ) has been hit by another setback as councils in the Home Counties pledged not to install cameras or signs warning drivers. Buckinghamshire, Essex and Hertfordshire have joined Kent and Surrey in refusing to cooperate with the Mayor of London over the controversial plan. Mr Khan wants the zone to cover all of the capital's 32 boroughs with drivers of cars which fail to meet emissions standards charged £12.50 per day. Transport for London (TfL) will need to install hundreds of signs in local authority areas bordering the new zone to warn drivers they are entering the zone. Cllr Lee Scott, Cabinet Member for Transport at Essex County Council, told Essex Live the town hall will not allow use of its land for cameras or other equipment related to the proposed expansion. The Leader of Hertfordshire County Council, Cllr Richard Roberts, wrote to the Mayor of London on Friday to outline the local authority's opposition.  He wrote of the scheme: "This is hugely regressive, hitting the poorest hardest, effectively targeting the least well off who are least likely to be able to replace their vehicle.  "We therefore cannot support the ULEZ expansion, and we do not accept that any signage or cameras aimed at fining our drivers - potentially up to £180 if they forget to pay the £12.50 charge - should be based in Hertfordshire."  Buckinghamshire Council called for the proposed scheme to be scrapped a day earlier, in part over the potential impact on drivers' pockets.  It also fears drivers who want to avoid paying the charge will result in an increase in traffic in the county. READ ABOUT NICOLA BULLEY DETECTIVES NOT CALLING A KEY WITNESS FOR NINE DAYS Steven Broadbent, Cabinet Member for Transport at the local authority, said in a statement that consultation exercises carried out for the scheme show communities in London do not want it and neither does Buckinghamshire. Mr Khan needs councils to sign a Section 8 agreement to allow the new infrastructure to be installed. Surrey has already said it will not sign unless Mr Khan met its demands, including the opening up of ULEZ free corridors to NHS facilities. Kent County Council is also understood to oppose installation of the signs. DON'T MISS: Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns [REVEALED] UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [REPORT] William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source [LATEST] A TfL spokesman said: "The mayor has been clear that with 4,000 Londoners a year dying prematurely from toxic air, his decision to expand the ULEZ should be implemented without delay. "In doing so we are working closely and collaboratively with the local authorities concerned to install the infrastructure needed." The capital's mayor has already written to the leaders of Bexley, Bromley, Harrow and Hillingdon councils, describing their grounds for a potential legal challenge to the ULEZ rollout as "wholly without merit and misconceived". He insisted it is "simply not true" the scheme - which will be extended to cover the whole of London from August 29 - is a "money-making venture". Mr Khan wrote that TfL expects net income from the ULEZ to fall to "nominal levels within the next few years". He stated that until then, all net revenue will be reinvested back into transport in London. Mr Khan added: "Instead of pursuing an expensive legal challenge funded by local residents, I would hope you would work with me to help clean up the dirty air that's blighting our city and the lives of those we represent." Earlier this month, Penny Mordaunt MP dismissed suggestions from the Tory back benches that the Labour mayor was a "dictator". The Commons Leader disagreed with Tory MP Bob Blackman, who hit out at the mayor over the proposed ULEZ expansion Ms Mordaunt insisted Mr Khan could be voted out of office due to the "immense difficulties" attributed to the expansion. She said: "The Mayor of London is not a dictator. The Mayor of London can be voted out of office, and I would encourage people to do that, because I think some of the policies that he has put in place... are really causing immense difficulties, not just to residents, but also to businesses in London and outside." The next mayoral and London Assembly elections will take place on May 2, 2024.