Donald Trump backs lining up drug dealers in front of firing squads in his third successive White House bid, a report has claimed. The 45th President's allies have also argued the 76-year-old plans on making the expansion of the death penalty a flagship policy in his 2024 campaign.  A former White House official told Rolling Stone: "In conversations I’d been in the room for, President Trump would explicitly say that he’d love a country that was totally an ‘eye for an eye’ — that’s a direct quote — criminal justice system, and he’d talk about how the ‘right’ way to do it is to line up criminals and drug dealers before a firing squad." However, critics of the policy have pointed out that the current US Constitution makes it difficult to legally justify expanding the use of capital punishment for non-violent offenders. Democratic strategist Kurt Bardella appeared to make a dig at the former POTUS over the policy. Writing on Twitter, Bardella said: "The Trump 2024 platform: death." JUST IN: ‘Lock your doors tonight’: US Senator’s shocking warning over Chinese spy balloon   Despite some concern about the policy, recent opinion polls suggest US voters are broadly in favour of the death penalty. A Pew Research Center survey of 5,109 people from April 2021 found that 60 percent of Americans support the death penalty for people convicted of murder. However, a separate Quinnipiac University poll of 1,300 voters from March 2019 revealed that just 21 percent of people support capital punishment for certain drug-related offences. Trump has consistently voiced support for the use of the death penalty in recent years, particularly on the campaign trail.   Speaking about how to tackle then opioid epidemic in 2018, Trump told an audience in New Hampshire: "If we don’t get tough on the drug dealers, we’re wasting our time – just remember that, we’re wasting our time – and that toughness includes the death penalty." In an event in Washington last July, Trump added: "If you look at countries throughout the world, the ones that don’t have a drug problem are those that institute a very quick trial death penalty sentence for drug dealers." While Trump's position on abortion has switched in the last few decades, he has been more strident in his support for the death penalty. Trump told Larry King in 1989: "I don’t see anything inciteful, I am strongly in favour of the death penalty." DON'T MISS:'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm [LATEST]Woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer [INSIGHT]Cop dies a week after horrific 40ft bridge fall[REPORT]  His White House successor Joe Biden has flip-flopped on the issue since his days as a Delaware Senator. Condemning ex-POTUS George HW Bush in 1991, he said: "He’s only four times a year put someone in prison for life and only once gotten the death penalty." However, while on the campaign trail in New Hampshire in 2019, Biden praised the Granite State for abolishing the punishment. He said: "By the way, congratulations to y’all ending the death penalty here." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews