PSG boss Christophe Galtier has set the record straight on a picture involving Neymar that was snapped at a local McDonald's in Paris. The image emerged on social media in the midst of PSG's 1-0 Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich which saw them facing the prospect of early elimination from the competition. Following the match, Kylian Mbappe had clear instructions for his team-mates, stating they had to look after their bodies ahead of the return fixture to maximise their chances of turning things around.  Some PSG fans have speculated as to whether the comment from Mbappe was made in reference to the image of Neymar at the fast-food restaurant. The image was uploaded to Instagram by one of Neymar's friends at around 1am local time after the former Barcelona star had been playing in a poker tournament. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call But Galtier wasn't prepared to make assumptions about Mbappe's comments despite admitting he had spoken to the Brazilian about the photograph. Galtier said: “I am not going to make connections between Mbappe's words and Neymar’s photo at a fast-food restaurant.  "Neymar has the right on his day off. He likes playing poker and has the right to do so.” DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race PSG turned in a lacklustre display against Bayern Munich, who easily could have ran riot at the Parc des Princes on the basis of the chances they created. But the French champions remain well and truly in the tie against their 2020 Champions League final opponents, despite having a goal chalked off late in the game. Neymar is understood to have taken part in the European Poker Tour in Paris in the aftermath of the match. It's believed he even qualified for the second day of the £9,000 Mystery Bounty event before making a trip to McDonald's with a few of his friends. Back in 2010, Neymar actually worked in McDonald's for the day to serve local kids as part of a programme during his Santos days. Now he is being tasked with huge responsibility in Paris as the club go in search of their first ever Champions League title. The club are also in a fight for the Ligue 1 title with both Marseille and Monaco on their tail. PSG are currently on 54 points while Marseille are just five points behind on 49. Monaco are currently on 47 while Lens are in fourth place on 46.