Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania has only been in cinemas for a few days, but Jonathan Majors is already throwing down the gauntlet. The American star recently made his debut on the Disney Plus show, Loki, as Kang. He reprises his role in Ant-Man, and he is quickly becoming the next Avengers-level threat that viewers will see take on Earth's Mightiest Heroes. But Majors wants to take on one legendary hero: Iron Man. Majors recently spoke to Life Hacker where he mused how incredible a Kang and Tony Stark face off might look. He noted it would be "really interesting to see those two, kind of, come together and have a bit of conversation". The 33-year-old then went on to praise the Stark actor, Robert Downey Jr, who played the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. "This is like a Robert Downey Jr day," he said in the interview. "He just keeps popping in [to my head]. Like, I know he's an OG. I mean, he's one of the originals. I'm just such a huge fan of him as an actor." Majors added: "I think what he did with Iron Man was such a gift to the culture at large. I would love to be across from him on screen to see how our philosophies, acting-wise and character-wise, just personally, match up." He went on to call Downey Jr a "fascinating artist", before saying: "which is why Iron Man is so fascinating." Comparing the original Avenger to his new villain, Majors continued: "His portrayal of Iron Man is so fascinating and he represents a very clear world view and energy of the Avengers. And I think Kang represents a different era." At the moment, Marvel are gearing up to make Kang the next Thanos-level bad guy, and - as we recall - Thanos was the reason we lost a bunch of superheroes. DON'T MISS...Robert Downey Jr and Chris Evans 'returning to MCU before Secret Wars' [NEWS]Vin Diesel wants Marvel hero to join Fast and Furious series [INFO]Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr gave blessing to his replacement [INTERVIEW] Tony Stark gave his life to defeat the Mad Titan, while Captain America Steve Rogers also bowed out of the race after barely surviving the ordeal. On top of that, Black Widow, Gamora and Vision were all killed off. If Kang's latest appearance in Ant-Man is anything to go by, there may be some more major deaths coming in the near future. But would Iron Man star Downey Jr ever make a comeback? The actor himself doesn't seem to think so. He spoke to podcaster Joe Rogan in recent years where he toyed with the idea of returning as the Iron Man in the future. Downey Jr said: "To me, starting up again is off the table. I feel like I’ve done all I could with that character." He added: "There would have to be a super compelling argument and a series of events that made it obvious…But the other thing is, I wanna do other stuff… We all have to do what [Marvel Studios boss] Kevin Feige says." Meanwhile, a new Iron Man replacement was just introduced in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever - Ironheart. Played by Dominique Thorne, the newcomer to the series is a new take on the Iron Man mythos, and she is sure to become a major player in the upcoming series. Watch Ant-Man, Ant-Man and the Wasp, and all the other Marvel Cinematic Universe movies on Disney Plus now. SOURCE