The Los Angeles Lakers have informed teams that they will not be trading Anthony Davis, according to reports, after multiple teams have reached out to enquire about his availability. The Lakers big man has struggled with injuries throughout his career, missing key games for the team since he joined, but has played at an MVP calibre level when able to remain on the floor consistently.  The news had emerged after the Lakers failed to agree a trade for Kyrie Irving, with the superstar point guard making it known that he wanted away from the Brooklyn Nets after a breakdown in communications when discussing a new contract. The Nets made it clear that they would deal Irving before this week's trade deadline, but the Lakers were not able to offer enough to swing a deal, as the Dallas Mavericks were the team to acquire the 30-year-old for Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith and a first round pick. Almost immediately after Irving was dealt, news emerged that fellow Nets superstar, and arguably the greatest scorer in NBA history, Kevin Durant could be available for trade. The Nets are aware of Durant's displeasure of Irving being dealt, after he told them he wouldn't like to see him leave earlier this summer when he himself handed in a trade request, but recinded that when Irving promised to come back to the team. With Irving now gone, Durant remains the lone superstar on the roster, with the Nets likely thinking that they need to rebuild their roster, whilst being able to receive huge assets from trading away Durant. And some made the connection of Davis and Durant being traded for one another, in what would be a legendary duo of LeBron James and Kevin Durant on the same team. But the Lakers are reportedly not interested in trading Davis, as NBA reporter Sam Amico reported: "The Lakers are quickly shooting down any such talk for Anthony Davis, sources said." James and Durant have arguably been the best two players in the league over the past 15 years, and seemingly do have a good relationship off the court. While both in their 30's, the two of them on the same team would bring indoubted success, but whether it would be enough to win a championship any time soon, is seemingly a risk that the Lakers are unwilling to take, with Davis being five years younger than Durant.