The latest verdict has been reached by the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) today. This was after economists expected the base rate to rise by 0.5 percentage points. This is now the highest interest rate level since the Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy in 2008, launching the start of the economic crisis and credit crunch - bringing it to a 14-year high. A statement said: "We expect inflation to fall quickly this year. We’ve raised our interest rate to four percent this month. We know that higher interest rates have a real impact on people’s lives. But by raising interest rates we can bring inflation down sooner, and make sure it stays low after that." The committee voted to raise the rate to four percent by a majority of 7-2, with two members, Swati Dhingra and Silvana Tenreyro, preferring to maintain the rate at 3.5 percent - having both voted for no change in December 2022 also. READ MORE: State pension triple lock 'not sustainable'READ MORE: I warned pension freedoms would backfire but didn't expect this At the start of this year, the central bank appeared to gesture towards an interest rate rise. Chief economist Huw Pill said the country is probably in a recession and inflationary pressures could remain going forward. In a speech in New York, Mr Pill said the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC), of which he is a member, would act “forcefully” if the outlook were to suggest more persistent inflation. The MPC has voted to increase the rate at each of its previous nine meetings, this being the 10th. When it comes to further rate increases, most economists polled by Reuters suggested Britons should brace for one more increase. They expect the base rate to rise to 4.25 percent in March, which may be the peak of interest rate rises for the time being. Les Cameron, savings expert at M&G Wealth, warned the decision means Britons will feel pressure, explaining: "Even with an increase in rates, when coupled with sky-high inflation, anyone with cash or near cash savings will see their money being eroded in real terms. And this is likely to be felt more acutely by pensioners who are more likely to spend a higher proportion of their cash savings on energy bills, which continue to rise." An interest rate rise, however, it could be good news for some pensioners as it may spark a further increase to annuity rates, which have already been on the up. If rate hikes are passed down to savers, they could also get more for the money they decide to put away. DON'T MISS'Many options to avoid' paying £159 TV licence [INSIGHT]Pensioners in 25 countries may receive boost worth up to £600 [LATEST]Inheritance tax warning as Britons fail to plan for 40% bill [ANALYSIS] The opinion was seemingly shared by Colin Dyer, financial planning expert at abrdn, who said Britons need to "take matter into their own hands" when it comes to their finances amid the backdrop of the Bank's decision. He said: "People need to consider strategic ways to make their money grow in real terms. For example, savers who can lock their cash away for longer and accept some investment risk may be able to secure higher rates in fixed-term bonds.” The Bank of England continues to tread a fine line when it comes to the struggling UK economy. While the rate of inflation eased to 10.5 percent, it remains high, particularly against the central bank’s target of two percent. However, similarly, the bank is keen to avoid recession, which could come about by raising borrowing costs. Although inflation is falling as a result of softening energy prices, concerns remain about wage growth and how this could keep inflation high. But Tara Flynn, personal finance expert at ChooseWisely, said the interest rate hike is "heartbreaking", and added: "The Bank of England argues that increasing interest rates helps control inflation but appears indifferent to the impact this will have on millions of homeowners whose mortgages are due for renewal, credit card holders, and those seeking loans. “It’s widely acknowledged that the cost of living crisis has led to a significant increase in credit card usage, as families have been compelled to use them to cover escalating expenses such as energy bills, fuel, and food. However, they are now being penalised for something they would prefer not to do; it’s absolutely heartbreaking." READ MORE: 'Loved ones may lose everything unless you write will now What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While Jeremy Batstone-Carr, European Strategist at Raymond James Investment Services, said: “For the Bank of England and the MPC, this good news is a wolf in sheep’s clothing. The economy’s unexpected resilience is keeping the inflationary fuel flowing, putting more pressure on the Bank to raise rates in its attempts to stem the flow. “With the Bank’s upward revisions, the MPC may have to do the work they had hoped a lacklustre economy would achieve on its own.” Victor Trokoudes, CEO at Plum, said there could be good news on the horizon, as interest rates may not rise much further. He explained: “Today’s rise of 50 basis points was widely predicted, showing the Bank of England’s commitment to getting inflation finally under control. This is the 10th time in a row that the base rate has risen. With the base rate now at four percent, we’re getting closer to the peak rate of 4.5 percent predicted by the markets.” But for the economy, there is already a negative impact, according to Suren Thiru, economics director at ICAEW, who added: "The aggressive rate rises over the past year will increasingly drag on our economic prospects in 2023 as they filter into the broader economy, stifling activity and weakening confidence. If we do slide into recession, then policymakers may be forced to reverse policy sooner than many expect.” 