Ferrari boss Frederic Vasseur has claimed F1 will be “much smoother” since Mohammed ben Sulayem has taken a back seat. The Scuderia chief stressed things would calm down now teams were back at the track after a winter of rising tensions. He told Sky Sports F1: “Well, I think that it’s always the case in the winter time that every single discussion is going up. Now we’ll be back on track, we’ll come back to the reality of the business and it will be much smoother.” Earlier this month, Vasseur urged teams to focus on the sport and stay away from politics. He added: “I'm really convinced that as soon as we will put the cars on track, this will disappear a little bit off the screen, “For sure we'll have discussions but, as always, I hope that we'll be able to stay focused on the sporting side.” Ben Sulayem took a step back from the day-to-day running of F1 ahead of the new season with Nikolas Tombazis taking over. READ MORE: Sergio Perez admits Red Bull have pre-season 'problems' The 61-year-old will still be in charge of the governing body but will focus more on long-term strategies. The FIA have stressed the move was pre-planned and follows promises made in Ben Sulayem’s manifesto. However, the move comes amid a rise in tensions between team bosses and the FIA over the future of the sport. Ben Sulayem has publicly backed the grid’s expansion and thrown his weight behind Andretti-Cadillac's planned entry. However, many team bosses are unsure about the logistics around increasing the number of entries over fears it could dilute the prize money available at the end of the season. DON'T MISSFerrari hit with double blow as similar Lewis Hamilton issues raised [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen shares Ferrari, McLaren wish and talks Hamilton rivalry [ANALYSIS]Ted Kravitz shares dream Leclerc and Verstappen 2023 scenario [COMMENT] F1 chiefs were also angered by the FIA president after Ben Sulayem publicly commented on the sport’s valuation. The Emirati described a potential £16billion ($20b) Saudi Arabian takeover bid as “inflated”. Liberty Media then threatened legal action against the FIA and claimed they had the “exclusive right” to exploit the commercial rights. This then sparked an incendiary rebuke from the governing body which claimed the championship was only on loan to the rights holders. Ben Sulayem was missing from a key meeting of the F1 Commision in London as the new 2023 rules were finalised. Tombazis took Ben Sulayem’s position alongside F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali. Sky Sports commentator Martin Brundle appeared shocked at Ben Sulayem’s decision to step away, simply posting “wow” after the news emerged.