Prince Harry's legal battle against the Home Office over security has already cost UK taxpayers £296,882.87. The Duke of Sussex brought legal action some 18 months ago against the Government's department following a decision taken in February 2020 not to grant him automatic armed police protection whenever he and his family are on British soil. In July 2022, High Court judge Mr Justice Swift ruled in favour of Harry's bid to bring part of his High Court claim against the Home Office. It is believed the case may go before the High Court in early April, but it isn't known whether a ruling could be reached before the Coronation of King Charles III on May 6. Figures obtained through the Freedom of Information Act have revealed that the court case has already cost the UK Government £296,882.87 to defend. This sum includes £199,978.52 on legal department costs, £93,268 on general counsel and £660 for court fees. Former Scotland Yard commander John O’Connor told The Sun as it published these figures: "To expect protection provided by the state is arrogant and irrational. "It is only vanity anyway. He only wants protection because he thinks his importance is downgraded without it. The taxpayer should not have to pay a single penny towards this case." Harry launched his legal bid to seek a judicial review challenging the decision-making behind security arrangements in place for him over the past three years in September 2021. In January last year, Harry's lawyer said in a statement the Duke had offered to pay for his own police protection when in the UK so not to be a burden on the taxpayer. However, it emerged during the case's preliminary hearings, he was told police protection unit members aren't "guns for hire". Prince Harry has been paying for his family's security following their decision to relocate to the US in March 2020, as they were officially becoming non-working Firm members. However, while in the UK, his privately-hired security personnel can't carry guns and aren't provided with security intel the same way police protection officers are. READ MORE: Kate and William attend BAFTAs for first time in three years While Prince Harry's legal team argued the risk linked to the Duke has not diminished when his status in the Royal Family changed in the spring of 2020, Home Office lawyers said the Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures (RAVEC) was entitled to reach the decision to consider Harry's security arrangements on a "case by case" basis. Last summer, Mr Justice Swift ruled parts of the four of the five grounds Harry claimed were "arguable", which paved the way to a full High Court hearing focused on reviewing the royal's claim. The judge said it was arguable that RAVEC’s decisions were legally unreasonable and the Duke should have been told about the Committee's policy before it took its decision three years ago. The judge also said it was arguable whether the Duke "should have had the opportunity to make representations direct to RAVEC, including the opportunity to comment on other matters RAVEC considered". But he denied permission for other parts of Harry's claim, including he should have been told who was part of the RAVEC and that he did not have the chance to discuss the "appropriateness" of some people being involved in the Committee. This referred to Harry's lawyers' argument the private secretary of Queen Elizabeth II at the time, Sir Edward Young, should not have been among those making a decision about Harry's security given the "significant tensions" between them. While Harry and Meghan will be invited to the King's historic Coronation, it is not known whether they will travel across the pond to attend it. The pair, as well as the other guests, only have until early April to inform organisers of their intentions to attend. This would be the first time the Sussexes return to Britain since the Queen's funeral in September. Since Harry and Meghan relocated to the US with their son Archie Harrison in March 2020, they had also travelled together to Britain in April and June 2022. Prior to that, the Duke had returned alone to the UK in April 2021 to attend the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip and in late June 2021 to unveil the statue of Princess Diana at Kensington Palace and attend an event linked to his WellChild patronage.