Liverpool have been told by ex-defender Glen Johnson that any Jurgen Klopp departure would have to come following a “mutual agreement.” The Reds have endured a dismal campaign under the German, with Johnson claiming that players are struggling to maintain their manager’s philosophy. “Sacking him would be very harsh,” Johnson told Betfred. “It would be harsh in the sense of what he’s done for the club - but ultimately football is fickle and people have short memories. Liverpool have bought some top players and at the moment it’s just not working for them. If anything was to happen regarding his role then I’m sure it would be a mutual agreement. “For the players who have been at the club for a while - and there’s a lot of them - it’s hard to maintain Klopp’s philosophy for five or six years. They put everything on the line and work super hard every single week - and that’s very hard to do over a five or six-year period. “If the team doesn't show any real progression between now and the end of the season, then it’s possible that the owners and Klopp may have to have a chat.” READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    Liverpool’s woes began right at the start of the season as they were held to back-to back draws by Fulham and Crystal Palace, before going down to Manchester United. Klopp’s team secured their place in the last 16 of the Champions League before Christmas but have failed to emulate their form of last season in the Premier League and suffered their seventh top-flight defeat of the campaign on Saturday at the hands of Wolves. The Reds are now 21 points behind leaders Arsenal in the Premier League table and are 11 points adrift of fourth-place Newcastle, with the prospect of playing Champions League football next season looking less and less likely by the day. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    And following Liverpool’s defeat at Molineux Stadium, Klopp said: “Very frustrating, very disappointing. The start into the game was horrible, absolutely horrible - it was the opposite of what we wanted to do. The first 12 minutes, 2-0 down, is absolutely never helpful, but especially in our situation. It is absolutely not allowed to happen. “I don’t think they are [at their] best in the moment and do I like that? No. But I still know how good they are and how good they can be. But football, and life, is not like this. We work every day and it's not because of him, him, him. So, these things happen because we cannot help ourselves in these moments.” 