Groundhog Day is a popular tradition across the US and Canada, taking place on February 2. It is thought that on the day, a groundhog will be able to predict the next six months of weather. On Groundhog Day in their respective countries, Americans and Canadians will gather to watch and see whether a groundhog will see its own shadow. The primary purpose of Groundhog Day is an attempt to predict the water. Those who take part in the tradition hope that if the groundhog doesn't see its own shadow, and doesn't retreat back into its den, then spring will come early. However, if the groundhog does see its own shadow, prompting it to retreat back into its den, there will be six more weeks of winter. There is no science behind these predictions and groundhogs can't generally be relied upon to forecast the weather. But, that does not stop the festivities. Groundhog Day emerged from a Pennsylvania Dutch superstition believed by German-speaking migrants who travelled across Europe. That superstition is supposed to have evolved from Dachstag (meaning Badger Day) from German-speaking areas where people believe a badger predicts the weather. There are also links between this festival and the Christian festival of Candlemas, on which some believe clear weather means a prolonged winter. The German-speaking says Sonnt sich der Dachs in der Lichtmeßwoche, so geht er auf vier Wochen wieder zu Loche, or "If the badger sunbathes during Candlemas-week, for four more weeks he will be back in his hole". In different regions, the animal might vary, but it was always the sort of animal that hibernates, like a bear or a fox. The most famous Groundhog Day ceremony takes place in Punxsutawney in western Pennsylvania. This is where the first Groundhog Day observance took place and now crowds as big as 40,000 go there each year for the ritual. The first "Groundhog Picnic" was held here in 1887. The Punxsutawney Groundhog Club was formed in 1899, which carried on the local tradition of hunting groundhogs and eating the meat, which is said to be like a cross between pork and chicken. However, the hunt and feast have been resigned to the past due to a low appetite for the specialty. A group called the Inner Circle runs the Punxsutawney Groundhog Day. They can be noticed by their top hats and tuxedos. They are the people who receive the message from Phil as to whether he has seen his shadow or not, delivered to them in a language called Groundhogese. The Punxsutawney event involves a character known as Punxsutawney Phil. Large crowds attend to see this semi-mythical groundhog, who is said to be 135 years old, personally taking part in the ceremony since 1887. It's a truly amazing achievement because wild groundhogs typically live for an average of just two or three years. Last year, Phil - who is thought to have potentially been named after Prince Philip - did see his own shadow. The Inner Circle receives the message from Phil as to whether he has seen his shadow or not in a language called Groundhogese. What will Phil predict this year? The live stream of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Day can be found here.