Sterling has jumped higher after the UK and EU secured a new post-Brexit deal for Northern Ireland in a move set to end long-running tensions after Brexit. The pound leapt 0.7 percent higher to 1.20 US dollars and was 0.3 percent up at 1.14 euros.  It came after a Government source said Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen had signed a breakthrough deal at a meeting in Windsor, Berkshire. The FTSE 100 Index was also trading 0.6 percent or 50.7 points higher at 7929.4 in afternoon trading on Monday (February 27). Susannah Streeter, Head of Money and Markets at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: "Dawn may be about to break on a new era of calmer relations between the UK and the European Union, but hopes still aren't racing away that it will herald a significant post-Brexit boost for the economy. "This new consensual approach should help for other thorny political problems such as migration, but in itself it's unlikely to move the dial much for a big uplift to UK trade immediately."  Ms Streeter added: "There are some lingering concerns about opposition in Parliament, which would have to ratify the deal, but the power of the Conservative rebels has been weakened." The deal is aimed at finalising Brexit more than six years after the 2016 referendum and to resolve the trading issues created by the hated Northern Ireland Protocol. But there are lingering concerns over the challenge ahead for Mr Sunak, who still has to win the approval of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to ensure powersharing can be restored in Northern Ireland. There is also pressure on the Prime Minister to give MPs a Commons vote.  Walid Koudmani, Chief Market Analyst at XTB, said the EU-UK deal over Northern Ireland will end a lengthy period of uncertainty. READ BORIS JOHNSON'S REACTION TO SUNAK'S DEAL  But he added sterling is likely to see heightened volatility until any deal is finally given the all-clear by the DUP and Tory Eurosceptics. He said: "Any further roadblocks in the process could prove to be quite counterproductive for the moods of investors and could lead to a pullback from current levels which have already acted as a resistance in the past." DON'T MISS: Brexit boss tipped to meet Sunak at Windsor in matter of hours [REPORT] UK targets post-Brexit slice of India’s £4bn luxury goods market [LATEST] Vladimir Putin unleashes direct nuclear warning to NATO [REVEALED]  Earlier in the day, Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg warned Mr Sunak of a possible Tory revolt if the DUP does not support the deal, despite major concessions expected from the EU. The former cabinet minister told GB News: "It will all depend on the DUP. If the DUP are against it, I think there will be quite a significant number of Conservatives who are unhappy."  DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said: "We'll take our time to consider the detail and measure a deal against our seven tests." Arch-Brexiteer Steve Baker, a Northern Ireland Office minister, gave Mr Sunak his support. He told broadcasters as he left No.10: "I can only say this: that the Prime Minister is on the cusp of securing a really fantastic result for everyone involved."   Meanwhile, Conservative Eurosceptic Theresa Villiers said it was "crucial" for Mr Sunak to give MPs a vote on the deal. Downing Street has declined to commit to one. A former Northern Ireland Secretary, Ms Villiers told the BBC: "I can't conceive of circumstances where something as significant as this could be finally agreed and implemented without MPs voting on it in Parliament." The MP for Chipping Barnet said she would consider the deal itself and talk to the DUP before deciding whether to support it. She stressed that restoring powersharing was "crucial". She said: "It's intolerable that we've got the protocol undermining political stability in Northern Ireland."   The Prime Minister will be briefing his senior ministers this afternoon in a virtual meeting of the Cabinet. He will then rejoin Ms von der Leyen to set out the deal in a joint press conference before he makes a statement to MPs in the Commons. Brexiteers in the Tories' European Research Group (ERG) will convene MP Sir Bill Cash's so-called "star chamber" of lawyers to scrutinise the deal before deciding whether to back it. The protocol, signed by Boris Johnson when he was prime minister in 2020, was designed to prevent a hard border with Ireland after Brexit.  Northern Ireland has continued to follow EU rules on goods to prevent checks being needed when crossing into the Republic. But the trade barriers created between Northern Ireland and Great Britain have angered unionists. The DUP collapsed powersharing at Stormont last year in protest at the protocol's impact, leaving Northern Ireland without an executive or an assembly. 