Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford will lose his integrity if he does not commit his future to Old Trafford, claims Simon Jordan. The ex-Crystal Palace owner says the England international owes it to the Red Devils to sign a new contract. Rashford's current deal expires at the end of next season. United triggered the one-year option in his contract in December but are yet to agree a long-term extension. The 25-year-old is currently having the season of his life. He has scored 24 goals in all competitions, the most he has netted in a single campaign. Erik ten Hag said last week that getting Rashford to sign a new contract is a priority for United. And Jordan believes it should also be in the player's interest to stay at his boyhood club after a difficult couple of years. READ MORE: Benitez 'contacts Leeds over manager's job' two days after live TV appearance  He said on talkSPORT: "If he's got any integrity - which is a word that doesn't often belong in football - he should be signing a new contract with Man United because they've been carrying him for 18 months. He didn't do anything for the last 18 months. "You can point the finger at the manager at Man United, which I do because I think Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was laughable in his management of those players. He brought a culture in which was like a Butlins holiday camp where the club was doing them a favour allowing them to play and not the other way around. "There has to be a balancing act. If he's a Manchester United academy product and understands the opportunity that was given to him and some of the patronisation he's had over the last 18 months, he'll sign a new contract, get a new bumper pay rise and commit his future to Man United. That's what he should be doing." Rashford's form and contract situation will understandably lead to interest from elsewhere. Paris Saint-Germain are long-term admirers of the striker. DON'T MISSInside Man Utd squad's thoughts on takeover as Glazers look to agree £6bn dealChelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking PotterChelsea board 'make feelings clear' on sacking Potter after Southampton loss  Jordan believes United is still the right place for Rashford to continue his career. But the pundit did hint he would be lucky to get a major pay rise based on just a few months of form. Jordan added: "Man United are back in the ascendancy, they've got a coach now that seems to get the understanding of what it means to be Manchester United. Rashford and this discussion should be put to bed as quickly as it possibly can. "But it'll be a horse trade over enormous amounts of money. Doesn't earn his money the last 18 months, earns his money for six months, gets a huge pay rise. There's the perversity of football finances."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here