Adele, 34, was left holding back tears as she won the 2023 Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance for her song Easy on Me. The Hello singer heartedly dedicated the award to her son Angelo while also calling out her boyfriend Rich Paul during her short winning speech. Adele did not walk the red carpet for the Grammys this year, with host Trevor Noah mentioning the singer during his opening monologue. She looked incredible in a velvet maroon gown from Louis Vuitton as she sat beside her boyfriend Rich Paul. Adele was overcome with emotion when she took to the stage to accept the gong for Best Pop Solo Performance for her hit, Easy On Me. She said: "I really was just looking forward to coming tonight, I just want to dedicate this to my son Angelo." READ MORE: Anne Hegerty admits struggle to film The Chase due to Bradley Walsh The singer then began to cry, leaving her to call out her boyfriend Rich Paul who looked on from the audience. She said: "Oh god Rich, he said 'don't cry, if you win anything tonight don't cry!' and here I am crying." Adele shared the importance of the song due to it being about her son Angelo. She concluded: "This is for my son and I wrote this first verse in the shower when I was choosing to change my son's life. "He's been nothing but gracious and humble to me the whole time." Adele accepted the award from her new "best friend", Dwayne Johnson, who she was introduced to at the start of the ceremony. While entertaining the crowd during his opening monologue, the South African-born comedian approached the singer. He said: "The person that Adele has always wanted to meet is Dwayne Johnson….I found out he’s a huge fan of yours, too." DON'T MISS... The Grammys sees Lizzo take spotlight in orange as she joins guests [HOLLYWOOD] Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [PICS] Shania Twain sparks speculation with platinum blonde transformation [INSIGHT] Despite teasing that he didn't have Dwayne here with him tonight, Noah did have "someone called The Rock" with him. After grabbing her boyfriend's shoulder in shock, Adele stood up quickly and received a big hug from The Rock. They went on to greet one another with a kiss on each cheek, which left her beaming from ear to ear. The moment, which immediately went viral on social media, follows her decision to skip the red carpet. Adele previously admitted that she "would actually cry" if she met The Rock in person. She said in December 2021 to Nikkie de Jager: "I was the biggest wrestling fan when I was younger." After he sent flowers to one of her concerts, Adele admitted she "literally fell off" her chair in excitement. Beyonce led the nominees with a whopping nine nods, while Kendrick Lamar and Harry Styles follow close behind with numerous nominations each.