Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have continued to draw worldwide attention following their departure from the Royal Family at the start of 2020. Following their smash-hit Netflix documentary series releasing in December last year, the Sussexes have found themselves the latest targets of irreverent Comedy Central show, South Park. Iconic cartoons Kyle (played by Matt Stone) and Cartman (Trey Parker) slammed Harry and Meghan in the latest trailer for the series. South Park is still going strong on Comedy Central after kicking off its 26th season by criticising Kanye West’s latest controversies. This week’s episode, entitled The Worldwide Privacy Tour, now promises to lampoon the Sussexes’ move to the US, their subsequent documentary and Harry’s interviews and memoir. A description for the episode teases: “The prince of Canada and his wife try to find privacy and seclusion in a small mountain town.” READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments In the trailer, Kyle tells his friends: 'It seriously is driving me crazy. “I'm sick of hearing about them but I can't get away from them! They're everywhere. In my f*****g face.” To which Stan responds: “Look, Kyle, we just kind of don't care about some dumb prince and his stupid wife.” The episode will clearly poke fun at the former royals’ request for privacy while they launch a number of revelatory media projects, including the Netflix documentary and Meghan’s podcast, Archetypes. Harry also kicked off the year with the publication of Spare, a tell-all biography which became the UK’s fastest-selling non-fiction book back in January. The Prince and Princess of Canada have previously shown up in South Park as stand-ins for Prince William and Kate Middleton. However, it’s unclear if Parker and Stone will use the same characters in this episode or will be changing the models to better reflect the more topical couple. South Park’s royal parody arrives in the midst of speculation regarding Harry and Meghan’s attendance at the coronation of King Charles III. DON'T MISS:FBI Most Wanted star ‘out my comfort zone’ in three-part crossover [INTERVIEW]The Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tribute [REACTION]The Mandalorian star admits wearing helmet was ‘like going blind’ [INSIGHT] The latest reports have claimed the couple are still undecided as to whether or not they’ll attend, according to The Daily Mail. “Members of the family have told me that both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that,” a source close to the royals said. “And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the Royal Family will be willing to discuss… and that’s the weather.” The Duke is believed to want a meeting with the King and his brother William before he makes plans to leave the US. Sources have claimed members of the family are “fully expecting” the couple to be in attendance on May 6. However, there have also been reports the Sussexes could “find a reason not to go” to the event at Westminster Abbey, according to the Independent. The release of Spare could also be seen as a barrier to Harry and Meghan receiving an invite, as well as the fact the coronation will fall on their son Archie’s fourth birthday. South Park season 26 continues Wednesdays on Comedy Central in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK.