The television sitcom Frasier aired on NBC for 11 seasons before coming to an end after its last showing on May 13, 2004. But now the hit comedy is set to return and it has been revealed writers are going to find a way to acknowledge the memory of Cheers star Kirstie Alley, after she sadly died in December 2022. The nearing reboot of the comedy series will see Grammer returning to play one of his most beloved characters, Frasier Crane. It still hasn't been confirmed when it will be released but fans are still excited for its comeback. There’s plenty of discussion around which characters may return to the show, but one of Grammer’s co-stars will sadly not be back. Although actress Alley never appeared alongside Grammer, the pair did accompany each other on another hit sitcom called Cheers.  Alley played Cheers manager Rebecca Howe in six seasons of the US sitcom alongside Frasier. Grammer has now opened up on the tragic death of his beloved friend and colleague recalling she “lit up the room” when she joined Cheers. He told USA TODAY: “When Kirstie died, I was pretty upset about it because I really loved her. "She was a magnificent person [and gave] a wonderful performance in Cheers." He has asked the writers of the reboot to create a character similar to Alley's role in Cheers, which would be a sweet nod to remember the actress. Grammer explained: “She was remarkable. I mean, the stuff she could pull off. So I did say to the writers of this incarnation of Frasier, I said: ‘If we find a character that can do what Kirstie Alley did in Cheers, we will be a very lucky group of people’. "So it is in the back of our minds.” The news of the star's death came in a heartbreaking statement on December 6 2022 when the actress’ children revealed the sad news Alley had lost her battle with colon cancer. The lengthy tribute led by her son William and daughter Lillie confirmed the 71-year-old's death as they described their mother as “fierce and loving”. Prior to her death, her rep touched on her condition to People Magazine, but no other details were given regarding how serious her illness was. Paramount Plus was confirmed to be recommissioning Frasier with Grammer back as everyone’s favourite radio psychiatrist. It followed the medic as he returned to work Seattle, later reconnecting with his dad Martin Crane (played by John Mahoney) and brother (David Hyde Pierce).  The Frasier Crane actor appeared on The View last year, where lifted the lid on preparations for the upcoming reboot, admitting he cried while running through the first episode. He told the panel: “We’re in the final stages of the final script for the first episode of the Frasier reboot. It looks pretty good. I’ve had a couple of runs through it, and I’ve cried, so you know, I’m happy." The sitcom won a total of four Emmys for its outstanding leading performance, after receiving positive critical responses when it was on TV screens. Frasier is currently streaming Paramount Plus in the Uk or on Hulu in the US.