Prince Andrew is reportedly “keeping an eye” on his nephew Prince Harry and Meghan’s career and life in America as he plans to forge a new career despite having lost his titles. The embattled Duke of York has reportedly been denied any way back to life in a public role as a member of the Royal Family. King Charles has told his younger brother that the 62-year-old may pursue “low-key” business interests. In January last year the late Queen removed her son’s titles after the furore sparked by his alleged associations with paedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. But now it’s understood Prince Andrew has been consulting lawyers with a view to overturn a multi-million pound settlement with Virginia Giuffre, who accused the Duke of sexually abusing her. An insider told The Sun: “Andrew is less bothered than people think about losing his titles and official royal roles. He is thinking about how he can forge a new career. “He has been keenly keeping an eye on everything Harry and Meghan have been doing in America. They have managed to set up a new working life away from the Royal Family and that is something Andrew has been following very, very closely.” The source told the paper Andrew was “very interested” in the business and charity aspects of the Sussexes ventures rather than “doing anything on Netflix”. The paper said the Duke was assembling a team around him after losing a communications officer who had served him for two years. Prince Andrew’s own forays into TV ended in disaster with his 2019 BBC interview with Emily Maitlis being seen as a PR car crash. During the discussion Andrew insisted, despite later settling with her, that he couldn’t have been with Miss Giuffre at the time of the allegations because he was eating at a Pizza Express in Woking. The royal also claimed he had a medical condition that left him unable to sweat. In November reports claimed Prince Andrew flew to Bahrain as a guest of the oil-rich nation’s royal family with claims he was seeking a role of some sort. In her sex abuse battles the Duke is thought to be discussing if he has a case against Miss Giuffre, 39, who dropped a lawsuit against American Alan Dershowitz, Jeffrey Epstein’s lawyer, because she “may have made a mistake.” READ MORE: Talks in EU are a smokescreen – Sunak's Belfast 'plan' has left loyal Brexiteers stunned Prince Andrew's popularity has plunged to an embarrassing new low after he was branded the "Millwall" of the Royal Family in reference to the football club's fans' boast of being disliked by everyone. The claim was made by a sources close to the Duke of York, who told The Sunday Times the brother of King Charles III is also "the longest man in lockdown". The "Millwall" of the Royal Family claim is in reference to the South London football club’s "no one likes us, we don’t care" chant. A YouGov poll of 1,677 UK adults from December 7-8 revealed Andrew is easily the most unpopular, with a net score of -78 - unchanged from the last survey on November 9-10. Just seven per cent of participants in the December poll viewed the Duke of York in a positive light, with a massive 86 percent holding a negative opinion of him. In a poll that ran from 3pm on Monday, January 23, until 4pm on Tuesday, February 14, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Andrew be invited to the Coronation?” A total of 6,460 people responded, with the overall result being “no” Andrew should not be invited, receiving 54 percent (3,474 people) of votes cast. Whereas 44 percent (2,857 people) said “yes” he should be invited, and a further two percent (129 people) said they did not know either way. DON'T MISS: BBC chief Davie's 'arrogant and sickening' remarks prove licence fee should be abolished