Japan has stepped up on trade, on defence and spoken out against tyranny. As a fellow democratic island nation the bonds between the UK and Japan are getting stronger. We are also both working more closely with our freedom-loving allies. This nexus will be incredibly important for the future of freedom. After serving in roles across Government for the past 10 years - most recently as Prime Minister – I am convinced that there is no more important issue of our time. And it is pressing – the coming years will be pivotal. Let’s be clear, the free world is in danger. We are living in turbulent economic times and have faced severe shocks from the financial crisis to the COVID pandemic. We have less of the world’s population living in democracies than was the case 30 years ago. Meanwhile we have authoritarian regimes which are building up their armaments, as they build up their arguments - to try and get their messages across not just to their own populations, but also to try and influence the global world order. Nobody would love to see a prosperous, democratic, freedom-loving China more than me – of course I would. I’m a huge admirer of Chinese culture and civilisation. I have travelled to Beijing and Shanghai as well as Chungking and even Wuhan – long before the pandemic emerged. In classrooms, businesses and factories I saw the application, ingenuity and hard work of the Chinese people. But these people are being ill-served by a regime which is about control – not freedom. Some people say standing up to this regime is a hopeless task - that somehow the rise of a totalitarian China is inevitable. But I reject this fatalism. The free world has a significant role to play in whether or not that happens – and how it happens. After all, we encouraged China to embrace economic freedom, in the hope that this would give its citizens political freedom. But the opposite has happened. Nixon became the first US President to visit the People’s Republic of China. His handshake became known as the ‘handshake that changed the world’... and that was no understatement. Less than 30 years later, China was admitted to the World Trade Organisation. At the time, people didn’t pay much attention to this but it catalysed China's rapid rise to be one of the world’s largest economies. And it wasn’t that long ago that the UK heralded a ‘golden era’ of UK-China relations. We rolled out the red carpet for the Chinese President – with all the pomp and ceremony that came with a state visit. I should know – I attended a banquet in his honour. Looking back, I think this sent the wrong message. A few years later China removed the two-term limit on the President. The one-party state strengthened its grip on power at home, and it gained ever more influence on the world stage. And we ignored too many warning signs. From the Tiananmen Square massacre to the so-called Uyghur ‘re-education camps’, not to mention the disgraceful dismantling of one country, two systems in Hong Kong. Much of the world has turned a blind eye to these actions – at least until recently. But since it was the free world which enabled China’s rise it must be the free world which challenges its economic dominance before it's too late. We know that President Xi has been very clear – it’s his ambition for China to have control of Taiwan and in my view that would be disastrous. In 2022 China sent over 1,700 planes into Taiwan's air defence identification zone - that’s nearly double the number in 2021. And 2023 has already seen live fire drills. The message needs to be heard loud and clear in Beijing that these incursions are not acceptable. So-called ‘reunification’ is a core project of President Xi’s administration. And let’s remind ourselves of his words in 2021: "The historical task of the complete reunification of the motherland must be fulfilled, and will definitely be fulfilled." Taiwan is a beacon of freedom in a world where civil liberties and human rights are often suppressed. It’s a flourishing democracy with a thriving free press and an independent judiciary. We should be doing all we can to strengthen our ties with Taiwan. We know that doing more now will help prevent tragedy later.