Ben Shelton is being called the "future of American men’s tennis" - and his recent run in the Australian Open is a testament to just that. Since Andy Roddick lifted the US Open trophy in 2003, it’s a title that has, undoubtedly, weighed heavy in a nation that hasn’t seen men’s Grand Slam success since. So far, however, the signs are good for the 6’3 [1.9m] Atlanta native, who boats an explosive left-handed serve that averages 126mph. The American turned professional just before last year’s US Open and quickly went viral for his unbelievable tweener en route to victory over 2022 French Open finalist Casper Ruud in a Masters 1000 match. As the son of a former tennis professional-turned-coach, you could say that Shelton’s destiny was to follow suit. Father, Bryan, played from 1989 to 1997, reached No 55 in the world, and lifted two ATP Tour singles trophies. Fast forward 26 years and son, Ben, is ready to take the family name to new heights. MUST READ: Nick Kyrgios tipped to 'bring down' Novak Djokovic as Aussie star weighs in on GOAT race The 20-year-old, who travelled abroad for the first time to take part in 2023 Aus Open, headed there relatively unknown. But a remarkable showing in just his second Grand Slam tournament has caught the eye of many. During the first Slam of the year, Shelton - ranked No 569 in the world just a year ago - defeated Zhang Zhizhen, Nicolas Jarry, Alexei Popyrin and J.J. Wolf in a dream Melbourne Park debut. Delving into his experience Down Under, Shelton said: "The crowds have been pretty unbelievable. They supported me. I definitely didn't expect it coming into this tournament, being an American. They kind of treated me like one of their own. It was really fun to be able to play with the support behind me during my matches. [I had] a lot of smiles about that. "I definitely exceeded my expectations this week, what I thought I could do on the court - not just tennis-wise but physically being able to get through as many three-out-of-five-set matches as I did. I mean, I've only played one before in my career. I was pretty pleased with myself in that aspect as well."  Shelton also admitted his lack of travel out of the States had lowered his expectations heading into the event could well have helped him. He added: "I got on the plane with no expectations. I know that it's very hard to adjust to Australia from the United States with the jet lag, time change and everything. "It being my first time, never being out of the United States, I knew it would be a struggle. But I think it maybe has helped me a little bit, not having that expectation or the feeling that I have to perform." Remarkably, Shelton is balancing his hunt for a Grand Slam title with his studies, as he added: "I feel great. It's been a pretty special week for me. Definitely a lot on my plate, playing my first Grand Slam outside of the United States, starting school this week. It's been a lot. But I'm really enjoying it so far. "Each match that I've won here has felt the same. It's a mixture of joy, relief. I just have that feeling of ecstasy. When the last ball lands, I did it. To be able to do that on this stage four times in a row, that feeling over and over again, has been pretty cool."