Joe Biden’s “unserious” Government focuses on “fake problems”, an Ohio Senator has raged as toxic chemicals remain after a train wreck. On February 3, a train carrying hazardous materials was derailed in East Palestine, seeing around 5,000 people evacuated. Ten days later on Monday, authorities blew holes in five railway carts to drain them of vinyl chloride, a colourless gas associated with various types of cancer, amidst fears it could explode. But issues remain in the Ohio town, as destroying the carts has led to fears of toxic gases being released into the air. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has been on the scene, monitoring air quality throughout the area, but have already said four main toxic chemicals from the train wreck have contaminated either air, soil, or water. Vinyl chloride, butyl acrylate, ethylhexyl acrylate, and ethylene glycol monobutyl have all been found at the crash site, and now, Sen. J.D. Vance has railed against the Biden administration’s infrastructure spending. Speaking to Fox News’ Tucker Carlson, the Ohio Republican noted the Biden administration’s push on infrastructure, with $3trillion included in the 2021 Build Back Better Act. “We’ve had hundreds of train derailments after we’ve spent over a trillion dollars in this country”, he told the broadcaster. “So the fact that this isn’t getting obviously better is a major indictment of the people spending the money, and what they’re spending the money on. “Now we know, if you’ve listened to Secretary (of Transportation Pete) Buttigieg today, that they are focused on whether we have too many white men in construction jobs than he is on the fundamentals of his job which is ensuring that we have viable transport infrastructure in this country. “Unfortunately my constituents in East Palestine have been some of the main victims of the fact that we have failing infrastructure in this country, again, after spending tonnes of money in an effort to actually fix it. “So the problem we have is that we are ruled by unserious people who are worried about fake problems, instead of the real fact that our country is falling apart in some of the most important ways.” READ MORE: What we know about Michigan State University shooter Anthony McRae On Monday, Pete Buttigieg told the National Association of Counties Conference to work with contractors and community colleges to fix racial disparities in the industry. However, he faced major blowback for his near-silence on the Ohio derailment, before breaking his silence on Monday night. “I continue to be concerned about the impacts of the Feb 3 train derailment near East Palestine, OH, and the effects on families in the ten days since their lives were upended through no fault of their own”, he said. “It's important that families have access to useful & accurate information." Meanwhile, Erin Brockovich has hit out at Biden and told him to “step up” actions after the train derailment’s release of toxic chemicals has sparked health concerns and left farm animals dropping dead. DON'T MISS King Charles's 'odd' Meghan and Harry coronation decision US airspace incursions show threat is 'changing for the worse' Michigan university student 'felt like a hostage' as five killed The whistleblower and environmental activist said the President needed to be “more involved” on Twitter “Doing better than your predecessor, is not doing enough,” Ms Brockovich said. “The Biden administration needs to get more involved in this #PalestineOhio train derailment now. “We are counting on you to break the chain of administration after administration to turn a blind eye. STEP UP NOW.” Many in East Palestine have complained about feeling unwell and experiencing headaches since the derailment. Some said their farm animals died after the leak, while hundreds of fish were found dead in the nearby Leslie Run stream. It comes as train derailed in Splendora, to the north-east of Houston in Texas, just days after the Ohio wreck. According to a statement by the Splendora Police Department released late last night, officers were alerted to a crash between the train and an 18-wheel truck at 7:24 a.m. local time (8:24 a.m. ET). Police attended and found the driver of the truck deceased. "Union Pacific is currently on scene, along with multiple state and federal agencies," it added. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews