The American legal drama that touches on political blunders, the legal system, and more, has taken the crime TV genre by storm and is now set for a spin-off. CBS has issued a pilot order for Elsbeth as a spin-off show for The Good Fight and star Carrie Preston has now gone public with her reaction to the news. In the wake of The Good Fight season six, it has been brought to light that fans are about to get a show focused on one of the franchise’s most popular characters, Elsbeth Tascioni (played by Carrie Preston). In the potential series that is set to air for the 2023-24 season, the seemingly scatterbrained but brilliant lawyer that has had a successful career in Chicago will be utilising her skills to prosecute criminals in New York. The Good Wife creators Robert and Michelle King have released an official synopsis alongside Liz Glotzer (of King Size Productions) confirming plans for the spin-off. The official synopsis reads: “After her successful career in Chicago, Elsbeth Tascioni, an astute but unconventional attorney, utilises her singular point of view to make unique observations and corner brilliant criminals alongside the NYPD.” READ MORE: Pamela Anderson red-faced as balloon demo goes wrong on Jimmy Kimmel The star made her debut as Elsbeth Tascioni in the first season of The Good Wife and quickly became a standout character for fans. She went on to appear in 13 more instalments of the hit CBS drama that was shown on our screens over a seven-year period. Her take on the attorney character earned Preston a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series in 2013, as well as a nomination in the same category in 2016. And more recently, the actress showcased her role as Elsbeth in five episodes of the Paramount+ offshoot, The Good Fight. The Good Fight star took to Instagram to share her excitement with her 138k followers, saying she's “insanely excited”. In the post, the star shared a screenshot of an article published by The Hollywood Reporter stating the CBS pilot order for the Elsbeth spin-off. Preston captioned the post: “So…. this just happened and I am absolutely insanely excited and grateful!” She also took to Twitter to announce the news, expressing her gratitude to Robert and Michelle King, who wrote and produced The Good Fight and The Good Wife. DON'T MISS:The Handmaid's Tale fans expose season three error in murder of MarthaChicago PD’s Benjamin Levy Aguilar leaves Kelly Clarkson emotional The Last of Us' heartbreaking Bill and Frank episode bags HBO record Many friends and fans were quick to congratulate and express their excitement for the upcoming spin-off. Fellow The Good Fight actress, Sarah Steele commented: “YEEESSSSS!!!!! You as the lead of ANY series is my dream.” The Wire actor Chris Bauer commented: “Omg it’s about time!!!!” And fan @such_delight commented: “Yesss!!!! Elsbeth deserves her story being told! I LOVE it! This will be a great spinoff.” Twitter user @RKing618 also shared their excitement for the upcoming spin-off saying: “This should be fun… "And I loved the character of Elsbeth,” they signed off to the star. Although the date of Elsbeth’s spin-off hasn't been released yet, fans have a vague idea of when the show is set to air, which is in the upcoming months. The Good Fight is available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.