The football fan that went viral after he was knocked out over the weekend before the match between West Ham and Chelsea was actually an AFC Wimbledon fan, his manager has revealed. He claims that his employee was in with the ‘wrong crowd’ at the match and will learn from his mistake. Footage circulated on social media on Saturday afternoon of a young man being knocked unconscious before the Premier League bout between Chelsea and West Ham – which finished 1-1. The individual that was on the receiving end of the punch has now been revealed as Bill Tarbuck, and his boss at Elite Electrical Contracting has revealed that it was out of character for the football fan to have been involved in such an incident. The apprentice electrician was filmed shouting outside of the stadium before being knocked to the ground by a West Ham supporter and carted away in a wheelchair – heckled with chants of ‘Irons’ by supporters passing by. Tarbuck quickly saw the funny side of the incident once he had come around, posting a clip of him laughing at the eventful afternoon whilst in a hospital bed later that day – with a woman being heard telling him off for finding humour in the incident. And his boss Gregg Barnes has spoken about how he was surprised to see his apprentice caught up in the altercation, telling the Mail Online: “I have spoken to Bill. He has gotten a bit of grief and banter, but nobody condones what happened. Everyone is of the impression that he deserved it because he found himself in a silly position. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m “In the four or five years he has worked with us, there has never been any sign he is anything like that. We have high hopes for him in the future and for becoming a central part of our plans moving forward. He never has time off and is always on time. “The weird part is that he is actually an (AFC) Wimbledon fan. He just went with a group of mates and got in with the wrong crowd. He is very sorry for what he has done. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache “I have told him that he needs to move on from it and get his head down. He has been sent home for a week and has to be on light duties for a week when he returns. Hopefully, he will learn from that and it will be a life lesson for him. Nobody has been hurt.” Barnes revealed that Tarbuck won’t face any repercussions from the company due to how he is an ‘all-round good egg’ and that the banter from colleagues should be enough to prevent him from getting involved in a similar incident in the future, with the feeling that it was a ‘one off’ moment that the apprentice will learn from.