The first episode of series nine saw Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) reuniting with Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) after taking some time off. Things seemed awkward between the pair as they exchanged pleasantries, and it didn't go unnoticed by fans. ITV viewers were also delighted to see the return of bent copper, Ronnie Box (Simon Harrison). Morse was thrown straight back into work following the murder in a college garden. This led the detectives to investigate a celebrated Oxford orchestra, but when a second tragedy hit, the detectives discovered a story the ensemble would sooner forget. However, fans grew concerned about Fred when his boss offered him a new job. Chief Superintendent Reginald Bright (Anton Lesser) also told the detective he was retiring. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis "Well, sir if there isn't anything else?" Fred asked before his boss cut in: "Well, in fact there is. "I understand there is a detective superintendent [job] coming up in the next couple of months. "I have it on good authority that it would be looked on favourably were you to express an interest." As Fred questioned his ability, Reginald reassured him: "Good heavens no, if I might put my cards on the table. "After some thought, I have decided the timing is due, perhaps long overdue for me to retire. "And if possible I'd like to see my men in a safe harbour...you, Strange and young Morse." Reginald pointed out that Fred's potential promotion would mean he'd need to move. "It's something you need to discuss with Mrs Thursday," he explained before Fred asked: "What about Morse, sir?" DON'T MISS...Father Brown star Mark Williams admits he made fan cry  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [REACTION]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [SPOILERS] "Nobody could have done more for him," Reginald said before adding: "As hard as it is you must let them go sooner or later." Despite Fred's promotion, fans believe Fred may die by the end of the finale. Taking to Twitter, Peter pointed out: "Hopefully looks like they are setting up to promote Thursday on by the end of this last series - was worried they were going to kill him off instead !! #endeavour." Twitter user @DebbieBlackma14 shared: "I hope Thursday is promoted rather than die #Endeavour." (sic) While @laura_jayne123 added: "Fantastic start to the series..... But can't help feeling something bad is going to go down with Thursday #endeavour." (sic) "Why do I think Thursday isn't gonna make it out of this series? @EllenCook4 asked. "Also, how different things might've been if Morse had been the son-in-law rather than Strange." @_Mellers commented: "Why do I have a very bad feeling after the end of that episode #Endeavour." (sic) Endeavour returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.