US TV host Megyn Kelly has branded Prince Harry and Meghan Markle "an international laughing stock" who have "only themselves to blame". Her comments come as the Sussexes denied rumours they were planning to sue South Park over the satirical show's portrayal of the couple. Asked if Meghan and Harry would sue the show, Kelly said South Park wasn't to blame for less than complimentary opinions of the couple. "This actually got to the point where they had to come out through their spokesperson and deny that," Kelly said. Speaking to Paul Murray on Sky News Australia, she added: "Their real problem is they've become an international laughing stock and for that they don't have South Park to blame, they have only themselves to blame." The comments come after Meghan and Harry's spokesperson said the couple wouldn't sue the show.  "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports," they told People magazine. The show follows the fictional Prince and Princess of Canada but the two characters look almost identical to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The Prince has written a tell-all book titled Waaagh while the Princess of Canada is labelled a "sorority girl, actress, influencer, victim". The episode sees the couple embark on a "Worldwide Privacy Tour" on a private jet in an attempt to get the public to stop talking about them. They carry placards reading "We want our privacy!" and "Stop looking at us!" while touring Paris, India and Australia. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's political hopes 'completely destroyed' The whole episode is an obvious dig at the Sussexes who have embarked on several high profile media endeavours in recent months, including a Netflix docuseries released in December. Prince Harry has appeared in a number of high-profile interviews to promote his memoir, Spare. However, every South Park episode begins with a disclaimer that all "characters and events in this show - even those based on real people - are entirely fictional". It continues to say that the program "should not be viewed by anyone" due to its content. South Park's creators, Matt Stone and Trey Parker, are no strangers to controversy and throughout its 26 seasons the show has taken aim at numerous celebrities including Prince Harry's brother Prince William and his wife Kate, Princess of Wales. 