Caleb (played by Will Ash) was introduced to Emmerdale viewers when he paid his half-brother Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) a visit in prison on Christmas Day. There was a lot of hostility between the siblings and it was clear to see they were not going to get along. However, Caleb not only helped Cain to get an early release, but his legal team are also helping Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) with his case after he shot Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). However, fans think he could be too good to be true. Cain and Caleb have had several disagreements since his arrival, but in a shocking U-turn, they recently enjoyed a pint together at the pub. The newcomer also seems to be getting involved with Chas Dingle’s (Lucy Pargeter) life as she continues to live under the same roof as Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). During Thursday's episode, Caleb seemed to stir things between the estranged couple when he bumped into Paddy in the village. However, shortly after the beloved vet could be seen walking away from the village with a rucksack in hand. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star After his disappearance was raised, Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley), Marlon (Mark Charnock), Chas and Caleb gathered together to discuss their plan of action to find Paddy. Although, Caleb seemed to make things worse when he admitted he had words with the vet. After Marlon left, Mandy went to shout at Caleb before Chas stepped in. She fumed: "Remind me again exactly what you said to Paddy to make him leg it out of his life?" "It was just a friendly word," Caleb insisted. "There was nothing more. "He needed squaring up, you know he did he was getting to you." "It is still my life," Chas shouted. " And he is still my husband, I choose what I do." After pointing out Paddy had slept with Mandy, the barmaid continued: "Yes and they have got history together longer than my arm. "But you wouldn't know that, would you because you've been in this family all of five minutes and you think you can chuck your weight around? Who do you think you are? Cain?" Chas went on to warn Caleb to stay away from her until Paddy was found. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [INSIGHT]Dancing on Ice's Darren Harriott dealt crushing blow hours before show [NEWS]Brits viewers in uproar over Tom Grennan's 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION] However, it seems Chas has started to see through Caleb after Paddy went missing. Fans also believe the barmaid will be the one to finally expose who Caleb really is. Ryan Glendenning theorised on Twitter: "Chas finally seeing Caleb's true colours. It's about time." "What's his end game?" Conor Moran went on to ask. He later went on to say: "It's Caleb's words that could have pushed Paddy over the edge. Hopefully, Chas will push Caleb away from now on. She should never have trusted him." "Writers have been reading our tweets again. Chas reminding Caleb he doesn’t belong," Cherry Jackson tweeted. (sic)  "Can Chas just f**k off now and take her plastic brother Caleb with her.. cheers," Leanne Murphy pleaded. Other fans believe Chas was the mystery person Caleb was on the phone to, with @galexanderina asking: "Is it Chas he's on phone to? #emmerdale #Caleb." Sandra Painting shared on a soap Facebook page: "He is poking his nose in every ones business been in the village 5 mins but is this all part of the plan he has with the mystery caller??" (sic) Viewers also noticed how observant Caleb was when giving his account to the police, with Gav pointing out: "Caleb very observant on what Paddy was wearing. Worthy of an undercover cop, I deem." Will Chas finally expose Caleb's true identity? And if so could he know where Paddy has fled to? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.