A survivor of both the 2012 Sandy Hook School shooting and Monday's Michigan massacre has urged the US to tighten its gun laws in an emotional video uploaded to social media. Jackie Matthews, 21, uploaded the short clip to TikTok just a stone's throw from where three students were killed and five others injured.  Ms Matthews said: "I am 21 years old, and this is the second mass shooting that I have now lived through." She added: "The fact that this is the second mass shooting that I have lived through is incomprehensible. "My heart goes out to all the families and the friends of the victims of the Michigan State shooting but we can no longer just provide love and prayers. "There needs to be legislation, there needs to be action, it is not okay. "We can no longer allow this to happen, we can no longer be complacent. "I'll forever be Sandy Hook strong and forever be Spartan strong." JUST IN: Elon Musk hints he will step down as Twitter CEO by end of 2023  Matthews also detailed her experience at Sandy Hook, when 20 elementary schoolchildren were murdered and seven other people lost their lives. She said: "Ten years and two months ago, I survived the Sandy Hook shooting and when I was crouched in the corner in school in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14, 2012, I was hunched in the corner with my classmates for so long that I actually got a PTSD fracture in my L4 and L5, in my right lower back. "I now have a full-blown PTSD fracture that flares up anytime I am in a stressful situation or anything occurs which is aggressive like that." Monday's attack in Michigan unfolded at around 8.15pm when Anthony Dwayne McRae entered a classroom and started firing. The 43-year-old, who had no links to the college and no clear motive, then moved onto the MSU union building. The three students - Arielle Anderson, Alexandria Verner and Brian Fraser - were killed. READ MORE: 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm among locals over chemical leak in US disaster McRae turned the gun on himself after he was confronted by police several miles away from the college campus. Sandy Hook has had a lasting impact in America, especially among those calling for tighter gun laws. Joe Biden, who served as Barack Obama's Vice President at the time, recently offered some reflections as he marked 10 years since the shooting. He said: "We should have societal guilt for taking too long to deal with this problem. "We have a moral obligation to pass and enforce laws that can prevent these things from happening again. "We owe it to the courageous, young survivors and to the families who lost part of their soul ten years ago to turn their pain into purpose." DON'T MISS:Archaeologists unravel the truth of Aphrodite, goddess of love [SPOTLIGHT]Russian spacecraft leak sparks delay of rescue ship[REPORT]Brexit Britain to 'go it alone' and snub £85bn EU scheme for new deal [REVEAL] The 46th President also provided a response to events in Michigan on Monday. Biden again suggested he would do more to tackle gun violence. He said: "Too many American communities have been devastated by gun violence. "I have taken action to combat this epidemic in America, including a historic number of executive actions and the first significant gun safety law in nearly 30 years, but we must do more." Since entering the White House in 2021, the 80-year-old introduced further restrictions, including enhanced background checks for 18 to 21-year-olds and red flag laws which intend to keep guns out of the hands of people who are perceived as a danger. During his State of the Union address last week, Biden claimed the US should "ban assault weapons once and for all".  Taking aim at his Republican rivals, he added: "I led the fight to ban them in 1994. "In the 10 years the ban was law, mass shootings went down. "After Republicans let it expire, mass shootings tripled." However, Grand Old Party Representatives in the Great Lake State have been resistant to enacting gun reform in recent years. Congressman John Moolenaar said on his website: "As a supporter of the Second Amendment, I believe the right to bear arms is a fundamental principle upon which the founders built our nation. "This right must be preserved for future generations." However, according to the Gun Violence Archive, the attack in Michigan was the 67th mass shooting in the US since the start of the year. 