  Mike Tindall has confirmed he will not be attending I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! co-star Chris Moyles' birthday party. The star discussed his absence from the upcoming bash - which will see his fellow campmates reunite amid talks of “ghosting” - in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk at the Legends of Rugby Dinner 2023 in Aid of Nordoff Robbins.       The stars of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! 2022 will soon reunite at Chris Moyles’ birthday party, but one big star won’t be in attendance. The famous radio DJ will be turning 49 on February 22, and other ITV co-stars including Scarlette Douglas have already shared their plans to be present for the soirée. However, asked if he would be stopping in for the big event, Ruby legend Mike confirmed: “Unfortunately I’m not, that’s half term and that’s kiddy time.” Despite not being able to attend the do, Mike has rubbished the idea that there has been friction between the former campmates after rumours of Matt Hancock being kicked out of their shared Whatsapp group. READ MORE: Paco Rabanne dies years after perfume legend retreated from public    “I think there's been a miscommunication with that, no one has left the WhatsApp group,” he told the Sun at the event. “I'm actually seeing Sue [Cleaver] tomorrow, and I've seen Sue a few times and spoken to Baba [Aleshe] and pretty much spoken to everyone. He continued: “Well, we try to but it's not easy. You always have these grand plans when you're in the jungle but you come back and remember what life was before.” Mike’s remarks come after his fellow I’m A Celeb co-star Scarlette confirmed she was still in touch with her former campmates - despite previous reports of ghosting.      “Yes, we’ve got our own Whatsapp group, we’re all chatting,” she told reporters a few weeks ago. “Chris Moyles has got his birthday soon, so we’re all going to have a bit of a birthday party, which will be really nice,” she added in reference to the upcoming event. I’m A Celebrity 2022 saw a group of stars return to the Australian jungle for the first time since 2019. Travel restrictions enforced during the COVID-19 pandemic meant that the ITV show was temporarily relocated to Gwrych Castle in North Wales for two years. READ MORE... Priscilla Presley goes to court to seek changes to daughter's will [INSIGHT] John Torode admits 'I disappear' in marriage to wife Lisa Faulkner [LATEST] Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles [NEWS]    The newest series, which was set back in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, also welcomed back Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly as its presenters. The line-up controversially included former Health Secretary Matt, as well as Boy George, comedian Seann Walsh and Loose Women’s Charlene White. In the end, it was football star Jill Scott who was crowned the new queen of the jungle. Hollyoaks actor Owen Warner ended up in second place, while Matt shocked many viewers by earning himself the bronze prize.      Mike, who is married to Olympian equestrian Zara Tindall, finished just before Matt in fourth place. Zara, who was previously named Zara Phillips, is the daughter of Princess Anne and Captain Mark Phillips. She is a granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, a niece of King Charles III and 20th in the line of succession to the British throne. Stars attended the Legends of Rugby Dinner 2023 in Aid of Nordoff Robbins on Wednesday night, honouring Alex Goode and Emily Scarratt MBE.    