Kim Kardashian recently sported a Roma shirt while watching daughter North West in Basketball action. And, now, a new analysis has revealed a huge surge in interest in the Serie A giants. The celebrity has previously worn a retro Paris Saint-Germain kit, too. Kardashian wore a Roma shirt from the 1997/1998 season, leaving many fans confused. She has previously also worn a PSG jersey and it’s unclear where her footballing allegiances currently lie as a result. Now, a new analysis conducted by CasinoBonusCA.com has revealed searches for ‘AS Roma’ exploded by 2,894 per cent above the average volume in the last seven days. This is an increase of around 2.3m searches over two days, according to Google search data. Kardashian was spotted walking alongside basketball player Tristan Thompson, who has previously dated her sister Khloe. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here She also wore a black pair of cycling shirts and black YEEY 700 running shoes while in the Roma outfit. While Roma didn’t win the title that year, it was still donned by several icons of the game. They include Francesco Totti, Cafu and Aldair. There was no name on the back of Kim's kit however. A spokesperson for CasinoBonusCA.com addressed the findings from the analysis, saying: “This demonstrates the power of the Kardashian clan to cause a surge in searches for two very well-known clubs in football. “With Kim’s power as an influencer and close association with the fashion world, we could see vintage sports kits creeping into mainstream trends and the prices of such going sky-high. “Collectors and resellers of such kits would do well to monitor the demand. “The prices for these kits are hundreds of dollars and could rise if demand increases due to the exposure.” Roma responded to the images of Kardashian by saying: “Mamma mia, Kim!” But Serie A rivals Lazio didn’t waste much time in biting back on their own Twitter account. They shared images of results played out between the two teams during the 1997/98 season. Lazio won all four games against their fierce rivals in both the Serie A and Coppa Italia. And images they uploaded included celebrations in the crowd and Roberto Mancini playing against Roma. Kardashian split with rapper Kanye West last year. And she recently opened up on being with the 45-year-old, saying: "I definitely protected him, and I still will in the eyes of my kids. For my kids. “So, in my home, my kids don't know anything that goes on [in] the outside world. "It is [a full-time job]. It is worth it because I think that of course I want to disassociate in specific thoughts and things being said because that is not me." And she added: "But at the same time in my home I could be going through something, but if we are riding to school and they want to listen to their dad's music — no matter what we are going through — I have to have that smile on my face and blast his music and sing along with my kids. “[I can] act like nothing is wrong and as soon as I drop them off, I can have a good cry." She’s previously said: "I am holding on by a thread. “I know that I am so close to that not happening, but while it is still that way, I will protect that to the end of the Earth as long as I can. "My kids don't know anything. So, at school, some of my best friends are the teachers so I know what goes on at recess and lunch time. I hear what is being talked about."