Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has refused to comment on the Premier League charges against Manchester City. The Spaniard also did not want to discuss the future of young striker Folarin Balogun. City were charged by the Premier League this week with over 100 alleged breaches of financial rules. Arteta was a first-team coach at the Etihad during part of the period under scrutiny. He helped them win two Premier League titles, two League Cups and the FA Cup as assistant to Pep Guardiola before moving to Arsenal in late 2019. Arteta spoke to the press for the first time since the revelations on Friday. But he did not want to give his opinion on the matter. He said: "I'm not going to make any comment on that, I'm sorry." Reporter Gary Cotterill pushed Arteta for an answer in a different way. He said: "You were somebody who worked there for three years, you won two Premier League titles. READ MORE: Guardiola hits back at Man City being 'already sentenced' in fiery defence  "I was wondering whether in any way you thought, despite all the work you put in on the training ground, that there's a potential that they might be devalued?" But Arteta was resolute in his stance. He said: "I can't respond to that question because I will be responding to part of the previous question and I don't want to, I'm sorry." Arteta also said he didn't see anything untoward during his time at City. Meanwhile, Balogun was also a topic of discussion at the press conference. He has been flourishing during a loan spell at Reims in France. The New York-born forward is the leading scorer in Ligue 1 this term with 14 goals to his name but has been linked with a potential exit from Arsenal this summer. Arteta revealed his delight at the youngster's performances. He said: "So happy for him. He’s a boy with a really clear idea of what he wants to do in his career. "And he’s really brave. We discussed before whether it was the right place to go and really pleased for him. "I’m very pleased and obviously when you look at the numbers and what he’s doing it’s incredible, but he’s got something special that’s why we gave him a long term contract." However, when asked about the 21-year-old's future, he said he preferred to think about the present. Arteta is reported to not have made a decision on where Balogun fits into his plans once he returns to north London. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here