Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta furiously blanked a question in disgust in his post-match press conference after being asked whether Manchester City's significant 3-1 Premier League victory was born from a lack of rotation over the course of the season. The Gunners were handed a savage reality check by Pep Guardiola's champions as goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland sent the Citizens to the top of the Premier League.  This was a night when Arsenal shot themselves in the foot after Takehiro Tomiyasu gifted the visitors the opening goal totally against the run of play. The Gunners were generally sloppy and that was the feeling of gutted boss Arteta, who claimed his side gave away all three goals so cheaply. Nonetheless, he was later asked whether Arsenal's general lack of rotation throughout the season was the key reason behind their defeat. Arteta did not even give the journalist who asked the question the time of day, totally blanking him. READ MORE: Man City pay Arsenal greatest compliment before savaging Arteta's Mr Reliable in huge win  The Spaniard is not ruling his side out of the title race, however, as he believes his side more than matched City for large spells of their fiery encounter. When asked by BBC Match of the Day about Arsenal's title prospects, Arteta responded: "I have more belief than I had before the game, with the performance and the level the team put in against City. They wanted to play a different game than the one we played and with the crowd we have we can do it. "They still have it [the belief], I can sense it. They feel they can do it. "The difference was in the boxes, they had three chances and they put them away. We had chances and we didn't put them away." DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race City are now back at the top of the Premier League but Arsenal still boast a game in hand of their title rivals as the Gunners look to put things right at Aston Villa on Saturday. Captain Martin Odegaard was willing to accept that City were the superior side on the night, as he said: "The game is decided in the boxes and we were not sharp enough, in front of the goal and in our own half as well. “They were better. Apart from that, we played a good game, did many good things and had many good periods, but we have to be better in the boxes. "It is football. Sometimes chances go in, sometimes not. But that is where we need to improve and be more clinical and defend our box. That is not just about one player, but the whole team. "As we have said all season, work hard and take it game by game. “It is the same now. It is one game we have lost here today and now we look to the next one. A new game on Saturday and we must come back and win. "It was an unbelievable atmosphere and we are so grateful to everyone who came here today and made the game special. “We will work hard to give them something to make them happy about."