Arsenal icon Martin Keown has warned that the league leaders must brace themselves for a reaction from Manchester City in the title race after the Premier League announced charges against the club. The English champions could face a points deduction or even relegation from the top flight after allegedly breaching financial regulations between 2009 and 2018. Man City have been referred to an independent commission after being charged by the Premier League with breaking over 100 financial rules and regulation in a nine-year period between 2009 and 2018. The club have consistently denied any wrongdoing and will challenge the charges strongly. The issues off the pitch may well prove to be a distraction for Pep Guardiola's side, who lost 1-0 at Tottenham on Sunday to leave them five points behind Arsenal in the Premier League standings. But Keown, 56, believes there is a chance that announcement could have the opposite effect and inspire City's star-studded squad to perform even better against the tide of adversity. READ MORE: Man City relying on five clubs to avoid Premier League expulsion "I’m pretty certain this will only galvanise the City players," Keown told talkSPORT. "This can be used as fuel to get back to the top of the Premier League table. "There’s a feeling that the world is against them now, the ramifications are huge. These players will want to hit back, they’ll use this as energy. "They’ll have the best lawyers in the world against this and they’ll want to get the truth out." City have been accused of failing to provide 'accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club's financial position', following a four-year investigation from the Premier League documents were published by German newspaper Der Spiegel. They are also alleged to have failed to provide full details of Roberto Mancini's salary when he was manager at the Etihad Stadium from 2009 and 2013, and player wages from 2010 to 2016. DON'T MISSMan City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guiltyMan City send staff message in 'urgent meetings' as club declare warMan City's rivals 'demand relegation' after 'decade of alleged abuses'  City released a statement on Monday to declare their "surprise" that the club have been publicly mentioned by the Premier League, with the club planning to fight to clear their name. It read: "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. "The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." City are due to face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday in their first game since the charges were announced and could find themselves eight points adrift, with Arsenal hosting Brentford on Saturday. 