Make-up artist Saffron Hughes from FalseEyelashes.co.uk spoke to Express.co.uk about a viral TikTok trend that actually works. Saffron explained that a clever make-up technique can sculpt the face, helping one to achieve a youthful look. Make-up can be used in effective ways, usually helping the wearer to look healthier and younger. A contouring technique using just one make-up product has gone viral in recent days and it is “game-changing”, according to Saffron. The videos demonstrating the trend, which has been said to rival beauty filters, have earned a whopping 3.2 billion views in total. The concealer hack involves drawing triangles on the face to brighten those areas, giving “a face lift in a matter of minutes”. READ MORE: Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims By drawing three triangles, one under the eye, another next to the nose, and one in the corner of the mouth, make-up fans can reduce the appearance of dark circles and conceal smile lines. Saffron said the technique “mimics the lifting effects of a cosmetic procedure”. She continued: “Whether you’re new to contouring or a seasoned sculpture, this latest make-up trick is achievable for all. It claims to conceal key signs of ageing such as dark circles and smile lines.” To try out the hack at home, Saffron explained that “the placement of the triangle is essential”. DON'T MISS:Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste [GUIDE]Marks and Spencer to close seven stores this year - list [NEWS]Smooth out wrinkles in ‘just 30 seconds’ with ‘amazing’ skin tonic [BEAUTY She advised: “With a small concealer brush or applicator, paint a small right-angle triangle underneath the inner corner of your eye. “It’s important you aren’t too heavy handed with this - the triangle should be no bigger than a third of the length of your nose. “The concealer brightens the area and covers dark shadows, whereas the triangle shape highlights a high impact area without the excess use of product. “The same effect occurs when drawing a triangle next to the nostril. Not only does this reduce the appearance of smile lines, it contours the nose and makes it look smaller at the same time.” READ MORE: Four foods Royal Family will never eat including King Charles's rule The make-up artist added: “Finally, when applying a triangle underneath either side of the outer lip, it lifts the pout, almost giving a hint of a smile without moving your face an inch. “Brightening this area can create the illusion of a lifted pout. “It can also reduce the appearance of marionette lines, which occur with ageing. “The great thing about this triangle contour is that you can actually forego your usual contour shade and blush and solely get the lifting benefits from where the concealer is applied. It’s genius.” But which concealer is best to use for this technique? First of all, one needs to prepare the skin. Marc Reagan, Hourglass' Global Beauty Director, advised washing the skin and making sure there are no dry patches. He suggested laying down moisturiser or eye cream for any areas you are concealing, ensuring “a smooth application, allowing the concealer to blend evenly”. Brilliant and affordable concealers include F*ck I’m Flawless Multi-Use Perfecting Concealer by Il Makiage, NARS Soft Matte Complete Concealer, and Charlotte Tilbury’s Beautiful Skin Radiant Concealer. These concealers come in tens of shades and promise to be long-lasting and lightweight.