The creators of the satirical cartoon South Park appear to have poked fun at the Duchess of Sussex's relationship with Michelle Obama in a hidden joke. The show, although not actually naming the royal couple, showed an animated couple bearing an uncanny resemblance to Harry and Meghan. On the episode, the cartoon character purported to be Meghan donned a blush pink outfit similar to the one she wore for the Trooping the Colour in 2018. They are seen promoting the 38-year-old's book, Waaagh, which is a skit on the Duke of Sussex's memoir, Spare. The couple are shown embarking on a tour, or as stated a 'Worldwide Privacy Tour', which saw them doing a host of television interviews, before moving to South Park for 'privacy'. The episode evidently mocked the couple who have been mocked, in real-life, for their contradiction in privacy. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is 'upset and annoyed' over how she's portrayed in South Park parody In the episode, viewers look at a computer profile of the character, whilst the couple seek help from a brand management agency. The profile lists the 41-year-old as a few things, including a 'sorority girl', 'actress', 'influencer' and 'victim'. As well as highlighting her interests, which include 'writing' and 'yoga', it also states Meghan as a 'first lady botherer', poking fun at her relationship to Former First Lady, Michelle Obama. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are known for their close friendship to both Michelle and Barack Obama. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could receive a payout if he's evicted from Royal Lodge The royal couple have grown close to the former President and his wife, and even spoke at a summit for the Obama Foundation in November 2017, the same month they announced their engagement. In 2018, whilst pregnant with her first child, it emerged that Meghan had secretly attended Michelle's book event in London. The couples also previously worked together for Harry's project, the Invictus Games. DON'T MISS Harry's 'limited budget' claims proven after Charles's recent outing [LATEST]King sees inside the military training regime of Ukrainian recruits [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [REVEAL] Like Michelle and Barack Obama, the Sussexes now reside in the US. The couple live in Montecito, California with Archie and their daughter, Lilibet, who will turn two in June.