Manchester United legend Gary Neville made a joke out of Wout Weghorst's finishing following the Dutch striker's wasteful display in front of goal against Leicester. The Sky Sports pundit suggested that his misses proved why he was available on loan earning a laugh from lead commentator Martin Tyler. Weghorst was a shock arrival at Old Trafford during the January transfer window with Erik ten Hag moving to bring him in on loan from Burnley as a short-term replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. His tactical versatility has been a huge benefit to the United boss using him in both the No 10 and as a traditional centre forward. However, his form in front of goal has left something to be desired with the Dutchman netting just once in 10 appearances in all competitions. The trend continued against Leicester with the striker failing to convert any of his six shots including one big chance towards the end of the game. The miss brought a jovial response from Neville as he suggested his finishing ability showed why United were able to bring him to the club relatively easily on loan. READ MORE: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd "Just look at Weghorst, collapsed on his back thinking come on, give me a break," Neville said following the miss. "There’s a couple moments in the game where Weghorst hasn’t got to crosses and maybe could have done as well, it’s not just the clear chances that we’ve seen. "We’ve got Jimmy Floyd-Hasselbaink and Robbie Keane in the studio who were very good finishers, it’ll be interesting to see what they think. I don’t know why Weghorst isn’t taking these chances. I suppose if Weghorst was taking the chances he’d be scoring 20 goals a season and wouldn’t be available on a free loan." Tyler laughed in response to the remark as the commentary duo made light of Weghorst's situation.   However, Neville was also keen to temper his criticism with praise as he talked up the striker's work ethic, something he believes will make him popular with his fellow United stars. "He’s doing a lot of work for the team," he continued. "I imagine he’s very popular with his teammates, doing a lot of that work that Manchester United’s players in the last couple of seasons have been accused of not putting in, but then there’s just that quality thing in the final third which maybe what counts in the big games and towards the end of the season, we’ll see." It remains to be seen whether or not Weghorst's goalscoring form improves towards the end of his loan spell however it is clear he still brings a lot of valuable qualities to Ten Hag's side.