Lloyds Bank is giving customers until March 7 to make the switch and claim the free cash. Britons will get £200 in 10 working days once they switch. To qualify people must switch using the ‘Current Account Switch Service’ to a Qualifying Account. A Qualifying Account is one of the following: Club Lloyds customers are encouraged to “take advantage of this exclusive savings account,” to get more for their money. Each account has certain fees attached each month. For more information, people can check the Lloyds website. Lloyds Silver Account includes added benefits including European travel and mobile insurance as well as breakdown cover with Roadside Assistance. READ MORE: Households could get £70 voucher to spend at supermarkets – how to claim Existing Lloyds customers can qualify for the £200 offer as long as they haven’t received cashback from them since April 2020 and they complete their switch using the Current Account Switch Service to switch a bank account held elsewhere. Britons have just seven days left to claim the cash bonus. The deadline to make the switch is March 7, 2023. As inflation remains high, Britons are encouraged to find the best interest rates for their cash in the bank. For the best deals, individuals can look around to find what suits them. READ MORE: Lesser known saving hacks': Britons could save up to £5,000 in three months As well as free cash, customers can have access to exclusive savings accounts, unlocking higher rates of interest. The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver allows customers to benefit from 5.25 percent gross/AER fixed interest. The 5.25 percent AER is fixed for 12 months and will be applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver is a regular, fixed-rate savings account, meaning customers are encouraged to frequently put money away for a fixed, high-rate return at the end of the account's term. Customers can save between £25 and £400 every month by one standing order or bank transfer. This needs to reach the account before the 25th of the month. If £400.00 is deposited every month for 12 months, the account holder will have a balance of £4926.00 after interest is paid. This assumes people deposit £400.00 in the middle of each month and they don’t withdraw any money or interest. The account is only available to Club Lloyds current account holders who have not already opened one of these accounts in the last 12 months.