The English Football League's chief executive has revealed they are considering introducing a third promotion spot for National League clubs - and that spells good news for Wrexham. The Red Dragons are trying to get out of the National League under the ownership of Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney. Wrexham finished second in the National League last season to qualify for the play-offs, where they lost to Grimsby. They are in the same position this time around - sitting five points behind leaders Notts County. Rick Parry of the English Football League was asked about the possibility of three promotion spots from the National League instead of just two during an interview with BBC Sport. The EFL boss admitted: "We are having a lot of discussion about three up, three down. "We absolutely recognise the need to look downwards as well as up. We have to be consistent in our approach. We haven't put proposals to our clubs yet, but do we envisage that being part of the package we put forward? Yes, 100 per cent." The EFL are looking to reform their competitions - including the Carabao Cup. The relevance of the competition has been questioned, with UEFA's president Aleksander Ceferin telling The Telegraph: "Football would not lose much if you lose that cup." The chances of the Carabao Cup being scrapped are slim after Parry defended the competition. Manchester United take on Premier League rivals Newcastle in the final of the Carabao Cup at Wembley on Sunday. Parry added: "Last year, we had a record TV audience of four million for the Carabao Cup final. But, of course, we recognise there are challenges with the calendar. Are we prepared to have constructive dialogue, given those challenges? Yes, of course." Reynolds and McElhenney are desperate to take Wrexham out of the National League, as they look to establish the Welsh club near the top of the English pyramid. The National League is arguably the hardest division to win promotion from at this moment in time. The likes of Notts County, Chesterfield, Southend, York, Yeovil, Torquay, Scunthorpe and former Premier League club Oldham would all love a return to the EFL. Wrexham's challenge is apparent by Notts County's form. The Nottingham-based club have won six consecutive league games and already have 80 points, with 13 games remaining. In theory, Wrexham or Notts County could gain more than 100 points and stay down. "We need to get out of this f****** league," ranted McElhenney after Wrexham's game against Aldershot in October 2021 was abandoned due to a waterlogged pitch.