Friends of Nicola Bulley have released pictures of the last time missing mother-of-two was caught on camera. Stills from CCTV footage caught from a doorbell camera show the mortgage adviser packing up the car as she prepared to drop her two young daughters off at school. They show her in the outfit she was likely wearing as she disappeared during a walk with her dog along her favourite route on the River Wyre more than a week ago. She was dressed in a long black quilted gilet jacket that ran to her ankles over a black Engelbert Strauss waist-length coat. Ms Bulley was wearing a pair of tight black jeans tucked into long green walking socks. She also wore a pair of Next ankle wellington boots. The pictures showed a visible necklace and a pale blue Fitbit, and that she had tied her hair into a ponytail. A friend released the footage in hopes that someone may recognise the mum as the search intensifies. February 5 marks the ninth day of the investigation into Ms Bulley's disappearance, with police still unable to identify a trace of the missing mother. Investigators are working on the hypothesis that she fell into the River Wyre last week while walking her dog Willow. Lancashire Police superintendent Sally Riley said the force is "as sure as we can be" that she "has not left the area where she was last seen". She added that, "very sadly", investigators suspect she "for some reason" had "fallen into the water". Her sister, Louise Cunningham, issued a similar statement via social media. She said: "Off the back of the latest police media update, please can I add there is no evidence whatsoever that she has gone into the river, it's just a theory. "Everyone needs to keep an open mind as not all CCTV and leads have been investigated fully, the police confirmed the case is far from over." Supt Intendent Riley said police have not found evidence "of a slip or fall". But she said falling into the river may not leave such a trace, and specialist divers have spent days combing the river.