Vannessa Cross, along with her friends Ashley Sutton, Tina Arnold and Meghan Crumpler, have made massive progress over the course of their journey with the hit TLC reality series. In the latest episode of 1000lb Best Friends, Vannessa revealed just how far she’s managed to come over the last few years after reaching her goal to qualify for surgery. The reality star confirmed she’s finally able to put on a car seatbelt after a huge 200lb weight loss. During this week’s episode, Vannessa celebrated a stunning result with Dr Charles Procter. “Honey, my world has changed completely,” she said to the cameras. “I put a seat belt on. First time. In the front, put the seat belt on and clicked it." READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence “All my life I’ve had to put it behind me, click it, and just pull it around.” Vannessa started the series weighing well over 400lbs and in desperate need of a lifestyle change. After just two seasons of the show, she has almost cut her weight in half by going from 448lbs to 248lbs. The reality star recalled her struggles with her weight over the last 20 years and was thrilled to start seeing the results of her hard work. “I have had so many different breakthroughs,” she continued. “I feel like I’ve been locked up for 20 years, been in prison for 20 years and now I’m free. “I get to see things in the world I didn’t get to see.” Dr Procter had recently asked Vannessa to lose another 40lbs before she could qualify for further surgery to take her down to a healthier weight. “I’m confident that my weight is still going down, so I’m excited to step on the scale,” she said in her confessional. DON'T MISS:FBI Most Wanted teases Remy’s death in season 4 promo [VIDEO]Outlander fans ‘afraid’ as clues tease Frank Randall return [THEORY]NCIS fans overjoyed as Pauley Perrette reunites with co-star [LATEST] “Dr Procter wants me to get to 260lbs so I’m hoping and praying that I’ve done enough work, I’ve done what I’m supposed to do to not only reach but possibly exceed his goal.” Vannessa was ecstatic to realise she had not only reached the goal, but had flown by it and lost an additional 12lbs. “My starting weight was 448lbs,” she said. “I’ve now lost over 200lbs total since this journey started. “I’m so excited, I’m overjoyed. I really want to go run around and throw a party.” Viewers were equally thrilled by Vannessa’s results, with many of them heading online to show their appreciation for her impressive weight loss. Redditor u/streetcarrebellion said: “CONGRATS VANESSA! Super proud to see her progress and hopefully her friends are just as happy for her!” And u/Brosie24601 commented: “Vanessa had done so amazing. She is a totally different person. I am so happy for her.” Meanwhile, the rest of the group are still making their way to their own goals and things took a positive turn after both Ashely and Tina were able to conquer the dreaded 5k challenge. 1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.