Eddie Hearn is confident that Conor Benn will be back in the ring by late spring following the news that the World Boxing Council (WBC) are set to reinstate him in their rankings after a three-month investigation into his failed drug tests. Hearn claims Benn will return in a ‘big fight’ against either Kell Brook, Chris Eubank Jr, Manny Pacquiao or Terence Crawford once the enquiries into his case are completed. Benn returned adverse findings for the banned substance clomifene in two pre-fight drugs tests ahead of his doomed grudge match against Eubank Jr in October. Three separate investigations were carried out on the matter with the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) and the UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD) probes still ongoing. The WBC’s enquiries are solely for the purpose of determining whether the fighter can regain his No 5 spot in their welterweight rankings. Meanwhile, investigations from UKAD and the BBBofC carry more weight for The Destroyer’s career prospects with the BBBofC able to ban Benn from boxing if they find him guilty. But Hearn believes his fighter will be cleared to compete over the coming weeks and has big plans ahead for him. When asked about Benn’s next steps, he told iD Boxing: “Straight into a big fight, Chris Eubank Jr, Manny Pacquiao, Terence Crawford, Kell Brook, probably not, but just the biggest fight possible that’s what he wants to do. He was in the biggest fight in Britain, that fell through, and he wants to be in another one.” The most appealing option for Benn is the Eubank Jr fight. “There is a lot of unfinished business in that fight and a lot of bad blood,” Hearn added. “Obviously, defeat for Eubank [against Liam Smith] makes it a little bit smaller but still a monster fight. “We were so confident coming into that fight and we saw through the Liam Smith fight, and Liam Smith is a great fighter, but Conor would have done the same but that’s why Conor is now happy to do it at 160 and he believes he knocks Chris Eubank Jr out.” The WBC is expected to submit the official results of its investigation imminently after digesting the information from Benn’s 270-page document submitted to the body to clear his name. Reports from the Daily Mail suggest that Benn’s defence leans on contamination from the boxer’s heavy consumption of eggs and the Voluntary Anti-Doping Association’s (VADA) testing procedure (VADA carried out the two failed tests).  BBBofC general secretary Robert Smith claims he has not received the dossier which was sent to the WBC therefore the Board's investigation is slowing.