Real Madrid star Toni Kroos slammed a German television reporter before storming out of a live interview after Los Blancos’ Champions League win over Liverpool last May. Madrid had just stunned Liverpool by winning 1-0 in Paris when Kroos slated a reporter for being ‘negative’ in his line of questioning. Kroos played a pivotal role in the triumph, which was sealed by Vinicius Junior’s goal midway through the second half. The win secured the veteran midfielder his fourth Champions League winners’ medal. But the 33-year-old was not happy with a German reporter following the game. He accused the individual of being ‘negative’ and slammed their ‘s*****’ questions. The interview appeared to be going well until the interviewer put it to Kroos that Liverpool had Madrid under a lot of pressure. The Germany international gave a baffled look before responding: "You had 90 minutes to think about sensible questions. And then you ask me two s***** questions. That's crazy. JUST IN: Football news LIVE - Ten Hag sounds Man Utd warning, Potter pressure "It's not surprising that you get into trouble against Liverpool. What is that a question? We're not playing a group game somewhere, we're playing the Champions League final. Kroos continued: "It's really bad. Really bad, really. First you ask three negative questions. You already know that you come from Germany." The former Bayern Munich ace repeatedly shook his head as he engaged in an increasingly heated argument with the reporter. Kroos eventually gave up, putting his hand up to cut the conversation and walked away with Madrid’s press officer. Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti will be without Kroos for the trip to Liverpool on Tuesday. The player has been absent with an abdominal issue recently, and Ancelotti confirmed that Kroos is ill. DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Champions League revenge mission has deep meaning for duoLiverpool owners FSG set for £196m transfer ultimatum vs Real MadridLiverpool 'eye up free deal' for Adrien Rabiot to solve midfield woes "We are doing well. We go into the game at Anfield in good shape and with all the confidence in the world. [Aurelien] Tchouameni had stomach problems. Karim [Benzema] I think will be fine for that game and Kroos is back in training," Ancelotti told reporters after Madrid’s 2-0 win over Osasuna on Saturday. Kroos and Tchouameni have not been selected as part of Madrid’s 23-man squad to travel to Liverpool. It is a major boost for Jurgen Klopp’s side, who have recently overseen an upturn in form and can go into the European clash at Anfield in a confident mood. Liverpool have won their last two Premier League fixtures 2-0, against Everton and Newcastle. It has helped them climb to eighth in the Premier League, and they remain with an outside shot of qualifying for next season’s Champions League.