A passenger on a Virgin Atlantic flight has taken to TikTok to ask if he is in the wrong after he asked a man multiple times if he would swap seats so he could sit next to his wife. The video has 6,000 likes and over 250,000 views as people have taken to the comment section to debate if the passenger went too far. On TikTok, the passenger Jay Kloss said he wanted to rant after a man on his flight refused to swap seats with his wife on her birthday. He said: “I wanted to slap him but I didn’t because I was on a plane and I had to restrain myself.” Jay explained that the pair had booked seats in business class that only had eight seats with no middle seats. Jay would be sitting in an aisle seat while his wife Zoe took a window seat on the same row but on opposite sides of the aisle. The pair had not been able to book two seats together, so Jay assumed that they would be able to sit together if they asked the passenger sitting in the aisle seat, as the person would be in the same seat just on the other side of the aisle. Jay said: “No matter what, me and Zoe are sitting together…wrong! We’re not sitting together.” READ MORE: 'Fit and healthy' mum died after collapsing while teaching class Jay said he and his wife Zoe walked onto the plane and he approached the man in the aisle seat and politely asked him to swap. Jay said he said to the man: “Hey bro, would you mind kindly moving so I can sit with my Mrs, it’s her birthday.” According to Jay, the man initially stared at him and did not respond. Jay explained to the man he could have the same seat on the opposite side of the aisle, but the man continued to not respond until he then refused. The man instead asked if he could have Zoe’s seat at the window, but Jay said his wife is not a great flyer and sits at the window to avoid getting nauseous so she could not swap seats. Jay said: “Cool, that was on us, no worries right? But either way, he’s getting [a seat] in the exact same spot, just on the other side of the aisle but he won’t take that.” Jay then explained he spoke again to the man. He said: “I was like ‘Bro really? You sure you can't just swap seats with us?’ and he just doesn't respond to me and I was ready to literally land into this guy.” Zoe then sat in her assigned seat next to the window next to the man and asked him again to swap sweats. She also asked the man if there was a problem as it was her birthday and she would like to sit next to her partner. According to Jay, the man replied: “Nah, no problem. Just not moving.”  DON'T MISS:Woman loses four stone in just months after 'feeling horrible'  [INSIGHT]Bride 'furious' after mother-in-law wears bridal gown on wedding day [REVEAL]My brother's vegan girlfriend felt discriminated against at my dinner [REPORT] Jay then said: “Like, what the f**k? Am I missing something? Can somebody explain to me what the hell is going on here? It’s the same seat, just on a different side of the aisle. Can somebody tell me what the hell is going wrong here? Like surely I’m not in the wrong, somebody please tell me.” However, the person in the window seat next to Jay offered to switch seats, so the couple were able to sit together with Zoe at a window seat. Jay ended the video by saying he spoke with the man who he initially asked when they got off the plane. He said: “Best believe I told him about it when we got off the plane, I really told him about it.” At the end of the video, Jay asked his followers if he was in the wrong or in the right, and the comments seem to be more sympathetic to the man who refused Jay. One person said: “Unfortunately you cannot make the assumption that someone will switch. They are entitled to their seat. Birthday or no.” Another commenter named Katie said: “I think you asked him too many times. After he said no the first time I would have just asked the guy next to you.” Somebody else wrote: “Yes you were definitely in the wrong champ. Book seats next to each other. I wouldn't have moved.” One other user said: “I once heard someone say ‘your failure to plan is not my emergency’ always stuck with me” while another person wrote: “The fact that you said something to him when you landed says you were probably in the wrong the whole time.”