Arsenal captain Martin Odegaard has committed his long-term future to the club and has warned rivals they can become a force in English football again. The Norwegian believes he will stay with the north Londoners for a sizable chunk of his career. Odegaard initially joined Arsenal on loan from Real Madrid in January 2021. He made the move permanent the following summer and was appointed skipper 12 months later. He has undoubtedly had his best season so far in a Gunners shirt. The midfielder has eight goals and five assists to his name in 19 Premier League appearances. Arsenal sit five points clear at the top of the table but it hasn't always been rosy at the Emirates since he arrived. Odegaard has opened up on those difficulties but insisted the club were always behind Mikel Arteta's project. READ MORE: Leeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as new option  He told The Players' Tribune: "At the end of my first season here in 2020-21, when we finished eighth, it seemed like no one at the club lost faith in what we were doing. Everyone believed in us. It was all part of the plan. "Even last season when things got really tough. Obviously, we took it hard losing out on Champions League qualification when it was in our hands like that, but we learned from that experience." Odegaard knows there is a long way to go for Arsenal to end their 19-year wait for a title. However, he insists those who doubt the potential of the team are wrong to do so and has warned the likes of Manchester City that they will be a force for years to come. The 24-year-old is determined to stick it out for the long haul in north London. Odegaard said: "We came back closer, stronger, hungrier. DON'T MISSTottenham assistant Stellini reveals Conte's heartwarming gesture after returnMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawMan City news LIVE: Haaland 'waffle' slammed, Arsenal doubt, £50m signing eyed  "We’re in the title race now, but there’s a long way to go and, trust me, no one is thinking about May yet. It’s a cliche but we are taking it game by game, training session by training session. One piece at a time. "I will say this, though, if there’s anyone left who still doesn’t fully believe in this team, take it from me: there are no limits on what we can achieve. "No one can tell me otherwise. I’m so proud to be captain of this club and I feel like I’m going to be here a long time."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here