Manchester City looked to have been denied a clear penalty for handball during their 1-1 draw with RB Leipzig in the Champions League. However, a new camera angle has suggested this is not the case. The original footage appeared to show that Benjamin Henrichs stopped a Rodri header with his hand but the new videos show it hit him on the shoulder instead. City went into the match in Germany as hot favourite but were unable to return to Manchester with an advantage in the tie. Riyad Mahrez had initially opened the scoring but Pep Guardiola’s men were unable to hold their lead with Josko Gvardiol levelling the scoring with an excellent header halfway through the second-half. However, there was controversy late on after Henrichs' apparent handball. The decision was not checked by VAR much to the fury of Guardiola, with the BT Sport pundits initially in agreement with the Spaniard. Yet a new camera angle released by UEFA suggests that the referee actually got the decision right. World feed replays initially only showed the incident from the stands, however an angle pitchside appears to show the ball hit Henrichs on the shoulder during the incident, justifying Serdar Gozubuyuk’s call. Speaking on the BT Sport round-up show Champions League tonight, presenter Jake Humphrey introduced the new clip. READ MORE: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment “There was a very contentious moment at the end of the Manchester City Leipzig game this evening and we have been waiting a while but a new angle has just come down to us from Germany,” he explained. “We think that maybe it changes the conversation have a little look at this because the initial conversation we had was that VAR didn't look at this handball. That was the surprising thing. The question now is, is that handball? “We've had to wait but the important thing is we clear it up. That looks like it comes off the shoulder.” DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat Rio Ferdinand was inclined to agree, although did temper his response by suggesting it could have hit Henrich’s elbow. “It looks like a yeah,” he said in response to Humphrey. “Still not perfect angle. We've got to be honest.” The comment earned a light-hearted response from fellow pundit Owen Hargreaves who suggested he would take the Manchester United icon for an eye test after the show. City will hope to overcome Leipzig in the second leg at the Eithad in three weeks time as the Sky Blues look to win the Champions League for the first time ever.