Arsenal fans have had plenty to cheer about of late, and things could get even better in the summer. With Champions League qualification virtually guaranteed and Premier League glory in the crosshairs, the Emirates is set to be an enticing place for some of the world's top players to continue their careers. The January transfer window was all about adding depth to manager Mikel Arteta's squad. Early talks for Mykhaylo Mudryk fell flat when Chelsea swooped in to seal an £88million deal, prompting the Gunners to fork out a fraction of that fee to sign in-form Leandro Trossard instead. A promising centre-back was also signed under the radar as Jakub Kiwior, 22, arrived in north London to add another option with the potential to eventually challenge the starting XI. Recruiting a new midfielder proved trickier than the Gunners had hoped but Arteta talked up the deadline day signing of Jorginho, who cost £12m. With more acquisitions likely to be sought in central midfield, out wide and at right-back in the summer, Express Sport takes you through six players on Arsenal's shortlist... JUST IN: Man Utd new boy Weghorst falls flat but sub pays off in Forest win Midfield: Rice/Caicedo The Gunners' interest in Declan Rice is now common knowledge, and Arteta is believed to have drawn up a plan regarding how he can phase the West Ham captain into his team. A move in January was never considered a realistic possibility but the Hammers are supposedly resigned to losing him in the summer, when they could fetch over £100m. Unlike Rice, a move for Brighton youngster Moises Caicedo was pursued last month, but sporting director Edu backed off when a £70m bid was immediately rejected. The Seagulls came over all territorial during negotiations, so it remains to be seen whether the working relationship has been tarnished to the point that a move for the Ecuadorian is now off limits. If both pursuits end up in failure, Real Sociedad's Martin Zubimendi has a reported £53m release clause and is likely to be a high-quality option under consideration. DON'T MISS...Chelsea ruin chances of signing PSG trio after Hakim Ziyech 'shambles'All 14 players Everton failed to sign on transfer deadline dayArsenal boss Arteta's best XI after January transfer window Winger: Torres/Kvaratskhelia/Hudson-Odoi Although Trossard has been brought in to add depth behind Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli, a fourth dependable wide man is expected to be on Arsenal's radar at the end of the season. Emile Smith Rowe has struggled with injuries of late and Reiss Nelson is out of contract at the end of the season, creating a potential vacancy in Arteta's squad. The Gunners were rumoured to have made inquiries with Barcelona in January for Ferran Torres, who has struggled for regular game time since arriving at the Nou Camp from Manchester City. Reports indicate that Edu and co are also keeping tabs on Napoli's 21-year-old sensation, Kvicha Kvaratskhelia, with the Georgian international sure to fetch a hefty price tag off the back of a stunning debut campaign in Serie A. A slightly less glamorous option is Chelsea outcast Callum Hudson-Odoi. The youngster is currently on loan at Bayer Leverkusen and Arsenal are thought to be monitoring his progress. Right-back: Fresneda Ivan Fresneda only made his La Liga debut in September last year, but he surprisingly developed into one of the protagonists of the January transfer window. The Real Valladolid teenager's agent claims that 30 teams are interested in signing him, and The Telegraph report that Arsenal are among them. The likes of Newcastle and Borussia Dortmund have also been heavily linked, with the player destined for big things after making a serious impression in Spain. Ben White, a centre-back by trade, has played well at on the right under Arteta and Takehiro Tomiyasu represents steady back-up, but the Gunners may wish to pursue a more natural right-back option to add to the squad, particularly one with the kind of potential that Fresneda has shown already.