A woman has left TikTok viewers amazed after she discovered an unlikely kitchen item could replace her diffuser as part of her curly hair routine. After testing the hack, Liz Fox Roseberry, who runs the TikTok account @foxcraftcustom, said: "I can't tell the difference between genius and crazy anymore." In an attempt to diffuse her naturally wavy hair and create perfect curls, Liz put down her usual diffuser and replaced it with a sieve. A diffuser is an attachment which goes on the end of a hairdryer and works by spreading the airstream over a wider area in a more controlled way. Traditional diffusers are usually made of plastic and have multiple prongs to release the hot air over the head. They are often used by those who want to keep their curls or waves with a lot of body but minimal frizz. READ MORE: £6.50 Lidl perfumes 'dupes smell exactly the same' as designer scents However, Liz found that the sieve she usually uses to drain her pasta can create a similar effect when held over her head while she blowdries her hair. In a five-second clip posted on TikTok, Liz can be seen placing the sieve over her head while she leans forwards. She then uses the blow dryer to direct hot air upwards, through the sieve and onto her wet hair. When she removes the sieve from her hair, her natural curls tumble down. Once fully dry, she shows how she styles her hair into a loose, wavey style which fans of the hack have described as "angel curls". DON'T MISS50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [INSIGHT]Five anti-ageing hairstyles women 50+ should have to look younger [EXPLAINER]Hair colours mature women should avoid or risk looking 'washed out' [COMMENT] However, Liz found that the sieve she usually uses to drain her pasta can create a similar effect when held over her head while she blowdries her hair. In a five-second clip posted on TikTok, Liz can be seen placing the sieve over her head while she leans forwards. She then uses the blow dryer to direct hot air upwards, through the sieve and onto her wet hair. When she removes the sieve from her hair, her natural curls tumble down. Once fully dry, she shows how she styles her hair into a loose, wavey style which fans of the hack have described as "angel curls". Liz added text over her video tutorial, stating: "Just learned that my pasta strainer is better at diffusing my waves than my diffuser." Although the hack might be unlikely, it has so far amassed 955.6K "likes" from fellow TikTok users, along with almost 10,000 comments. Maggie O'Donnell said: "I've learned more from TikTok than high school and college combined." Chevy added: "OMG I can tell this is gonna be a game changer." [SIC] Others said they were going to rush out and buy a new sieve immediately just so they could test the hack. Katie said: "Off to buy a pasta strainer." Another anonymous user added: "I always refer to drying my curls as cooking my noodles because this is how I do it." Some users were concerned about whether or not the metal components of the sieve would heat up and damage the hair, but Liz claims this has not happened in her experience. In a comment, Heidi said: "Just remember that's straight metal you're heating up. Use a medium to low heat so you don't scorch your hair." However, Liz replied, saying: "To be honest, [it] doesn't get as hot as you'd think! I mean hairdryers rarely get over 130F (54C) so compared to most tools not bad. [It's] still good to be cautious though!" [SIC]