Injecting new life into your home can be a challenge when on a budget, but interior stylist Gemma Gear shared some cost-effective ways to revamp your home which she learned on her own renovation journey. Gemma Gear is an interior stylist who began sharing her first property renovation project on her blog That's So Gemma and Instagram page @thatssogemma. She and her partner have since moved onto their second property, after reimagining their initial Victorian property into a rainbow haven while "on a limited budget". Over the years, Gemma says she picked up some handy tips and tricks which she hopes to pass on to others looking to spruce up their homes. "Sprucing up a room really doesn’t have to be expensive," she told Express.co.uk. "It’s so easy to get ‘bored’ of a space, especially if you’re sitting in it every day and looking at the same things. I am constantly revamping rooms in my home to give it a fresh look and new lease of life." Even if you can't afford to buy new furniture pieces or redecorate an entire room, there are some small changes which can have a huge impact. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito "The most impactful yet inexpensive way to revamp a room is simply with paint and this doesn’t necessarily mean redecorating an entire room," Gemma explained. "You can get creative with colour blocking a space to create ‘zones’ and even experiment with different colours to create a mural or feature wall. "Tester pots of paint can be purchased for as little as £3 and have a large coverage. Some brands will also supply different finishes for wood and metal too." This was the case in her stairway, which Gemma felt was "dark and enclosed", until some leftover pots of tester paint came to the rescue. "I wanted to add a pop of colour to help lift the space and brighten it up, so I decided to paint the risers of the steps to elevate it all," she explained. Gemma opted for a striped pattern on her stairs and risers in an array of pastel colours to overhaul the space and brighten it up. DON'T MISSFive paint colours to ‘avoid’ that make a house ‘look cheap’ [COMMENT]Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out [VIDEO]Homeowners warned to ‘be careful’ when trying new kitchen trend [INSIGHT] "It was one of those DIYs where you could instantly see the space transform, and it was inexpensive to do too as I used a variety of different tester pots which I had left over from different projects," she explained. Earthy tones, including tinted beige, warm neutrals, greens, and burnt oranges are all predicted to be key colour trends in 2023. "When it comes to colour combinations, opposites attract," said Gemma. "If you’re keen to incorporate some clashing colours, then there’s a tip to finding out which contrasting colours complement one another. "Researching the colour wheel will give you a great indication on what opposite colours pair well together, like blue and orange, purple and yellow." If you're daunted by the prospect of painting your walls, Gemma recommends upcycling which can give new life to tired pieces of furniture. "Painting furniture, shelves or woodwork can instantly help give a room a new identity and keep the space feeling fresh," she said. Further colour and character can be added with accessories. "My simple answer is to switch things up," she said. "Experiment with moving accessories, rugs, art or cushions into different rooms in your home. Rummage around in the loft, dig out things from cupboards and see if there’s anything you already have that could either be upcycled or repurposed. You may well already own the answers to giving a room a refreshing new look."