Three teenagers have been stabbed with a fourth male arrested on suspicion of affray. Police were called to reports of the stabbing in South Street, Romford, at 5.38pm on Monday.  The boys, who are aged 15, 16 and 17, were found with stab wounds, according to London's Metropolitan Police. A spokesman for the force said they were taken to hospital and the police are waiting for an update on their conditions. The fourth male was arrested at the scene on suspicion of affray and has been taken into custody, the Met added. A Section 60 stop and search order has been authorised as a result of what happened. It will stay in place until 3am on Tuesday and gives officers extra powers to prevent more violence in the area. Enquiries are ongoing and a crime scene is still in place. Images shared online show a whole section of road cordoned off and a number of police vehicles. Any witnesses should call 101 quoting CAD 5355/27Feb. To remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.   The capital's latest stabbings come after a report by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the number of people killed with a knife in England and Wales in 2021/22 was the highest on record for 76 years. The ONS said the recent increase was driven by an 18 percent rise in the number of male victims, from 184 to 218, in year to March 2022. Teenage boys aged 16 to 17, made up the largest volume increase, rising from 10 homicides to 24. Earlier this month, Patrick Green, Chief Executive of anti-knife crime charity the Ben Kinsella Trust, cited the effects of the Covid pandemic as a reason for knife crime rising faster amongst teenagers than any other age group.  Mr Green has said: "As we emerged from Covid restrictions and those restrictions were lifted, we were seeing more evidence of young people made more vulnerable by Covid. "Gangs are particularly good at picking up on vulnerabilities, are quick to pick them up and indeed lure young people and exploit them in criminal acts. "We think there could be a link there." Mr Green highlighted data from the ONS report showing knives or sharp objects were used in 75 percent of teenage murders compared with 40 percent in adults. 