Dark’s Lisa Vicari has stepped away from Netflix for a major new role in Sky’s upcoming spaghetti western drama, Django. During an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress spoke about achieving a career milestone as she prepared for the role.   The upcoming series is loosely based on the 1960s Sergio Corbucci’s cult classic film, Django. Set in the late 1800s, the story follows the titular character (played by Matthias Schoenaerts) as he sets off in search for a daughter he thought he lost. Throughout his journey, Django stumbles upon a new town named New Babylon which prides itself on welcoming outcasts. The town is founded by John Ellis (Nicholas Pinnock) who welcomes all, disregarding their background. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation   John Ellis is also set to marry Sarah (Lisa Vicari), who despite their love for each other remains apprehensive about marrying into the family. As Django is set in a makeshift town during the late 1800s, the townspeople travelled by horse. This was a major career first for actress Lisa who told Express.co.uk horse-riding was one of the many skills she learned. She revealed: “I learned how to ride a horse I wasn't able to before, I didn’t know how to.     “I practised my accent that was a huge part to work on for Sarah since it was my first character that I played not in German and that was a challenge itself.” The actress continued: “Horse-riding was a huge part and it was actually so great to have a character where I needed to learn so much to get into it. “It helps just to be in that space,” adding: “To learn how to shoot an old gun. “Even the language part, to the horse-riding, it just all adds to building this character and that was actually such a great privilege to take all these memories from the training to the set.” DON'T MISS...Outlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storyline [REACTION] Sidney Poitier’s blunt advice to Quentin Tarantino - 'Man up!' [INSIGHT] Jamie Foxx, 54, on his diet of choice - says fasting is 'worst' [INSIGHT]   As jaded cowboy Django stumbles into Babylon, he discovers Sarah is his long-lost daughter, alive and well. While he was thrilled to find her and pick up where they left off, Sarah was not receptive. She hated Django and blamed him for the death of their entire family who were massacred many years ago while he was at war. While she wants Django to leave Babylon, he refuses and does everything in his power to rebuild their relationship.    He also tries to form a personal connection with John who needs a brave ally to fight against his enemy Elizabeth Thurman (Noomi Rapace). After a series of attacks, they must protect the town, but unbeknownst to anyone a web of dark secrets will bubble to the surface. Through a series of flashbacks, fans will also gain insight into Sarah's upbringing and the bond she once had with Django. Nevertheless, viewers will have to stay tuned to see if she will give her father a second chance.  Django premieres on Sky on Wednesday, March 1