Michael Douglas, 78, was born in Hollywood royalty to his acting legend father Kirk Douglas and actress Diana Douglas. The actor has marked the third anniversary of his dad's death by visiting his grave, which he shared with his late wife Anne Buydens, who died in 2021. Michael shared his heartache over missing his late family members on Instagram in view of his 1.1 million followers, as he focused in on the grave before the camera zoomed out to show the Basic Instinct star sitting on a bench. He said: "What an extraordinary couple they were. I miss them both so much. This month marks the 3rd anniversary of Dad’s passing in 2020. "I want to let everybody know about the incredible archive collection that we put together on Dad’s career, his life, and his philanthropy, the incredible love affair between the two of them. "If you have an interest or want to be reminded, please go to The Douglas Foundation website and you can find a way to look at the archives, which is a tremendous memory of what an extraordinary couple they were and how much they accomplished. READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December "I guess most importantly, how much they gave to other people!" He added in the Instagram post caption: "Thank you to @ardonbarhama for your hard work and efforts in putting together the Archive. Please click the link in my Instagram bio to access and check out The Douglas Archive. Thank you! Michael." Michael's wife, Catherine Zeta-Jones commented: "Amazing, in every way." Social media users also rushed to the comments section to praise the Fatal Attraction star's kind words for his late stepmother and father. Spursbram said: "Legends all of you! A family with so much talent when you mention that any of your films are on TV, instantly going to watch them! Between you, not one bad movie! God bless you!" Thejasonbyrne added: "Loved your dad, always sat with my late father paddy n watched his movies. The stunts he performed would just not be allowed today. A true legend in life." Michael's father Kirk was a hugely successful actor in his own right, becoming an international star after his role as a boxing hero in 1949's Champion. He was married to Michael's mother Diana Dill from 1943 to 1951, with the couple having two sons together: Michael, and his producer brother Joel Douglas. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Simon Cowell, 63, shows off incredible weight loss in baggy jeans [PICS] Love Island’s sexiest heart rate challenges performances of all time [ITV]  Michael's mother Diana died in 2015 at the age of 92 from an undisclosed form of cancer. Kirk went on to marry producer Anne Buydens whom he met on the set of Act Of Love, with the couple marrying in 1954. In 2014, they celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary at the Greystone Mansion in Beverly Hills. They had two sons, Peter, a producer, and Eric, an actor who died on July 6, 2004, from an overdose of alcohol and drugs at the age of 46. Kirk died at home in California surrounded by his family in 2020, at the age of 103, with his cause of death being kept private. On April 29, 2021, his wife Anne died at the age of 102 and was buried next to him and their son Eric. At the time of his death, Michael shared kind words for his "legend" of a dad, "whose commitment to justice and the causes he believed in setting a standard for all of us to aspire to". He concluded the statement: "Let me end with the words I told him on his last birthday and which will always remain true. Dad - I love you so much and I am so proud to be your son."