Aries (Mar21/Apr20) An ex will be in touch wanting to make a fresh start with you. This is because they are feeling alone and they’re slightly resentful of how well you have done since you split up. Take care of your health just like you urge others you are close to, to take care of themselves. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You’re finding any excuse in the book to avoid making a decision regarding a joint matter. This is something you have been putting off for a while and this means you have given it plenty of thought. Gemini (May22/June21) You and a close friend are growing apart. Your needs and interests are different now and you are starting to feel bored repeating activities you once enjoyed together. If you decide it is time to move on, make sure you explain this in as nice a way as possible. Cancer (June22/July23) You need to feed your mind. No matter what your age, you are never too old to learn something new. Experimenting with new interests and activities will put you in touch with skills you never knew you had. If this means unlearning an old way of being, so be it. Leo (July24/Aug23) Something is brewing and you can sense this. What this will lead to is a choice you have to make between your head and your heart. Take your time to make this decision and be sure to consider both sides carefully. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) It will be upsetting to discover a close friend or relative has been having a tough time without receiving any support. Had you known what they were up against, you would have been there for them.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Are you single? It might be a good idea to create the life you want for yourself before adding another person to it. It will be necessary to go through all the paperwork and read contracts carefully before agreeing on an important business deal. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A task you are now tackling will turn out to be far more difficult than expected. You have been deliberately misled about what needs to be done. Had you been told the full picture you would never have accepted the job. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) You have high hopes of achieving a special aim. Your enthusiasm continues to be high but if you burn the candle at both ends, this could have an adverse effect on your health. Accept the need to lower your sights. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You aren’t sure where you stand with someone. This is making you feel as if you are in limbo. On thinking about it, you may have given more to this relationship than you have received. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) At times it might feel as if something is missing in your life. There have been disappointments but don’t dwell too long on these. Don’t feel as if you are stuck in a rut and there is nothing you can do about it.