Speedboat driver Michael Lawrence has been acquitted of manslaughter charges following the death of 15-year-old Emily Lewis in 2020. He was found not guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence at Winchester Crown Court today after a crash with a buoy killed a teenage passenger. Lewis was cleared of the charge at Winchester Crown Court today, but found guilty of failing to maintain a proper lookout and failing to maintain a safe speed on Southampton Water. The pilot was prosecuted alongside Michael Howley, 52, the owner of boat operators Seadogz, who was charged with not operating the boat safely. Jurors have not yet delivered a verdict on Mr Howley. Prosecutor Christine Agnew KC told jurors that Ms Lewis' parents Simon and Nikki decided to take their daughters Emily and her sister Amy, 18, for a "high thrills" speedboat ride. She said they boarded a Stormforce 950 Rigid Inflatable Boat (RIB) and reached speeds of 47.8 knots (55mph). This exceeded an expired 40 knot (46mph) speed limit Ms Agnew said both defendants believed was still in place. During the trip, which took place in "perfect conditions", the court heard the RIB crossed the wake of the Red Falcon ferry five times. Jurors heard the boat then headed towards the North West Netley buoy, which stuck 4.69m above the water line, at 36.6 knots (42.11mph) for 14 seconds before hitting it. The two passengers were thrown into the water, and several others were injured. Ms Lewis was crushed against the metal handle in front of her, which inflicted severe internal injuries. She died after doctors said she had suffered oxygen starvation to the brain and her injuries were "unsurvivable", leading her family to switch off her life support. Ms Agnew said Lawrence initially claimed a face mask that blew into his face had blocked his vision, but added he later changed this account. Lawremce, who was once employed as a lifeboatman, told the trial he had lost his vision momentarily before his boat hit the buoy. The court heard that a medical cause such as a blood clot in an artery in his eye was unlikely to have caused vision loss as it was unlikely to have affected both eyes at once. Lawrence was described in court as an "extremely experienced mariner", with his co-defendant describing him as "Mr Safe and Mr Cautious". Howley, another former lifeboatman, said he used his rescue experience to inform the risk assessments he carried out for his business to ensure passenger and staff safety.