A UK airport has directed flights to take a different route in a bit to reduce the amount of noise local residents face. Bosses at the airport said this was part of their goal of "contributing to making where we live a better place." Residents living close to Gloucestershire Airport and those who live under the previous flight paths of aircraft leaving the airport, should find their days more peaceful and their nights more restful, Gloucestershire Live reports. Pilots will now be diverted around sound-sensitive residential areas around the airport. These include Down Hatherley to the airport's northwest, Barnwood to the southeast, and the Uckington area to the northeast. These flights will instead make a course correction while gaining altitude to avoid disturbing people on the ground, which is part of Gloucestershire Airport's dryly-named noise abatement departure procedures (NADPs). These have sectioned off built-up residential areas from potential flight paths, requiring pilots to make a turn before flying over the settlement, with planes now heading over Brockhampton Golf Course, rather than Down Hatherley. Harry Harrad, head of operations at the airport, said: "We want to make Gloucestershire Airport more than just an airport. We want the airport to play a central role in driving growth throughout the region, indirectly creating jobs and generally contributing to making where we live a better place.  "NADPs are really important. They’re used where there are noise-sensitive areas close to an airport and have the aim of minimising disruption to local communities as far as possible. "Our new procedures involve a 30-degree shift in the recommended flight path from our main runway with aircraft directed to fly over the Brickhampton Golf Complex and avoid the residential areas of Highgrove Estate and Down Hatherley.  "We’ve communicated these updates to the operators and pilots that use the airport to make sure they understand and abide by these procedures. Bearing in mind of course that sometimes it’s necessary for aircraft to deviate from this recommended flight path for safety reasons." The airport is typically operational Monday to Friday, from 8.30am to 7.30pm, though flights can sometimes still take off and land outside of these hours, with the upper limit usually being within two hours of closing time. If you are concerned about noise pollution from planes taking off, the airport encourages you to get in touch with details of the aircraft, including video or photographs to help the airport identify which aircraft was involved.