Aston Martin have confirmed that driver Lance Stroll will miss pre-season testing in Bahrain after suffering an injury during a "minor" bicycle crash while training in Spain. He is expecting to recover quickly in time for the start of the season, but will not be involved this week at testing. An Aston Martin statement confirmed that Stroll sustained injuries "which will result in him sitting out the pre-season test in Bahrain", though they added that he is "expecting a quick recovery and return to driving duties" after the three-day session that begins on Thursday. The statement added: "His fitness to return to the cockpit will be assessed daily and the team will issue an update ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix. The team wishes Lance a speedy recovery and looks forward to his usual energy and commitment within the team." Stroll said: "I've had an unfortunate accident whilst training on my bike in preparation for the season. I am determined to get back in the car and I am excited about the season ahead with the team. I am motivated to bounce back from this setback as quickly as possible." READ MORE: Karun Chandhok joke as footage appears to show Lewis Hamilton problem No decision has yet been made on whether Aston Martin will use one of their reserve drivers later this week in Stroll's absence, as ex-McLaren driver Stoffel Vandoorne is currently in South Africa for the Cape Town E-Prix Formula E race. Felipe Drugovich may be tasked with helping to test the car as Stroll recovers from the injuries he sustained in Spain or team-mate Fernando Alonso could complete the full test, while an update on Stroll will be provided prior to the Bahrain Grand Prix which begins on March 3 and his fitness will be assessed daily by the team. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's contract situation clearer after Mercedes statements [INSIGHT]Chandhok gives two reasons Red Bull have 'made themselves unpopular' [COMMENT]FIA cave to Lewis Hamilton on protest ban but sanctions still possible [ANALYSIS]  The injury is a setback for Stroll, who Alonso has tipped for a big year ahead after finishing 15th in last season's standings. “In Lance, the team has a driver who is super young, super talented and has the possibility to be World Champion," Alonso said. "To see him achieve that and have played a part in that, whether that's behind the wheel or not, will be special for me. He has the speed, and he has the talent. He has shown it many times, especially in wet conditions. I remember Lance's pole position in Turkey and some of his other excellent performances in the wet. “To perform at that level in difficult conditions you have to have a special feeling with the car. I will use all my experience and all my knowledge to help the team shortcut the time that is needed to become world champions." 