  More than 400,000 are without power across the state - one of several under siege by cold weather in the south. Meteorologist Reed Timmer posted highway footage of the truck sliding down a hill in Fort Worth, a city of just under one million in northern Texas. The video starts with the truck's tires spinning out as the driver attempts to move forward, but conditions make friction impossible as the vehicle begins moving to slide.    Greg Abbott, Republican Texas Governor, urged people not to drive due to the deadly conditions. The deaths include a triple fatality on Tuesday near Brownfield, around 40 miles southwest of Lubbock, where a vehicle carrying four passengers lost traction while travelling east on Highway 380 and started to skid, authorities said. The vehicle crossed the median into the westbound lane and rolled into a ditch with the fourth passenger left injured. As of Thursday morning, slick spots were still reported around Dallas, but conditions are set to improve later. READ MORE: McCarthy doing 'great job' representing GOP in debt talks    According to AccuWeather meteorologists, this latest storm has shifted east as of Thursday morning. Freezing rain and sleet were falling across southern Arkansas and northeastern Texas, but rising temperatures and drier air are expected to bring the event to an end by Thursday afternoon. And, as of 2.55pm GMT, Texas saw 412,386 customers without power, according to poweroutage.us. Milam currently suffers the most power outages, with 58.51 percent of its customers without electricity. DON'T MISSKamala Harris says Tyre Nichols died at 'hands and feet' of policeMigrant standoff turns 'aggressive' as hotel set to become shelterTrump says he will end Ukraine war 'within 24 hours' if he's President  Other southern states have been battered by the ice storm, with freezing rains in Oklahoma and Arkansas. In Arkansas, authorities cited the winter weather as a factor in a fatal crash in Benton County. A spokesperson for the Benton County Sheriff's Office stated a flatbed truck that was hauling equipment lost control and flipped on a road east of Avoca, Arkansas, killing the driver.   