There is a never-ending debate surrounding electric cars and whether they are cheaper to run than petrol or diesel cars. However, according to one expert, electric vehicles could be an "investment" in the long term and are still "cheaper to run". Dorry Potter, expert at National Scrap Car, told Express.co.uk: "Of course, EVs have a lot more upfront cost when it comes to purchasing than petrol and diesel and this is one of the main reasons drivers are unwilling to make the switch. "However, EVs are an investment, and if you're thinking long-term, then you’ll reap the benefits of purchasing and driving an electric car. "EVs are a lot cheaper to run, which potentially adds up to large savings over time. "Electricity, even as it rises, is cheaper than petrol and diesel and a lot of public charging spots are often free to use such as, for example, 7kW and 22kW chargers at Tesco supermarkets are free to use. READ MORE: Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage "Some energy providers now offer EV-focused tariffs that can cut costs even further. "These are usually dual-rate, where electricity is cheapest overnight when your EV is charging, or single-rate - i.e. the same rate is paid throughout the day, but discounted if you own an EV." Ms Potter continued: "On top of this, because EVs emit no CO2, you’ve also got the additional saving of not having to pay road tax for brand new models if it has a list price of less than £40,000." The expert added that there are also other smaller benefits such as being able to drive in low-emission zones that are becoming more common throughout UK cities as well as avoiding the London Congestion Charge. DON'T MISS 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Drivers encouraged to use a 'magic' one-button tip to defrost car [REVEAL] EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' [WARNING] Ms Potter stressed that in some cities EV vehicles can even use the bus lanes. She continued: "Back when EVs were first introduced, insurance costs were more than those of diesel and petrol vehicles, but as EVs become more and more popular, insurance is starting to change and become more affordable. "When it comes to car maintenance, EVs have fewer moving parts than a petrol or diesel vehicle and are therefore cheaper to maintain and repair. "EV batteries also have long warranties – usually eight years – which tends to be more than the warranty for the car itself." READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling The news comes after the second AA EV Recharge Report for December showed that slow electric car charging rates have dropped by 17 p/kWh compared to November. Despite this, some providers have changed their business model by introducing peak and off-peak rates to help manage demand. This switch will also ensure power can be provided throughout the day, and prevent people from staying plugged in longer than they need to. By introducing separate rates for different times of the day, EV drivers need to check what they will be charged as peak rates can be more expensive than ultra-rapid charging.  At the same time, operators run their peak times differently, so drivers should check what rate is applied before plugging in. The AA analysed 13 chargepoint providers accounting for more than 7,000 charging stations around the UK. When refuelling at a public slow charging unit during peak hours, in December it cost 73p per kilowatt hour to charge. At a speed of just 7kW, it costs on average £28.80 to charge 80 percent of the full battery. Based on this price, it will cost 16.18p per mile to drive, which is more than the average rate of 14.45p per mile for a petrol car. In comparison, it is 80p cheaper to charge to 80 percent using an ultra-rapid charger, despite it being more than 14 times faster.