Amber Portwood has reportedly left Teen Mom having appeared in the spin-off series for all four seasons so far. She first gained attention when she was cast in 16 and Pregnant in 2009, an MTV series which follows the lives of teenage mothers in the USA. Insider sources have claimed she is already planning her next career move away from the small screen. The TV personality was confirmed to have left the franchise this week, with more details to follow. Portwood, 32, has been in the reality show business for nearly a decade and a half and has become one of the most recognisable faces for Teen Mom fans. An insider source has now claimed: “Amber is officially leaving Teen Mom. “This was her own decision. She was not fired,” they added. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future A source close to Portwood has also said she will be making a more official announcement herself over the next few days. This follows a tough year for the TV star, who lost custody of her son James to ex-partner Andrew Glennon. Glennon and the toddler have since made a move to California, a long stretch from his ex’s native Indiana. MTV is also yet to make an official announcement, but sources have claimed Portwood had been telling friends about her plans to quit last month. They reported to the US Sun: “Amber has told people she is absolutely out at the show, that she already quit and gave notice to MTV.” The source revealed Portwood has yet to confirm any official plans about her next career moves. However, she is apparently considering venturing into the real estate game. In one of her most recent TV appearances, Portwood opened up about the challenges of losing custody over James last July. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us fans ‘in tears’ from Pedro Pascal’s Mario skit [REACTION]Law and Order SVU delayed by schedule shake-up [LATEST]Lockwood and Co star recalls ‘challenging’ first week of filming [EXCLUSIVE] Her son and ex currently reside in Andrew’s mother’s $5 million estate in Malibu, over 2,000 miles away from Portwood’s home. Last month, she checked in with viewers after part two of Teen Mom: The Next Chapter reunion special went over the challenging custody battle. Host and specialist Dr Drew Pinsky asked her: “So what are your thoughts as you watch that?” Portwood was apparently disinterested, and replied: “Uhh, just ready to not be here.” “You're ready to not be here? What do you mean?” the presenter replied. “Don't want to deal with that right now,” she said, to which Dr Drew pressed further. Portwood then admitted: “All of that. All of it. All of it was horrible.” While she will no longer play a part in MTV’s popular reality series, fans can expect to hear more from her side of the story over the next week or so. Express.co.uk has reached out to MTV for comment. Teen Mom is available to watch on MTV in the USA and My5 in the UK.