Detectives investigating the murder of a woman in Stoke-on-Trent have charged a man with murder. Georgian Constantin, 42, was arrested in London following a five-day national search for the investigation's main suspect.   His arrest follows the death of Valentina Cozma, 40, who tragically died at her home in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, at around 3pm on February 9. A statement by Stafforshire police stated: “ Georgian Constantin, 42, of Stoke-on-Trent, is due to appear in court over the death of his ex-wife Valentina Cozma at her home in Stoke. “He is also accused of making threats to kill.” Mum-of-one Valentina, aged 40, tragically died following a blaze at her home on Campbell Road at around 3pm on Thursday, February 9.   A post mortem revealed her provisional cause of death as "inhalation of products of combustion", following the house blaze. On Wednesday, Staffordshire Police shared that they had arrested Constantin, of Stoke, 150 miles away at a London address. Constantin is due to appear before a magistrate at the North Staffordshire Justice Centre on February 16. Detective Inspector Adrian Webb, from the force's Major and Organised Crime department, said: “We are grateful for the community's support during this investigation.  “Enquiries into Valentina's tragic death continue and we remain keen to speak to witnesses who may have relevant information or material which could support the investigation, such as CCTV or dash cam footage. “My thoughts remain with Valentina's loved ones, in particular her young son, at this deeply traumatic time.' Forensic investigations are taking place at the scene of Valentina's murder and enquiries are still ongoing. Local officers are also continuing with reassurance patrols in the area.  Stoke Commander, Chief Superintendent Colin Mattinson, said previously: “I know the local community are in shock that someone within their community has died in such awful circumstances. “We know she was a quiet woman who was well liked among her neighbours having lived in the area for some years. “We take a firm stance against violence against women and domestic abuse." Valentina's heartbroken family previously paid an emotional tribute in a statement issued via police. 