Kate, the Princess of Wales has been quietly supporting Prince William as the Royal Family's feud with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle continued. Sources close to the Princess of Wales have insisted she is "no shrinking violet" and has focussed her energies on carrying on with her royal duties. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have repeatedly questioned Kate and William's conduct towards them, mocking the couple for staying formal behind closed doors and even accusing the Princess of refusing to hug Meghan. But royal insiders have insisted Kate has been ignoring the claims and working on establishing herself in her new role. One source said: "She is a tough woman. It is wonderful that William has Kate by his side to rely on, as she is a real stalwart through this." A friend of the Princess of Wales told PEOPLE: "So much has been said that at this stage, I think they just want to move on. "The whole situation is very sad, but it's business as usual, and she's getting on with the job because that's what she does." JUST IN: Meghan Markle will have 'perfect excuse' for Coronation no-show, claims expert While the family has remained silent about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's allegations, Kate did appear to take a subtle dig at the couple in response to their claims she was "not a hugger." During her first official visit to Cornwall as the new Duchess of Cornwall, Kate was spotted sharing embraces with her hosts as well as one of her former teachers.  She also appeared to ridicule Kate and William for their informality as she expressed her surprise at learning the couple maintained their composure when out of the public eye as well. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'won't have ceremonial role in King's Coronation' as he's not working royal Meghan said: "Even when Will and Kate came over, and I met her for the first time, they came over for dinner, I remember I was in ripped jeans and I was barefoot. "Like I was a hugger, I've always been a hugger. I didn't realize that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits. I guess I started to understand really quickly that the formality on the outside carried through on the inside." Friends of the Princess of Wales had previously dismissed the comment, saying Kate routinely greeted friends and acquaintances with a hug. Her friend said: "She is warm and friendly and greets everyone with a big hug and kiss. It comes naturally to her to be like that." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] Indeed Kate was previously seen hugging members of the public when greeting them during official outings – albeit her attention is most famously stolen when children are present. In October, she shared a special moment with a premature baby during a visit to the Royal Surrey County Hospital's maternity unit. And this week Kate doted, waved and smiled at a young fan welcoming her to Falmouth, Cornwall during her visit with Prince William. The Princess of Wales last year admitted to feeling "broody" when meeting with mothers with young babies but later confirmed the family is not seeking to expand further. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews