A prison officer has been denied his dream job with a police force - after being convicted of assaulting a inmate at a jail whom he believed had a weapon. David Revell, 28, thought the prisoner serving a significant - who a court heard who was not "some kind of angel" - was going to stab him. The judge was told Revell attacked the lag, kicking, punching and kneeing him, actions a jury deemed mounted to assault causing actual bodily harm.  Revell was spared jail but will no longer be able to join the police force, reports HullLive. The man was given a nine-month suspended prison sentence, 150 hours' unpaid work and a three-month 8pm to 7am curfew. He would be "confined to barracks" and on "home detention" during the curfew, said the judge at Hull Crown Court. Recorder David Gordon said the assault was, for whatever reason, a "completely unprovoked attack on a prisoner in your charge" but it was not suggested that the inmate was "some kind of angel" because he was currently serving a significant prison sentence that was not his first. "The jury had little trouble in convicting you and returned a verdict of guilty in quick time. At the time, you were a prison officer at HMP Hull and you had been employed there for a significant period of time. You had received training in restraint and control and you were no doubt used to prisoners who were not always cooperative and, indeed, were no doubt, often times, abusive and even aggressive. This is the lot of the prison officer. "Your actions were impulsive. They were entirely unjustified and wholly misguided. You were a prison officer with responsibility for the welfare of prisoners. It was an abuse of your position of trust. "You have lived a creditable life and you have had a very difficult upbringing and you have come out of that a decent person." It was a "nasty" incident and Revell acted entirely out of character, the judge added. He continued: "You have lost your employment and you have lost the prospect of joining the police force, which certainly had been your intention up until this incident and these criminal proceedings. You will have to find other employment. I am confident that you will. You do not pose a serious risk of danger to the public."  "There was some misunderstanding between you and him in regard to his medication. There was some kind of stand-off and it may well be that he had become upset."    Damning CCTV pictures from inside the prison showed the attack that came to an end only when other staff intervened. Revell, from Hull, denied assaulting the prisoner, causing actual bodily harm, on May 18 but the graduate was convicted by a jury after a trial, following deliberations of two hours and five minutes. Rachel Scott, prosecuting, told the earlier trial that Revell had been trained in the technique of "detect, defuse and defend" as the way for prison officers to deal with potential problems from inmates. Revell agreed that he had been trained in this approach but Miss Scott told him that this "does not give you a free pass to go round attacking prisoners". Revell claimed that he was acting in accordance with his training. The day before the assault, the prisoner had been in a single cell. "He asked me to go down for his medication," said Revell. "I didn't laugh at him. I was smiling. When he got aggressive, I smiled. I opened his door. Then I closed the door when he picked up a chair and he was screaming and shouting, making threats."   Revell had claimed in an earlier defence statement that the prisoner had threatened to lose Revell his job if he did not get the man's medication for him. "He carried on making threats," claimed Revell. "It happens every day and generally it's medication." Revell claimed that he could not "form a tight fist" properly because of surgery that he had recently been through before the time of the assault. Miss Scott claimed that, the next day after the medication incident, Revell was "pummelling" the prisoner with punches in an unprovoked attack after he walked towards the man in an open walkway area inside the prison. Revell claimed: "He said something towards me. It looked like he was going to spit but, in actual fact, he was making a threat. It's the threat that was my concern." The prisoner was shown on CCTV with his hand in his waistband. Revell claimed that the man said: "What are you f***ing staring at? I'll knock you out." Revell headbutted the prisoner in the face. He claimed: "It was a heat of the moment split-second decision. You have got to instinctively react. He made a direct threat to me. I believe that the words that he said was aggressive."  He admitted that the headbutt was "10 out of 10" for force and that it made the prisoner go back. "Then I pushed him a little with my left hand," said Revell. "It was intended to try to incapacitate him to try to stop him brandishing a weapon. I was trying to knock him backwards so that I could then grab him and get him down. I was intending to try to stop myself from getting an injury. I didn't know he didn't have a weapon." Miss Scott said that the prisoner was "cowering away" from Revell because of his aggression and said that it was an unprovoked attack. Revell punched the prisoner five times. He claimed: "A lot of them missed or didn't connect." Miss Scott said that Revell kicked the prisoner four times. Revell claimed: "I was trying to get him to the ground. If he's in an aggressive state, he's a threat, not just to myself but other people." Miss Scott said that Revell "continued after him" and punched and kneed him. "You have backed him into a corner with his back against a wall, " said Miss Scott. Revell claimed: "I tried to punch his shoulder to get his arm. He was not complying so I punched him to try to get his arm so he didn't react. I have kneed him."  Miss Scott told him: "You weren't in any danger at all. You were in full control. You knew fine well that he didn't have a weapon. You have concocted that after the event." The prisoner suffered a black eye, said Miss Scott. Revell replied: "There is no evidence recorded about his black eye." The court heard that Revell admitted headbutting and swinging punches at the prisoner but claimed that he was acting in lawful self-defence. Revell, a former student at the University of Hull, had no previous convictions and his fiancée said in a statement that he had taken part in a selection process to join the police even after this incident but it had not resulted in a final offer, the court heard. She described him as "kind and even natured" and added: "Dean is the most kind and honest person I have ever met."  Ismael Uddin, mitigating, said: "He has not only lost his career as a prison officer but he has lost his career as a police officer." Revell had previously started the process of trying to join the police but it came to an end. "It can't be said that this was a prolonged assault," said Mr Uddin. The incident lasted only 42 seconds. "I ask you, for the sake of 42 seconds, not to send him into custody," said Mr Uddin. Revell hoped that the judge would be "merciful" to him and would "step back from immediate custody". He had a psychology degree and it was open to him to work in that area. He and his fiancée were due to marry in June. There were numerous references for him. 