People are already trying to exploit the death of Nicola Bulley, with several books appearing online detailing the search and death of the mum-of-two. Ms Bulley's body was found last Sunday among reeds in the River Wyre more than three weeks after she vanished while out walking her dog. The hunt for the 45-year-old was already marked by invasive amateur sleuths sharing theories about what happened on social media platforms like TikTok. Leader of Wyre Council, Councillor Michael Vincent, spotted the macabre books being advertised online and immediately hit out at the profiteering ghouls. He branded the rapidly published set of books as "nothing short of disgusting," adding that whoever wrote the books was "capitalising on her death". Following her tragic death, three books have been published on Amazon Kindle claiming to tell the "untold truth" about what happened to Nicola. One book still being advertised - at online book store Barnes & Noble and Amazon - is titled "Nicola Bulley: The Untold Truth Behind Her Death", by Mark J. Donald. JUST IN: Police swarm to Birmingham street over shooting  Councillor Vincent said: "This is nothing short of disgusting, that someone is seeking to capitalise on her sad death and the searches that were carried out, in an attempt to make money from it all. "I would call on every right-minded person not to enable this by downloading any of them and validating this sort of behaviour. "Whatever people do, please do not buy it, don’t download it." Instead, the public is being urged to donate to a GoFundMe campaign, which has already raised nearly £30,000 for her family.  Andy Lawson - a work colleague of Ms Bulley's partner of 12 years Paul Ansell, 44 - launched the donation page to raise at least £5,000 for the couple's daughters, aged six and nine. The fund has since soared to over £29,000 due to an outpouring of sympathy for the tragic mortgage adviser's grief-stricken family. Mr Lawson and the other organisers wrote in response to the donations: "We are so grateful for all of the support the fundraiser has received thus far. "Nikki was the most amazing person and has clearly impacted so many people. We are increasing the goal so that we can help the girls and Paul as much as possible. Thank you all again." DON'T MISS: BBC News sparks backlash over 'tawdry' Nicola Bulley coverage [REACTION]New maps show wall of snow covering length of UK [FORECAST]Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan returning to UK [POLL]  Ms Bulley disappeared on January 27 in St Michael's-on-Wyre, Lancashire, after logging onto a work call and leaving her phone on a bench near her dog Willow. The full inquest into Ms Bulley’s death is likely to take place in June, when a coroner will seek to determine how she died. Meanwhile, the police's handling of the disappearance is to be the subject of an independent review, according to Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner. Andrew Snowden said Lancashire Police had "done their utmost" but "the narrative has been lost at times". 