Anton Du Beke, 56, has revealed how despite his “boyish charm” he has never strayed from his wife Hannah Summers while working on Strictly Come Dancing. Over the years, the dance competition has become just as talked about for its sizzling romances as its calibre of talent.  Many celebrities who have performed on the show have gone on to date one of the professional dancers, as recently seen with stars including Stacey Dooley and Gemma Atkinson. The so-called Strictly "curse" describes celebrities ending relationships with current partners and finding love with their professional dance partners during or after the BBC show. However, one person who has never mixed business with pleasure is the show’s legendary dancer-turned-judge Anton. He married his wife Hannah in 2017 and has been the perfect doting husband ever since. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais fears work will be changed to suit the woke after death Addressing whether his spouse has any concerns over the Strictly curse, Anton joked in a new interview: "Well, I am devilishly handsome with a certain boyish charm. “But no. Don't forget she is the perfect woman. The perfect person, in fact." "She is fun, clever, kind, supportive and I consider it the greatest achievement of my life getting her to marry me,” he added to The Times. The couple first met in 2012 when they separately attended a charity dinner at Wentworth Golf Club in Surrey. Hannah arrived with another man and Anton was with his friends, cricketer Phil Tufnell and Tony Hadley, formerly the singer with Spandau Ballet. Anton insists that his busy career has left him not having “time for all this sex” as he stayed “focused on his path”. The star is also father to twins Henrietta and George, six. Anton's wife Hannah Summers gave birth aged 41 via IVF - and now a thrilled Anton admits that his children would love to follow in his footsteps and become dancers themselves one day. DONT MISS:Helen George shares when she'll know the time to quit Call The Midwife (PHOTOS)Lucy Alexander addresses show with Ruth Langsford after BBC exit (NEWS)James Martin 'put off weddings for life' as host sacrificed family (LATEST) "We had the greatest fortune," he marvelled as he thanked his "lucky stars" that Hannah had been able to get pregnant as a mature mum. He now regards his kids as his "greatest joy" and says that, no matter what career path they choose to follow when they grow up, he'll be supporting them every step of the way. "[Having children] has been the best thing that ever happened in my life... the most incredible thing in the world," he told The Mirror. Despite being just six years old, his little daughter Henrietta likes to put her own scores up when she watches Strictly. Meanwhile, an excitable George will run to his father and ask him if he's won a medal, after he successfully beat off competition from Mo Gilligan, David Walliams and RuPaul to claim an NTA for his judging skills. Henrietta has even taken to giving him good luck charms - a sweet gesture that he hopes will "never change". Meanwhile, Anton has admitted his London Palladium show represents the fulfilment of another long-held ambition for him. It is the location where his idol Bruce Forsyth first began his career - and encountering the late Strictly host is the "only" time Anton has ever been "starstruck", so following in his footsteps is a major moment for him. "I mean, I’ve been in the studio with Beyoncé for heaven’s sake and Kylie Minogue and Michael Bublé. I have kissed Michael on the cheek and I’ve danced in front of Andrea Bocelli," he recalled.