  Plenty of stars were keen to share their thoughts ahead of Happy Valley’s tense season finale tonight, while others were quick to give their verdict immediately after the episode was aired. Piers Morgan, 57, and Lorraine Kelly, 63, are just some of the celebs who tweeted anxiously about the BBC crime drama this evening.      Happy Valley finally came to an end this evening, with fans rushing to Twitter to applaud the show for its impressive final episode. Sarah Lancashire, 58, gave an incredible final performance as Sergeant Catherine Cawood in the gripping police drama. James Norton also gave BBC viewers his final performance as evil criminal Tommy Lee Royce. BBC show bosses will be glad that their hard work paid off, after putting in a huge effort to ensure the highly-anticipated finale was kept under wraps. READ MORE: Amanda Abbington opens up on romance after Martin Freeman split    It was recently revealed that they have even gone to the trouble of filming extra scenes to ensure the ending will not be spoiled for fans. After watching the nerve-wracking episode, many stars took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the drama. “Brilliant conclusion to a wonderful TV show,” Piers Morgan tweeted in view of his 8.3 million followers. “Superb acting, incredible writing, terrific suspense. Sarah Lancashire and James Norton both magnificent.     “British TV drama at its gritty, witty, brilliant best. Bravo!” he added enthusiastically. (sic) Before the episode aired, Lorraine shared pictures of the cast in anticipation with the caption: “Not long now”. Minutes after the finale had finished, she wrote: “Big congrats to all of you involved with #happyvalley. Brilliant on every level.” (sic) The talk show host also retweeted a user named Mimi, who suggested that the show should be up for every major BAFTA Award category.  READ MORE... Kate Garraway shares rare pic of husband Derek in tribute to carer [NEWS] Mike Tindall admits he will not attend Chris Moyles' birthday bash [NEWS] Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [INSIGHT]      Meanwhile, Fern Britton tweeted: “#HappyValley So emotional and tense and beautifully written and performed. Wholly satisfying x.” (sic) Judi Love also seemed impressed by the final episode, as she penned: “This last scene between Catherine and Tommy is beyond words!” Celebrity chef Simon Rimmer was similarly blown away, writing: “WOW! What are we going to do every Sunday now #HappyValleyFinale. “Happy Valley possibly the best drama finale ever. Thank you @BBCOne for not streaming it. I’ve loved the 7 day wait - Old School telly.” (sic)      While she is yet to comment on the final episode, Carol Vorderman also appeared to be extremely invested in Happy Valley ahead of tonight’s finale. Two hours ago she wrote: “Eyes down....look in.... #HappyValley...please don't kill Catherine off.” (sic) While Zoe Ball made reference to a pub doing a special sweepstake for the show, noting that she already had her theory for how it might end. “A pub in Hebden Bridge are doing a ‘guess the ending of Happy Valley’ sweepstake,” she penned. “(Great spot from @ColinGPaterson). I’ve written mine down… what are you going for?” (sic) Happy Valley began back in April, 2014 and came out with another series in 2016, but the third instalment aired this January after a seven-year break. Written and created by Sally Wainwright, the series takes place in the Calder Valley, West Yorkshire, and previously picked up the BAFTA Award for Best Drama Series in 2015.   