Lynskey entered the HBO post-apocalyptic drama to take on the role of Kathleen, the leader of the Hunters who now have protagonists Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) in their sights. The Yellowjackets star delivered a new fierce ‘big bad’ for Joel and Ellie to contend with while trapped in Kansas City with the ending of episode four teeing up a tantalising rivalry. However, Lynskey, like many of The Last of Us cast, has found herself on the receiving end of rather toxic comments from some members of the fandom. A number of The Last of Us cast have spoken out about the backlash they’ve faced after being employed to bring the characters made famous in the video game to life. Now, Lynskey has had her say after responding to one viewer’s remarks who awfully took aim at the actor’s body shape. Lynskey defiantly slapped the toxic comments down, sharing a screengrab of the interaction with her 169.2k Twitter followers and writing: “Firstly- this is a photo from my cover shoot for InStyle magazine, not a still from HBO’s The Last Of Us. “And I’m playing a person who meticulously planned & executed an overthrow of FEDRA. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show “I am supposed to be SMART, ma’am. I don’t need to be muscly. That’s what henchmen are for,” she slammed. Before long, hundreds of fans weighed in to applaud Lynskey for her emphatic response, including some familiar faces. Community and The Walking Dead star Yvette Nicole Brown replied: “Forget about her ridiculous comment, you look beautiful in this cover story and are scary as hell on #TheLastOfUsHBO.” While Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn weighed in: “You look smart, sexy, AND like you could take civilization down!!” This was echoed by @wyntermitchell who commented: “You look incredible, thriving, healthy and gorgeous and as for this other person.” Lily Burana concurred: “Wow, that was embarrassing for her even BEFORE you responded. You look glamorous and perfect.” Lynskey followed up her reaction with a series of other tweets delving into the role and thanking the show’s bosses for giving her the opportunity to bring Kathleen to life. “Other than getting to work with creative geniuses who I respect and admire (Neil & Craig) the thing that excited me most about doing #TheLastOfUs is that my casting suggested the possibility of a future in which people start listening to the person with the best ideas,” she penned. DON'T MISS:The Last of Us ‘big boss’ teases costume cost ‘half a million pounds’ [EXCLUSIVE]House of the Dragon season 2 release: Filming date confirmed [LATEST]The Last of Us episode 5 to ditch Sunday night slot as HBO shares date [RELEASE DATE] She continued: “Not the coolest or the toughest person. The organiser. The person who knows where everything is. The person who is doing the planning. The person who can multitask. The one who’s decisive. “Women, and especially women in leadership positions, are scrutinized incessantly. Her voice is too shrill. Her voice is too quiet. She pays too much attention to how she looks. She doesn’t pay enough attention to how she looks. She’s too angry. She’s not angry enough. “I was excited at the idea of playing a woman who had, in a desperate and tragic time, jumped into a role she had never planned on having and nobody else had planned on her having, and then she actually got s**t done.” Defending Kathleen’s appearance, Lynskey explained: “I wanted her to look like she should have a notepad on her at all times. I wanted her to be feminine, and soft-voiced, and all the things that we’ve been told are ‘weak’. Because honestly, f**k that.” Lynskey added she “understood” some people wouldn’t be pleased with her portrayal but admitted it was “thrilling” to her to defy the norm. She signed off by saying: “I’m so grateful to Craig and Neil for creating a truly new character. Someone I have never seen before. “And for trusting me with her. And for letting me be on THE MOST AMAZING SHOW.” (Sic) The Last of Us fans will undoubtedly learn more about Kathleen as Joel and Ellie try to escape the Hunters’ clutches in the coming episodes. The Last of Us continues Friday, February 10 on HBO in the USA before returning to its Sunday night time slot the following week. The Last of Us airs on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Saturday, February 11 before returning to its Monday night time slot the following week in the UK.