Eagle-eyed Mercedes fans have noticed the possibility of a peculiar imperfection on Lewis Hamilton and George Russell’s new W14 vehicle for the 2023 season. The redesigned new Mercedes machine, tasked with propelling the Silver Arrows back into championship contention, was unveiled at Silverstone on Wednesday. The covers were finally pulled off at a highly-anticipated unveiling, as Mercedes returned to a slick all-black livery with exposed carbon fibre for weight-saving reasons. Hamilton endured his first winless season in F1 last year but is feeling ‘refreshed’ amid talk of a possible renewed title battle with 2021 rival Max Verstappen. Russell, meanwhile, sealed his first race win and Mercedes’ only P1 finish of the 2022 season at Interlagos in the penultimate race on the calendar. And Mercedes engineers have been working tirelessly in the off-season to provide a more competitive car for the British duo as they target a consistent return to the front of the grid. JUST IN: Toto Wolff brushes away Max Verstappen with Lewis Hamilton verdict  But, rather than focus on the modifications to the new W14 model that could impact the Mercedes performance, some extremely observant fans online have spotted a rather innocuous potential flaw with the appearance of the car. One fan shared a photo of the team’s logo painted onto the front wing of the vehicle with the caption: “Mercedes logo is off-centre on the official fotos of W14.” The image, which includes a straight red line down the middle to prove the iconic logo may indeed by slightly askew on the car, was noticed by several on the popular online platform Reddit. However, many were also sceptical about the post, suggesting the image itself showing the Mercedes logo wasn’t centred. “This image itself doesn’t look straight on though,” one fan replied. “There is a slight offset angle to the photo for sure. You can tell by the livery,” another added.  Many Mercedes supporters were also touched by a small detail kept on the new vehicle which offers a tribute to the late, great Niki Lauda. The Brackley-based team have kept the three-pointed star on their new challenger following the death of their legendary former non-executive chairman in 2019. Team Principal Toto Wolff vowed after Lauda’s death that the red star would continue to stay on the car forever, and that promise has been kept for the 2023 vehicle. One fan wrote: "I always look for [the red star] every time they show the new car and it always moves me a little bit.” Another added: “That's really very nice that they kept that red star on for Niki, never forgotten, always remembered.”  