The Met Office has issued a yellow warning, with maps showing snow could make a comeback across the UK this weekend. The latest weather maps show that widespread snowstorm could sweep across the whole of Britain. Weather modelling maps from WX Charts indicate that some Brits may have a white weekend as snow falls on Saturday. A snow storm with an approximate width of 800 km will move across the nation in the morning, delivering snow to Northern Ireland initially at around 6 am. The Met Office had previously warned that March could bring further snowfall. Areas of light purple inside dark purple show snow falling at a rate of about 3cm per hour, even if the data predicts no snow will accumulate on the ground there. The Met Office has also warned a spell of strong winds is expected across Scotland that could bring disruption on Friday. There is a small chance of injuries and danger to life due to flying debris. The warning covers parts of northern England and the whole of Scotland.  Rain will fall in the most of the storm's affected areas as it moves south-eastward from Northern Ireland to England's south coast. Maps show the snow moving over the East Midlands throughout the day, covering towns like Nottingham and Derby. According to WX Charts, locations near Manchester could see 4 cm of snow, compared to 1 cm in the Midlands. By 3 pm, East Anglia should experience heavy flurries, with no snow expected there, as the storm continues south-eastward. READ MORE: Met Office issues weather warning as snow could return to UK in days According to the meteorological maps, the storm will have left for Europe by 6 o'clock. On Saturday, there should not be severe downpours. WX Charts show 2mm per hour downpours that occur after the snow hits, possibly preventing the snow from settling. The forecaster has said a major sudden stratospheric warning (SSW) is "now likely to take place" in late February or early March. In 2018, a significant SSW brought the Beast from the East to the UK, which witnessed 22 inches of snowfall in some areas and £1.2 billion in economic damage. But the Met Office insisted that an SSW does not necessarily mean a meteorological situation similar to the Beast from the East. DON'T MISS:UK weather maps show date 7ins of snow to fall and -6C freeze to hit [REPORT]  Met Office verdict on snow plume heading for UK in matter of days [REPORT]  UK's belated snow blast mapped as sudden weather event triggers freeze [REPORT] The Met Office said: "The latest forecasts are showing that a major SSW is now likely to take place. The recent minor SSW weakened the Stratospheric Polar Vortex and it’s now likely to collapse and reverse in the middle of February." The forecaster explained: "A major SSW often makes the jet stream meander more, which can lead to a large area of blocking high pressure over northern Europe, including the UK. This blocking high pressure can lead to cold, dry weather in the north of Europe, including the UK, with mild, wet and windy conditions more likely for southern areas of the continent. "However, this is not always the case and impacts on UK weather can also be benign when an SSW occurs." Prof Adam Scaife, Head of Long-Range Forecasting at the Met Office, said there is an "80 percent chance" of a major SSW. He said: "Although the impact will become clearer nearer the time, any effect on UK weather is most likely to occur in late February and March." READ NEXT:Snow to bring blast of cold temperatures set to plunge UK below -10CUK weather maps show exact date Arctic blast could trigger -6C freezeFurious driver gets revenge on neighbour for stealing parking spaceForecaster warns Britons may face ‘freezing air’ Drivers warned of viral defrosting tips which may crack windscreen