There were an average of 4.6 burglaries per 1,000 people in England and Wales in the year ending September 2022 – under Labour PCCs the average was 5.5 and under Conservatives it was 3.8. The Office for National Statistic data – covering the year ending September 2022 – showed burglaries were almost 45 per cent higher last year under Labour PCCs than in areas under Conservatives. Conservative Party Vice Chair Saqib Bhatti, said: “This analysis is further evidence of what we already know – Labour is weak on crime and cannot be trusted with the safety and security of our country.” “Meanwhile our Conservative government is on track to deliver the highest number of police officers in UK history.” Violent offences were 29 per cent higher last year under Labour PCCs than in areas under Conservatives, the figures suggested. In England and Wales, there were an average of 35.8 violence against the person offences per 1,000 people – under Labour PCCs the average was 42.2 and under Conservatives it was 32.7 And there were 32 per cent more theft offences last year than in areas under Conservatives Under Labour PCCs. There were an average of 27.4 theft offences per 1,000 people in England and Wales – under Labour PCCs the average was 28.4 and under Conservatives it was 21.5 Ms Bhatti said: “Labour PCCs must get a grip and stop criminals running riot on our streets.” PCCs are elected representatives with control over how local areas are policed. They appoint chief constables, set policing and crime objectives for local forces, set police force budgets, and bring together local, national, and international organisations. Policing Minister Chris Philp said: “Where Labour police and crime commissioners are in power they have lost control of crime. “Today’s analysis proves that Labour are soft on crime. They can’t be trusted to keep people safe.” Under Labour, people were 44 per cent more likely to be victims of knife crime. The analysis by the Conservative Party found residents in England and Wales living under Labour PCCs are “significantly more likely” to be victims of crime in every major measure, with crime 34 per cent higher in Labour areas than under the Conservatives. There were 92.6 offences per 1,000 people in the year ending September 2022 – under Labour the average was 107 and under Conservatives it was 80. Labour has been contacted for a comment.