Modern football legend Jose Mourinho is reportedly on the list to replace former USMNT manager, Gregg Berhalter. As the national side braced itself for a camp last month without a full-time coach, a number of candidates considered for the job emerged, with 'The Special One' an early frontrunner. The search for a new man comes after Berhalter was forced to publicly admit to kicking wife Rosalind in the legs during a violent argument back in 1991. In his statement, he claimed he was threatened by a blackmailer, whom he did not identify, saying the person approached US Soccer and threatened to "take him down" with the information. As a result, Anthony Hudson was brought in as United States' interim coach. The Englishman said it was "job done" after overseeing two friendlies for the national team - despite failing to win either of them. But with the next World Cup taking place on home soil, there is a real push to ensure a top-level, experienced coach is in charge to boost American hopes - and Mourinho fits just that bill. The Portuguese legend, currently flying high with Roma in Italy, has always wanted to manage a national team. His Roma squad currently sit third in the Serie A, with Inter Milan and league leaders Napoli well within sight. Mourinho is no stranger to the stars in the US squad, with the former Manchester United manager trying his luck to sign Christian Pulisic back in 2019. However, the two-footed attacker sealed a permanent move to Stamford Bridge instead. According to Pulisic's former coach, the then 20-year-old rejected a move to Manchester because his father "couldn't stand" Mourinho and his ethics. Robin Walker coached Pulisic as a youngster at non-League side Brackley Town and made the stunning revelation. He told The Telegraph: "I'm a Chelsea fan, I grew up in London supporting them. When I was in Dortmund last year, I told him that he had to come. "He wouldn't go to Manchester United because of Jose Mourinho. His father couldn't stand Mourinho because he didn't promote young players." Despite the remarks, Mourinho was full of praise after Pulisic put his stamp on the Premier League with a dazzling hat-trick against Burnley in October 2019. Pulisic, who had not scored for his new side before the match, became the first American to net a Prem treble since Clint Dempsey in 2012. After the game, Mourinho said: "American players came to Europe and began to adapt to the competition. You will find different specifications there, but it is difficult to find a playmaker of the quality and skill of the Chelsea boy." Mourinho's admiration for Pulisic may carry some weight when deciding whether or not to take the USMNT job. A hallmark of US coaches has been focused on adopting an approach that emphasises team cohesion to play to the side’s more typical underdog status on the world’s stage. And with Mourinho's glittering CV - eight league titles in four different countries including Portugal, England, Spain and Italy - the two-time winner of both Champions League and Europa League can certainly bring that success with him to the men's national stage.