Liverpool star Darwin Nunez was caught on camera reminding Everton players what the match score was as tempers flared in the Merseyside Derby. Jurgen Klopp’s men overcame a poor run of form to run out comfortable 2-0 winners at Anfield with the Uruguayan striker laying on the assist for Mohamed Salah’s opening goal. Liverpool went into Monday’s derby on the back of a humiliating 3-0 loss to Wolves with their opponents full of confidence after beating Arsenal in Sean Dyche’s first game in charge. However, The Reds’ put in an assured performance as they coasted to a two-goal victory with goals from Salah and Cody Gakpo sealing an easy win. Tempers flared towards the end of the match following an incident between Andy Robertson and Jordan Pickford with a skirmish breaking out between players from either side. Not one to miss an opportunity, Nunez got himself involved mischievously taunting Everton players. Footage from the match shows the 23-year-old arguing with Toffee’s midfielder Idrissa Gana Gueye repeatedly holding up two fingers as he reinforced what the score was. His actions naturally drew a positive response from Liverpool supporters as they lapped up their striker getting one over on their rivals. READ MORE: O'Hara urges Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan clash Reds boss Klopp was keen to praise his players after the game following their difficult run of form. The German suggested it was a special performance helped by the strong support of the Anfield crowd. “I thought the performance was the best it's been for a while. You take wins when you don't play well but it's much better when you deserve it and we deserved it. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell' "Atmosphere was outstanding. I'm in love with our crowd - what they did tonight was extremely helpful and the boys paid back. It was a real derby with a difficult opponent but we played the game we wanted to play not the game Everton wanted to play. We kept the ball, switching sides, staying patient, getting behind the line and I saw a real unit tonight where everyone was really fighting. "And the goals we scored were two sensational counter attacks. Can you remember the last time we had that many options for the guy starting the counter attack? I can't. Tonight we were there. That has to be a sign of what we have to do. We had 70 per cent of the ball and we scored two from counter attacks, that is really special.”