Prince Andrew has reportedly told friends that there is "no chance" that he will leave his home on the Windsor estate amid claims that King Charles III wants to evict him, royal sources have revealed. The disgraced Duke of York currently lives in the 30-bedroom Royal Lodge, after reportedly spending millions of pounds of his own money on renovations. Royal Lodge, at which Andrew signed a 75-year lease for in 2003, boasts 98 acres of land and a swimming pool. Despite divorcing in 1996, Andrew shares the home with his ex-wife Sarah, the Duchess of York. Speaking to the Mirror, one source said: "He [said] he's not leaving, there is no chance that will happen and even if the King wanted him how would that work? READ MORE: Prince Harry attacked by defence secretary Ben Wallace for 'boasting' of Taliban kill "The King won't evict him so there is no chance it will come to that." They added: "If he [the King] wants to spend millions reimbursing him for the money he's already spent on the property, that's another matter." Despite continuing to live with her ex-husband, Sarah Ferguson recently puchased a £4.25 million "investment property" in Belgravia, London. A source also said that it would be "unthinkable" to imagine Andrew threatening his own brother over money. A royal source, close to the Palace, has said that the King won't leave Andrew "homeless and penniless" READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'upset' as Palace is 'only fighting for Harry' to attend King's Coronation  Prince Andrew was forced to step back from royal duties, particularly after his notorious Newsnight interview with Emily Maitlis. Since stepping back from royal duties, a friend of Andrew stated that he "enjoys spending time with his children and his grandchildren", with Palace insiders claiming that he spends times "watching a lot of television". When Andrew stepped back from royal duties, he also stopped receiving public money. DON'T MISS:Harry left royal journalists baffled after admitting he reads Heat mag [VIDEO]Meghan left 'feeling embarrassed' after more details of Harry's romp [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan didn't expect 'negative feedback' from memoir [ANALYSIS] In February 2022, Andrew agreed to pay Virginia Giuffre an out-of-court settlement, estimated to be around $12 million, while vehemently denying any wrongdoing. The settlement was not an admission of liability. 