Experts are highlighting the best interest rates for this age demographic which offer favourable interest rates. Some banks are paying savings rates of up to seven percent which could help over 50s put away more money ahead of retirement. Express.co.uk spoke to Kate Anderson, the deputy editor of finder.com, who gave a breakdown of the best rates going at the moment. Here is a full list of some of the best savings accounts for over 50s in the UK at the moment: READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The Regular Saver Account from first direct has a fixed interest rate of seven percent AER over a 12-month period. The bank’s current account customers could have the opportunity to earn £136.50 in interest in a year if they save £300 every month. Alternatively, NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver is also exclusive to its current account customers. It has recently increased its interest rate to 6.17 percent but monthly contributions are limited to only £150. Ms Anderson highlighted why better savings habits need to be engrained in people no matter how old they are, but specifically for those thinking of retiring. She explained: "It’s important to remember those looking ahead to their retirement are not just limited to products for the ‘over 50s’ or ‘over 60s’. “Yes, they won’t want to make long-term savings commitments, but that doesn’t mean they can’t access some of the better interest rates. "For those wanting to boost their savings, regular savings accounts have some of the highest interest rates available at the moment.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The savings expert also broke down why is recommending the ISA products from Barclays and Shawbrook Bank in particular. Ms Anderson added: "For those wanting to get the best returns on larger sums and also benefit from tax-free savings, then a short-term fixed-rate cash ISA could be the answer. “Barclays currently has a one year fixed rate ISA at four percent, where you can make three free withdrawals, each up to 10 percent of your current balance. “Another option is Shawbrook Bank’s 1 year fixed rate Cash ISA at 3.82 percent. If someone is happy to leave their savings untouched for 12 months, they could deposit their full ISA allowance into the account and earn £764 in interest by the end of the year. “Shawbrook is also popular with customers, recently winning Finder’s Savings Customer Satisfaction Award in 2023.” According to the finance expert, any savings product that has FSCS protection is key for someone nearing retirement, as they will want to make sure their savings are protected. Interest rates have risen significantly in recent months following the Bank of England’s decision to raise the base rate ten consecutive months in a row within the last year. As it stands, the base rate is at four percent and is expected to reach as high as 4.25 percent in the next month or two.