They said: "For the first time, the Church of England will publicly, unreservedly and joyfully welcome same-sex couples in church. The Church continues to have deep differences on these questions which go to the heart of our human identity. "As Archbishops, we are committed to respecting the conscience of those for whom this goes too far and to ensure that they have all the reassurances they need in order to maintain the unity of the church as this conversation continues. "We hope that today's thoughtful, prayerful debate marks a new beginning for the Church as we seek a way forward, listening to each other and most of all to God. Above all we continue to pray, as Jesus himself prayed, for the unity of his church and that we would love one another."  While the new approach allows same-sex couples to be blessed, it does not change the church’s stance on gay marriage and same-sex couples will not be allowed to marry in a CofE church. At the debate on Wednesday night, members of the Synod rejected 16 attempts to pass the proposal. They are set to return on Thursday for the final vote. It was on this topic that Mr Welby became emotional. Although he backs blessings for same-sex couples, he is critical of politicians who want to force the church to accept gay marriage. READ MORE: Pope Francis tells world ‘Hands off Africa’ on trip to the Congo  Mr Welby said while he welcomes the proposals, he will not personally carry them out due to his “pastoral responsibility for the whole communion”. He added: “I am supporting these resources, not I think because I’m controlled by culture, but because of scripture, tradition, and reason evidenced in the vast work done over the last six years. “I ask each member of the Synod to vote with their spirit-inspired conscience, scripturally or spiritually guided, and not because groups or lobbies or outsiders have told you too. “I have heard them over the last two weeks in Parliament and being told exactly what to do. I’m not doing any of it.” In recent times MPs from both Labour and the Conservative Party have proposed using legislation to against the church to force it to allow gay marriage. Speaking to the Church Times, Mr Bradshaw said the Church of England’s decision not to allow same sex couples to marry in churches “confirmed its status as an institutionally homophobic organisation.” He added: “I think it’s a real crisis moment for the Church of England. And a dark day for the Church of England, with potentially enormous constitutional repercussions.”  Conservative MP Chris Loder added he was concerned about how the church’s current stance is “discriminating terribly against gay clergy…If you are a priest in the Church of England, you cannot marry someone who you may have spent your entire life with if you want to maintain your role as a priest.” The Synod is set to have its final vote on the matter today.