Sanjeev Bhaskar has shared that the wardrobe staff on Unforgotten love to prank him behind the scenes. Fortunately, it's all in good fun for the actor, who plays DI Khan in the series, and is often spotted onscreen with a backpack that is rarely ever opened, unless specified in a scene. The star shared: “DI Khan’s bag is not often opened unless it’s in the scene. “Early on I told the costume department to just fill it with stuff and surprise me. “It became so funny that I thought I’d photograph the contents and put them on social media as a bit of background fun, and it became its own thing. “Now I do it every series,” he added to SagaExceptional.com. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' The star shared how the hijinks behind the scenes indicated a “happy set”, as “the costume department is making fun” of him. He added: “At the end of the last series, the last picture I put up was Nicola Walker stepping out of it, as it was her last day as DCI Cassie Stuart.” It comes as Sanjeev spoke on the backlash following the show’s shocking finale episode last season. Sanjeev found himself on the receiving end of angry messages threatening a boycott after Unforgotten’s finale last season saw a main character die. DCI Cassie Stuart was suddenly killed off during an emotional car crash scene prompting viewers to say they would “never” watch the show again. Sanjeev shared: “Nicola and Cassie are both iconic, but I was still surprised by the outpouring of grief. “A few people messaged me on social media saying they would never watch Unforgotten again… ‘Why couldn’t Cassie retire [rather than being killed in a car crash]?’ “Because, I said, ‘Life is not like that’. Nicola and I still chat every few weeks or send texts,” he added to Radio Times. DONT MISS:Anton Du Beke shares wife's thoughts as he addresses Strictly curse (PHOTOS)Andrea McLean hints at I’m A Celeb stint despite ruling out Strictly (NEWS)Ricky Gervais fears work will be changed to suit the woke after death (LATEST) In the penultimate series 4 episode, Cassie was involved in a collision while driving. She was so physically and mentally exhausted from returning to police work, when she’d wanted to remain signed off, she had missed the car speeding towards her. Although it initially appeared that she’d pull through, it later transpired she’d not regained brain activity, leading to her death. With series five of Unforgotten looming, executive producer Chris Lang has teased viewers will see a new journey for Sunny (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and the team as they continue life without Cassie. In the last episode, viewers saw her colleague place flowers on her grave which read "Mother, daughter, copper", after her life support machine was turned off. Although the ITV show will now look different, actress Nicola Walker has explained Cassie’s time on the show was always finite. Speaking with Radio Times, the 52-year-old said leaving the show was a decision both she and Chris spoke about from the beginning. The actress admitted the producer was always putting Cassie through a story arc that would emotionally damage her.