A private investigator has said Nicola Bulley could still be alive as the search for the missing mum approaches its third week. The PI with years of experience with missing persons cases described Ms Bulley's case as baffling. His comments come as well-wishers continue to leave messsages of hope the 45-year-old will be found unharmed in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, near where she disappeared on January 27. The private investigator, who is part of a team at Insight Investigations, told Express.co.uk: "It's extremely mysterious. To be honest I'm baffled by it. "I've done missing persons enquiries before, but I'm baffled by this one - the fact that she has vanished without trace." He continued: "I think there's a chance she may be alive, going by the lack of evidence that's been found." The PI, who is not being named to protect his identity, said it is difficult to comment on a case he is not involved in, adding his knowledge of it is based on what gets reported in the media. He said there is no standard approach to a missing persons case because everybody has different circumstances, adding: "That's why it's hard to comment." His remarks come after forensic expert Peter Faulding told The Telegraph he is now searching places where Ms Bulley could have been buried. Mr Faulding, the leader of underwater search experts SGI, said normally people aren't found too far away from where they go missing, often "within a couple of miles". READ ABOUT NICOLA BULLEY'S FRIEND RECEIVING A SIGNIFICANT TEXT He told the same publication he has drawn up a list of places where it would be possible to hide a body without anyone noticing. His search will include hedgerows and wooded areas where it is possible to park a vehicle and "deposit a body without being seen". Mr Faulding, whose company completed a search of the River Wyre last week, said he decided to carry out his own "low-key" search after talking to Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell and her friend Heather Gibbons. Meanwhile, police have been searching areas from the river where she vanished to the sea. DON'T MISS: Shamima Begum case could be decided in ECHR as lawyer slams UK [REVEALED] People 'afraid' and 'all frowning' in England's 'worst place to live' [REPORT] What we know about Michigan State University shooter Anthony McRae [LATEST] The search in Morecambe Bay is in its fifth day with officers on horseback having surveyed elevated paths in the village of Knott End-on-Sea on Monday. Lancashire Constabulary widened the search for her body to the sea on Thursday after detectives said finding her "in the open sea becomes more of a possibility". Officers are still looking for clues near the bench on the riverbank where her phone was found still connected to a work call on the day she disappeared. Detectives believe she fell into the Wyre "in a 10-minute window" while walking her springer spaniel Willow on her usual morning walk after dropping her daughters - Harriet and Sophia - at school. Ms Bulley had logged into a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am, which ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected to the call. She was seen by another dog walker at 9.10am - the last known sighting - and police traced telephony records of her mobile phone as it remained on a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am. The device was found by a dog walker at around 9.35am with Willow nearby. Lancashire Constabulary says it does not think she came to any harm. It has also discounted foul play. Ms Bulley's heartbroken husband said last week his "gut instinct" is she is not in the river. Paul Ansell said he wanted to keep "all options open" over her disappearance. He told 5 News Ms Bulley was "a pillar of strength" to the family and without her, "the hole is bigger than you can possibly imagine". Anyone with information which could help the investigation should call 101 quoting log 0565 of January 30. For immediate sightings call 999.