A woman was forced to pay £80 a week in energy bills due to the soaring costs of her home’s prepayment meter, a leading UK charity has said. Many households are stuck on prepayment meters which are more adversely impacted by increasing gas and electricity costs and organisations such as Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) are sharing the plight of those who are unable to make ends meet. Some households are paying as much as £80 a week to keep their home warm despite having serious health issues. Failure to make these prepayment meter payments could result in families being disconnected from their energy usage. The charity highlighted the case of one woman with serious health issues who has struggled to pay her energy bills in light of soaring prepayment meter costs. The mother was unable to keep up with her energy debt and was paying £80 per week to keep the supply on. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance To get by, she was prioritising feeding her children over herself which exacerbated her existing health problems. The woman had significant mobility issues, as well as emphysema, arthritis and brittle bone disease. Due to her condition, she requires the use of a nebulizer and a stair lift, which requires her to spend money on energy. Another case shared by Citizens Advice involved a disabled client who had run out of money on their prepayment meter. They needed to switch their home’s heating off to preserve the remaining credit for keeping the lights on. As well as this, the person in question had no money for food which she needs to have while taking her medication. Prepayment meters allow people to pay for the exact amount of gas and electricity they use, but the new report emphasises the dire spending choices people need to make due to paying upfront. Many of the country’s suppliers have come under fire recently for forcibly installing this equipment into the homes of vulnerable people who have seen their costs skyrocket as a result.  READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Some 50 percent of households looking for energy supplier disconnection advice, who are primarily people with prepayment meters, also reached out for advice on disability benefits. This suggests that around half of prepayment meter customers with disconnection issues have a disability or have someone in their home with a disability. Stephanie Millar, CAS’ Social Justice policy manager, shared her concern for the plight of customers trapped on a prepayment meter. She explained: “With a prepayment meter, once it runs out of credit, that’s it. You have no more heating until you top it up again. “Too often we see people who have run out of credit and are unable to top it up, so they just have no heating or light or TV or digital devices. “The contents of the fridge freezer go off, and the family can’t use their washing machine. Disabled people who use stair lifts or mobility scooters are unable to charge these. “Many of the cases we considered for this report show people making difficult decisions about how to allocate their income, which includes people who are reducing essential spendings, such as food or rent, to top up their meter. “Prepayment meters tend to be used by the most vulnerable people in society, such as those who struggle financially or people who are disabled, this report shows a link between consumers needing advice with disconnection issues from their meters and with disability benefits.”