Tottenham were reportedly 'really close' to signing Udinese star Gerard Deulofeu during the January transfer window. Spurs were looking to bolster Antonio Conte's squad in the January window in a bid to help their chances of securing a top-four finish. A new right-back and an attacker were seen as the two priorities throughout the window with Conte seemingly unhappy with the options already at the club. They managed to get both spots filled in the end after striking deals for both Arnaut Danjuma and Pedro Porro. Tottenham had managed to steal Danjuma from under the noses of Everton with the Villarreal attacker joining on loan until the end of the season. And they finally reached an agreement with Sporting Lisbon for the signing of Porro, who joined on a £5m loan deal with Tottenham obligated to make the move permanent for £39m in the summer. Tottenham's business could have looked slightly different though Deulofeu suffer a setback on his return from injury. According to Fabrizio Romano, a deal for Deulofeu to move to Tottenham was 'almost done'.  But the former Everton and Watford attacker was ruled out for the remainder of the season in January after rupturing the cruciate in his right knee. Romano said on his YouTube channel: "We know that Tottenham were looking for an offensive player. "Nicolo Zaniolo then they decided to go for Danjuma on loan as a big opportunity. But I can reveal you - and this is an exclusive name - that Tottenham were considering a move for Gerard Deulofeu.  "Udinese player, he's doing incredible in Serie A and had a fantastic first part of the season. He's already Premier League proven. He played for Everton, for Watford. Also for Barcelona and AC Milan in the past. So an important player with good experience ready to make an impact. Very appreciated also by the board, but what happened? "Deulofeu was really close to Tottenham. From what I heard, the deal was almost done for Deulofeu to join Tottenham. But what happened is that Gerard Deulofeu have an injury, a serious injury, so it was not available anymore on the market right before joining Tottenham." The 28-year-old has suffered from a number of injury issues over the past few years, but had begun this season in fine form. He then picked up a knee injury after the World Cup and he appeared to aggravate that further in the game against Sampdoria.