The soft deadline for bids to acquire Manchester United has come and gone, with an offer from Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani sparking the most conversation on Friday evening. As Red Devils supporters mull the possibility of swapping one controversial set of owners for another, Express Sport takes you inside the life of Al Thani, who could soon be an integral figure at Old Trafford... United fans broadly rejoiced at the news of the Glazers planning to sell the club in November last year. Protests were staged at regular intervals to voice anger about decision making at boardroom level over the past few years, as well as perceived financial mismanagement. A soft deadline of 10pm on Friday evening was set, with Al Thani joined by Sir Jim Ratcliffe - lifelong United fan and chief of petrochemical giants INEOS - in making their interest official. The bid led by Al Thani is reportedly worth at least £4billion, which would make the Red Devils the most expensive sports team in history. But who is the mysterious figure making a charge for Old Trafford? And what can fans expect if his quest to purchase the club is successful? JUST IN: Mark Clattenburg almost quit over VAR as he calls out Prem officials Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani was born in 1982 and supposedly started supporting United 10 years later. That, along with the famous Class of '92, is supposedly the reason why the Qatari came up with the name 'Nine Two Foundation', which will ensure United is completely debt free while investing in various aspects of the club. Al Thani was educated in the UK, attending the Royal Military Academy in Sandhurst, Berkshire, before graduating as officer cadet. He is currently the chairman of Qatar Islamic Bank [QIB] - one of the leading banks in his native country. He is part of the ruling royal family in Qatar, with a collective net worth estimated at £275bn.  The takeover hopeful's links to banking go back further as he was formerly a board member at Credit Suisse Group AG and Credit Suisse AG Zurich. The bid reportedly involves Al Thani and his father, Hamad bin Jassim bin Jabal Al Thani, who served as Prime Minister of Qatar between 2007 and 2013. No other personnel have been named in regard to the bid, which seeks to acquire United in its entirety and make the club debt free. An official statement released on Friday read: "Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United Football Club.  "The bid plans to return the Club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more. "The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the Club supports. "The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world. More details of the bid will be released, when appropriate, if and when the bid process develops." 