Some of Queen Elizabeth's most breathtaking gems and jewels include rare ruby necklaces, sapphire earrings and £50million brooches. The late monarch had over 300 pieces in her private collection but she chose a very special brooch to wear in her final portrait. Queen Elizabeth donned the stunning Aquamarine Clips in her last portrait, a two clips brooch that was also one of her favourite pieces. According to RH Jewellers, "these pretty blue brooches were one of Her Majesty's most sentimental pieces". "Gifted to her by her father, King George VI, on her 18th birthday, she wore the two clips on several occasions, including her public address during the 2020 lockdown," they explained. French luxury jewellery store Boucheron explained that according to their archives, Prince George, the Duke of Kent, who was Queen Elizabeth's uncle, purchased the art-deco aquamarine and diamond brooches from the London store in 1937. READ MORE: ‘Common' makeup mistakes making your skin 'look older'  A few years later, Queen Elizabeth's father gifted them to her on her 18th birthday in 1944 after his brother the Duke of Kent died in an air crash. The French jewellery house Boucheron has a long history of contributing to the Royal Family's jewellery collection. The jewellers, who founded their first store in Paris, have been a favourite among royals since 1883. That year, the Duchess of Edinburgh, who was the former Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of the Romanov before she married Prince Alfred, bought natural pearls from the shop to create a necklace.  Since then, the Royal Family have frequented the store to find the most unique and beautiful pieces of jewellery. The Aquamarine Clips were therefore one of Queen Elizabeth's favourite and most sentimental pieces since they were a birthday gift from her beloved father. She publicly wore them at least 50 times, including during her address to the United Nations in 2010 or at the 75th anniversary of the speech by her father King George VI announcing the end of World War II. The late monarch also donned the piece on her Diamond Jubilee in 2012, for her Platinum Jubilee in 2022 and for her last official portrait that same year. READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking The Palace released the portrait of the monarch, taken by photographer Ranald Mackechnie, "to mark Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee - the first British monarch to reach this milestone". The creative director at Boucheron, Claire Choisne, commented: "I am a fan of the Queen and always have been. "My grandmother was from Liverpool - and I'm probably the shame of my family because I'm so French, but I always watched the Queen's speech at Christmas on the BBC since I was a child - the French commentary would never do. "I was so touched that she wore something sentimental in her final portrait. It shows that it was emotion that won in the end, not a tiara or a crown. It was those two little brooches, the family present, that she chose to wear." She continued: "It's in classic art deco style, sharp with symmetry and baguette-cut diamonds, but balanced and softened with the baby blue of the aquamarines. "To me, Queen Elizabeth was an icon of style because of the way she played with colour. My first mood board was a lot of pictures of the Queen in all the colours," she told The Telegraph. Some of her other most loved pieces included her engagement ring, which had a sweet message from Prince Philip inscribed. Queen Elizabeth also loved her diamond brooch Cullinian III and Cullinan IV and the Four Row Japanese Pearl Choker which Princess Diana and Kate, Princess of Wales, were seen wearing on the most special occasions.