Tottenham will try to get back to winning ways against West Ham after two consecutive defeats against Leicester and AC Milan. Cristian Stellini will pick the starting eleven with Antonio Conte remaining in Italy to continue his recovery from gallbladder surgery. Here Express Sport predicts how the Lilywhites may line up with the Italian facing something of a conundrum with how to deal with an out-of-form Son Heung-min. Goalkeeper: Fraser Forster There are no questions between the sticks at the moment with club captain Hugo Lloris still out with a knee injury. Back-up Forster has taken the gloves in his absence and this will continue against West Ham given Brandon Austin and Alfie Whiteman have made no senior appearances for the club. Defence: Cristian Romero, Eric Dier, Ben Davies Tottenham have chopped and changed in central defence at times this season and this could continue against West Ham. Stellini may return to last season’s favoured trio as the club look to find the right balance in the centre. Romero and Dier tend to always find themselves in the side when fit but Davies has been in competition with Clement Lenglet on the left-hand side. The Welshman may be given the nod today with the on-loan Barcelona man failing to impress against AC Milan in midweek. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd Wing-backs: Emerson Royal, Ivan Perisic There has been no clear first-choice pick at wing-back this season and Stellini will again have a decision to make against West Ham. Emerson has impressed during his recent performances and may be set to keep his place especially after Pedro Porro struggled on his debut. Ryan Sessegnon remains out so Ivan Perisic is highly likely to line up on the left flank. Midfield: Pape Matar Sarr, Pierre Emilie Hojbjerg Both Sarr and Oliver Skipp impressed at the San Siro after the young duo were pitched into the Champions League clash as the club's only available central midfielders. It would be harsh for either of them to miss out however it is a fate that is likely given the return of Pierre Emile Hojbjerg from suspension. The Senegal international arguably edged his midfield partner in Italy and should be given another chance against West Ham as a result.  Forwards: Dejan Kulusevski, Harry Kane, Richarlison The biggest decision Stellini faces is in his front line. While Kane is undroppable and the first name on the team sheet there are major questions over who lines up alongside him. Son Heung-min has been struggling for form and could benefit from a rest, something Stellini may now be able to provide given Richarlison’s return to fitness. Kulusevski has also been off form but may manage to keep hold of his place. Arnaut Danjuma is waiting in the wings should the Italian decide to make more changes.