Timothy Dalton portrays one of the Yellowstone universe’s shrewdest villains, businessman Donald Whitfield, in the hit prequel series 1923. As yet another power-hungry adversary with his sights set on the Dutton ranch, he’s bound to cause trouble for Jacob Dutton (played by Harrison Ford) and his family, but the Bond star admitted filming the Paramount series came with its fair share of challenges. Dalton revealed he struggled with Montana’s freezing weather conditions during his time shooting the new Yellowstone spin-off. His villainous Donald Whitfield has appeared in the latest two episodes of 1923’s first season and is already making plans to wrestle the Dutton ranch from Jacob’s grasp. While viewers have loved seeing the former 007 taking on another antagonistic role, the British screen star had some harsh words for the show’s production. “It was a nightmare. We are on top of a hill with a blasting wind coming at us,” he recalled in the New York Times. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ “The cameras freeze up. Your toes freeze up.” Filming the series was clearly difficult for both the cast and crew, especially when the icy temperatures meant the cameras weren’t fully functioning. However, he also admitted his co-star Ford handled the conditions much better than he did. Dalton’s complaints are understandable given the huge level of trust he gave showrunner Sheridan, as he signed on to 1923 knowing very little about the ambitious new project. “He said, 'Taylor, what are you asking me to do?’” Sheridan told Entertainment Tonight. “‘There's no script, there's no nothing!’ And I said, 'You've just got to trust me'.” Sheridan’s gambles over the years have clearly paid off, as Yellowstone and its spin-offs have become some of the biggest shows on Paramount+ and in the US overall. Thankfully, Dalton endured the freezing cold as best as he could and his performance as Whitfield is already becoming a highlight of the new prequel. DON'T MISS:Squid Game reality show faces health and safety review [LATEST]Chicago Fire star lands Netflix role opposite Marvel hero [NEWS]The Flash boss shares real reason for Danielle Panabaker return [INSIGHT]  The supporting star is by no means the first actor to complain about filming Yellowstone, however. 1883 lead Sam Elliott had similar stories after shooting on the Oregon trail for the first chapter of the Duttons’ story. “I think the hell of it is just dealing with the elements, more than anything,” he said on the Official Yellowstone Podcast. “There were times when it was like 108 degrees down there in Fort Worth when we first started.” “We were out in the sun all day long, we were wearing wolves’ jackets. The immigrants were wearing layers and layers of wool clothes. “Then we go up to Montana and it’s f*****g freezing cold. I mean cold. “And I don’t have a lot of clothes on, I’m wearing, like, a pair of pants and a jacket for most of the thing. And a vest and a shirt. “I just remember thinking ‘What the f**k, man? Am I gonna die on this trail?’” Thankfully, the entire cast of the show have pulled through, and millions of fans worldwide can agree the final product has been well worth their efforts behind the scenes. 1923 season 1 continues Sundays on Paramount+.