The AA EV Recharge Report for January shows that the cost of flat rate charging on the public network fell by up to eight percent compared to December. Despite this, more electric vehicle charging providers across all speeds have now introduced peak and off-peak rates. The cost of public slow charging, typically carried out on lamppost chargers, fell by eight percent to mirror the cost of domestic charging in January. At the same time, fast and rapid flat rates fell by three percent compared to December. In comparison, during the same period of time, petrol pump prices dropped by 1.7 percent. By expanding the research carried out by the AA EV Recharge Report to account for 18 charge point operators it has discovered that providers at all speeds are now offering peak and off-peak rates across the public network. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £1,000 fines when celebrating Valentine's Day Peak rates across all speeds exceed 70 p/kWh, with fast and rapid peak rates the most expensive on the market. However, all providers determine their peak times differently so EV drivers should check the costs prior to plugging in. This could cause some issues for drivers as they may be paying vastly different costs at certain times and with certain charge point operators. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy and EV charging at the AA, said: “The slight fall in electricity prices has been reflected in the flat rate prices EV drivers pay. DON'T MISS'Very cross' driver slapped with parking fine over broken meter [WARNING]Driver surprised to find hidden compartment in car door [SHOCKING]Drivers should use little-known button and gears to save money [INSIGHT] “The speed in which the prices fell is encouraging and hopefully means the ‘rocket and feather’ approach to wholesale costs experienced in petrol prices won’t be adopted by charge point operators. “However, we believe OFGEM needs to keep a watchful eye on peak rate costs to ensure they don’t escalate to the point where it puts drivers off using them. “Whilst we understand the reasons why peak rates exist, the price needs to be reasonable in relation to the speed of charge.” While average petrol pump prices fell by 1.7 percent in January to 148.80 pence per litre, the cost per mile of running a petrol car came to 14.21 pence per mile (p/mile). READ MORE: Cyclists slam Highway Code changes for not making roads safer EV drivers exclusively using peak rate charge or flat rate rapid and ultra-rapid chargers will lose out, but most will only use rapid charging as a top-up on long journeys or peak charging rates if there are few alternatives. At the end of January 2023, there were 37,851 electric vehicle charging points across the UK, across 22,355 charging locations. This represents a 31 percent increase in the total number of charging devices since January 2022, according to the latest data from Zap-Map. Various price differences still exist, with slow charging at peak hours costing an average of 16.18p per mile. In comparison, charging at peak times using an ultra-rapid (more than 101kW) only costs 16.63p per mile. As part of the data, the AA analysed 18 charge point providers accounting for more than 12,000 devices around the UK. All of the average prices are based on the pay-as-you-go options, without connection fees. There has been a trend in recent months of charge point operators and car manufacturers unveiling pricing plans to incentivise customers.