Reece Donnelly, who left The Apprentice in last week's episode after a decision was made off-screen, thinks he knows exactly who would replace Lord Sugar as the head of the entrepreneur competition. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the former contestant explained how Alan's aide Karren Brady should be the next to "sit in the chair" of the BBC programme. Last week's episode saw the teams heading to Dubai with the aim of selling corporate tours. After being seen only at the start of the instalment, Reece was absent for the rest of the show and Alan later explained he had left the process. It was later revealed "health reasons" were behind Reece's departure. Chatting after he left the show, he shared Karren could take over from Lord Sugar in the boardroom. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments She has starred in the series since 2009, acting as the business magnate's eyes and ears throughout the episodes. "Personally, I love Karren Brady," Reece commented. "I think for me, if Lord Sugar was ever to decide that he's had enough, it should be her that sits in that chair. "She works as hard as we do. She's on every task, and she genuinely cares about the candidates. "She cares about who's going to win but, you know, sometimes you do get that side eye from Karren and you think, 's***, maybe I've got myself in a bit of bother here.'" Karren is a close friend of Alan's, and is equally as demanding of the contestants, so perhaps she would make the perfect replacement. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press last month, Karren described her closeness with Alan. While they have their differences, Karren said they "really enjoy" working together. "I love helping young people, all the things Alan's passionate about I am too," the 53-year-old stated. DON'T MISS... EastEnders fans 'work out' major Lola twist as co-star quits role [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson told farm won't get special treatment [LATEST]BBC backlash as Nina Warhurst fails to apologise after MP swears [VIDEO] "But actually, we have a lot of fun, right? We're all good friends. "We've spent a lot of time together, on and off the screen so to speak. "And [with] Alan, I always say friendship first, football second - because we both have different teams - and politics last because we have different parties, or we used to. "So we have a lot of fun. We really enjoy it. And it's like all friends coming together and just having a good time and having a lot of fun." Reece's sudden exit left fans of the show scratching their heads last week. During the boardroom meeting, Alan, 75, stated: "As you know, Reece wasn't able to take part in the task and he has subsequently left the process." Moving on quickly, Alan turned his focus to the outcome of the tasks. It has since been reported but not confirmed Reece was booted off the series after getting drunk on the flight to Dubai. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.