Rangers star Fashion Sakala has opened up on the time incorrect social media reports claimed he had been shot dead in Zambia. Late last year, publications from Sakala’s homeland reported on Twitter that the striker had been tragically killed. Sakala has revealed that he was at home in Glasgow when the rumour emerged. The 25-year-old instantly knew something was wrong when Rangers’ head of security called and was breathing ‘differently’ down the phone. He then found out about the reports from Zambia and allayed all fears by saying he was alive and was cooking at home. Sakala then had a call from his agent. Reflecting on the incident, Sakala reveals he found the situation amusing. However, he is unsure where the reports first originated from. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp shuts down reporter after interrupting question “I received a call from Gavin, the security person at the club, and his breathing was very different. I was like: ‘what’s going on?!’,” Sakala told the Scotsman. “He asked: ‘are you Fashion?’ and I was like: ‘yeah.’ He said: ‘I just saw something on Twitter saying you were dead!’ I was like: ‘no, I’m still alive. I’m cooking.’ He said: ‘okay, we will speak later’. “Immediately, my manager called me asking if I was okay. I said I was okay and he said: ‘I saw something saying you were dead.’ I said: ‘We will talk later, I’m good.’ “I was very surprised. It was funny, but people always have the time to write things. This is not the first time. I’ve had a lot of stories in my own country saying ‘he’s had an accident, he’s dead. He and his wife are dead. I don’t know if they are wishing us dead. “I don’t know if it was people from Glasgow who wrote it or people from Zambia, because I’ve had it in my own country before.” DON'T MISS...Bukayo Saka to climb above eight Arsenal stars with only one paid moreMan Utd and Arsenal handed tough ties after Europa League last-16 drawSpanish press slam Barcelona after 'nightmare' Man Utd defeat Rangers face Celtic in the Scottish Cup Final on Sunday afternoon. Sakala has scored just once in seven appearances in the Old Firm, losing three games and winning only two. Having joined Rangers from Oostende in 2021, Sakala has already learned a lot about the Old Firm Derby. He admits playing against Celtic makes Rangers players want to ‘hurt’ their opponents. He continued: “When you play against Celtic it is a different game. You just want to hurt them! I don’t know what is the right word to use. We just want to see our fans happier than their fans. “We just want to hurt them, to make them angry. It is more than a game. I don’t know what else to call it. But you are always thinking about being better than them. That’s the same attitude we are going with on Sunday.” FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.