Lando Norris could push for a move out of McLaren over fears the team could fall further into the midfield in 2023. Sky Sports F1 commentator David Croft has suggested the British team could “slip back” on last year’s performance after a difficult test in Bahrain. Norris appeared dejected when speaking to reporters on Friday and suggested McLaren may not be competitive until his deal ends in 2025. When asked if Norris’ comments could be a nod to other teams to secure his services, Croft suggested he could be looking for an exit route. Croft explained: “I think he might be. McLaren were playing down expectations before we came to Bahrain. The story is McLaren might just have slipped back even further as we start the season and that’s a worry for Lando.” McLaren have been unimpressive in Bahrain with Norris and Oscar Piastri failing to trouble the top of the timesheets. The British manufacturer’s long runs have also taken a dent due to issues with the car’s wheel brow. READ MORE: 'I'm not patient' - Lando Norris opens up on McLaren future Engineers had to work on the car in the garage on Thursday afternoon while their run programme was again limited on Saturday morning. Team boss Zak Brown raised fears in the camp after admitting they were behind on their projected goals It left Norris in a reflective mood as he hinted McLaren’s problems could continue well into the future. Norris added: “We weigh up every possibility and there’s always a possibility it takes longer than my contract but I don't think that’s a talking point for me at the minute. “I'm not the most patient guy but at the same time I'm very happy with the work, the plans and the development the team are doing.” McLaren fell behind Alpine in the Constructors' Championship last season. DON'T MISSLando Norris in F1 testing incident that almost led to Ferrari crash [INSIGHT]Lando Norris backed to get better of new team-mate Oscar Piastri [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner and Zak Brown eyeing mega engine partnership [COMMENT] But, the iconic team could face a larger threat from Aston Martin in 2023 with the fellow British squad making a promising start to the season. Haas also appears confident while Williams are thought to be enjoying one of their best test weeks for years. It leaves McLaren at risk of falling away from P4 in the teams’ standings if they can't extract performance from the new machine. Norris added: “I guess we have what we have now. We have some better stuff coming, It's always the game in Formula One how quickly you can find something new. “Whether we are a second and a half off, whatever the gap is to the top. Although it can be many small things it's never going to be something tiny of course we need to try a lot of things.”