AstraZeneca’s choice to base its new £320million factory in Ireland instead of its original plans for the UK will become the first of many such news stories. Seven months ago, Jeremy Hunt was among those against a corporation tax rise, indeed he was publicly calling for the exact opposite during his leadership campaign.  His preferred tax rate then? 15 percent, the lowest of any major economy. Hunt has gone through a Damascene conversion from a low-tax Tory to a high tax Chancellor. So, what has prompted the Prime Minister and his Chancellor to make what many consider to be a reckless and unsupported tax rise? What is their reasoning for the first corporation tax rise in the United Kingdom since Labour’s Denis Healey in 1974? Back in 2021, when the rise was first announced, Sunak claimed that it was “fair and necessary to ask [businesses] to contribute to our recovery” after pandemic support. This is pure nonsense, businesses were already contributing: before, during and after the pandemic. Aside from instances of fraud, that money was going to employees and the normal churn of business. From that, a large part will simply return straight to the government’s coffers through pre-existing tax. The official line from the OBR is that this tax rise will raise £18billion. This is a wildly optimistic figure with no hard facts to back it up.  What are the actual facts surrounding the UK’s corporation tax rates? Between 2010 and 2017, corporation tax fell by 9 percent. According to Sunak and Hunt’s current logic, this should have reduced our tax take. What actually happened? The tax take doubled; from £31.7bn to £62.7bn. What this duo are doing is incredibly irresponsible and will undoubtedly lead to reduced income for the government. Hunt and co claim that they “can’t afford” to avoid an increase to corporation tax. The truth is the exact opposite. We can’t afford an increase in corporation tax. AZ is a high-profile company, one that was lauded as a great UK success story during the pandemic. It clearly stated the PM’s tax plans were the reason for it pulling out of its UK expansion plans. This should have been a death knell for those plans. A PM and Chancellor who claim to be safe pairs of hands for the economy – driving away businesses and investment. Let’s consider this proposed corporation tax rate of 25 percent. That is 3 percent higher than the EU average, 4 percent higher than the US. So much for being a business-friendly, internationally competitive nation that we voted for in 2016. It is only 1 percent lower than the crazed economic policies Jeremy Corbyn campaigned for in 2019 which were soundly rejected by the British public. Let me make this plain, the British public voted against a corporation tax increase in the last election when they returned a whopping 80-seat majority for the Conservative Party. Conservative members elected Liz Truss, who vowed to uphold that manifesto commitment, to replace Boris Johnson last year. Instead, we have a Prime Minister enacting policy that is unsupported by the public, unsupported by his party’s members and unsupported by the economic data. The Prime Minister and his Chancellor need to reconsider their position, and they need to do it fast. The country and the Conservative Party cannot afford them to make such a clear mistake. 