Former ISIS bride Shamima Begum does not deserve to be allowed back into the UK, Nile Gardiner is insisting as he claimed it would be 'insanity' to do so. Speaking on Dan Wootton’s GB News show tonight, Mr Gardiner and fellow guest, Jeni Barnett, discussed their views on Britain’s notorious Jihadi bride who lost an appeal against her UK citizenship being revoked this week. On the programme, Dan referenced left-wing commentator Owen Jones, who posted his thoughts on YouTube, saying: “Bring Begum home, try her here and find out exactly what happened and stop it from happening again, that is the reasonable position, I think to have.” Dan asked Mr Gardiner, a former aide to Margaret Thatcher, if he thought it was “reasonable” to bring Begum back to Britain? Mr Gardiner responded by saying he believed holding that view was akin to living in some kind of “parallel universe”. He said: “It’s insanity, I think, to suggest that she has the right to British citizenship still, that she has the right to return to the United Kingdom. She belongs, frankly, in the Syrian camp where she is right now. “She has betrayed her own country, she ran off to join a brutal monstrous Islamist terrorist organisation, this idea of bringing her back to the United Kingdom is complete and utter folly I think.” Nile said the idea of repatriation of Shamima Begum was “offensive” to the victims of ISIS and terrorism. Commenting on historic clips of Keir Starmer criticising the removal of her citizenship in 2019, Nile said the Labour leader was a complete “flip flopper”. READ MORE: 'Russia WILL lose and it will be catastrophe for Putin': Experts predict Ukraine triumph He said: “Not long ago, of course, he was defending the right of jihadists to come back to the United Kingdom. “Do we want to have these Islamic jihadists running around the UK posing a security threat, we certainly do not.” Nile said “decisive” and “firm” action had to be taken against those who have betrayed their country. Actress and broadcaster Jeni Barnett said she thought it was the “humane” thing to bring Begum back to the UK. She said governments who allowed jihadis to return were recognising the “human rights” of those individuals and their “responsibility” as the country of origin. She said: “We (the UK) are not doing that. Everybody deserves to have somebody stand up and their behalf and fight for them, who is going to do it for this girl?” Jeni said Begum should not be “wandering around in a north Syrian camp” as “She’s 23”. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will leave home despite Charles' eviction bid