Residents who live in a city's road which they claim is the most-neglected in the UK have likened it to a 'Third-World slum' and have spoken out about the piles of rubbish, huge 10ft wide potholes and burnt-out cars blighting its streets. Speaking to the Mirror a resident, who lives near Crawford Street, Birmingham, said: “It makes this city look exactly like its stereotype it has been trying so hard to shake. “Yet here we in modern Britain living next to a Third World slum. “I saw it described as the most neglected street in the city, but I'd go one step further than that and say it's the most neglected street anywhere in the country. “All you have to do is walk down it and you'll see why. It's disgraceful really. The council have had years to act and it just gets repeatedly overlooked.” READ MORE: There is a long list of better uses of £60, says JOE VENTRE  Birmingham City Council has received complaints about Crawford Street since 2018, but local residents say very little has changed. Community activist Gerry Moynihan, 50, told the Mirror: “The council have been neglecting the street since 2018. It is often used by residents as a short cut into the city centre. “I think the council believe it will cost a lot of money to fix and so they are just ignoring the problem. I would estimate it would cost the council around £600,000 to fix the street up as it is an old Victorian road and would need completely rebuilding. “The potholes are hardly potholes but more like craters. They are a foot deep, 10-foot wide and are crater-like especially when they are filled with water.” A spokesperson for the council said: “We are working hard to improve the condition of the city's roads and carry our regular inspections. “We aim to clear fly-tipping within two working days, but white goods can take up to 14 days. If we have evidence we will prosecute.” As well as impacting the local area, activists say debris such as burnt out cars can have a detrimental impact on air quality, increasing air pollution. There are growing efforts in Birmingham to tackle air pollution and noise.  