Leaving the workforce is a big step, and many find it difficult to adjust to a new life without the roles and responsibilities a job often provides. This was the case for Julie Wade, 59, who spoke to Express.co.uk about how she found a new lease of life through a side hustle which excites her. Previously, Ms Wade enjoyed a fast-pace career, working as a senior manager at John Lewis, in a variety of roles, but soon found it was time to enjoy a slower pace of life and retire. However, she soon found she wasn’t comfortable doing nothing and decided to look for ways to fill her time, coming across Homesitters Ltd. Ms Wade said: “Sometimes when you retire early, you lose a sense of purpose. “I read an article in a magazine about a couple home sitting in the UK and abroad. I’ve always loved to travel, but never really explored my own country. READ MORE: 700,000 people may be due state pension back payments “So, I thought it sounded like a nice adventure! That’s what prompted me to look into it a bit more.” Ms Wade explained how she is a traveller at heart, having explored India, Australia and other countries across Asia. As a result, she is comfortable being away from home and said the side hustle suits her personality while offering help to others. She continued: “Without someone looking after the pets and securing the house, the clients may not have that peace of mind, and might not feel as comfortable going off and doing their thing. “I have no desire to go back to work, but I’m happy to be the security in the background to help people carry on with their lives. “I’m a walker, so I’ve spent some time on lovely walks and exploring a new area, and then time looking after the house.” READ MORE: Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy Ms Wade stressed this is not a suitable opportunity for those looking for a full-time replacement role, but it could provide an experience for those looking for something new to do. It might be especially interesting to the many Britons who are animal lovers. She added: “You can’t live off homesitting. But it provides a little bit of extra money, and helps people who want to escape the rat race. You never know where you’re going to be next, and it really just gives that sense of change and difference. “You also get attached to the animals. I got attached to two labradors, and when I got home, I really did miss them! I’ve gone back, and have another homesit booked in the future, because the client has requested me to come back - we’ve built up a good relationship. “If you’re a pet lover, I’d say that it is perfect. You get to look after other people’s animals, even if you don’t have them yourself. “I’ve had lots of different animals across my lifetime. You might not want to take care of a dog if you’ve never had one before. You could, but it would be a learning curve.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Homesitting offers people the chance to explore different surroundings and have unique experiences. Ms Wade now has new placements booked in London and by the coast, and is looking forward to making more memories. She added: “All of it is exciting, really! I’ve been to a manor house, which was absolutely stunning and it was complete with rolling acres of ground. “I slept in a four-poster bed, and the long drive up to the house was incredible. It was an amazing experience - my best yet. But there’s always an interesting experience on offer! I’d really recommend it for people who want a new adventure, and the chance to meet new people. “I’ve found a role that allows me to balance adventure, time with my family, and time at my own home.” There are various other benefits to homesitting for a person who wishes to consider this as a side hustle. Unlike many other side hustles, while home sitting does require a level of care and attention, no experience or training is needed. If a person is trustworthy, responsible, and good with pets, they should be able to start homesitting right away. In a similar sense, unlike starting one’s own business, there are no upfront costs or investments. People will not need to purchase any equipment or uniforms like they may have to do with another role, keeping costs low. Homesitting can also be convenient for those who follow this path, as it can allow a person to work from the comfort of someone else’s home. While homesitters do have roles and responsibilities, they could even be able to complete remote tasks while they look after a home. In addition, people do not have to worry about the stresses and strains of a working day, including commuting or finding somewhere to park. Homesitters Ltd. state they recruit fit and active, mature and responsible people for occasional opportunities, and individuals can apply through the organisation’s website.