The kitchen is the heart of the home and is also one of the most expensive aspects of a home when it comes to renovation. A new kitchen can be expensive and a lot of work, however, a well-presented kitchen can add as much as 10 percent to the value of a property. With this in mind, a kitchen expert has shared the “key” areas of a kitchen that can add value to your home if you’re looking to sell now or in the future. Dawn Filkins, head of creative at Smile Kitchens exclusively told Express.co.uk that layout, appliance placement, storage and high quality products are the “key” to adding value to your home. Dawn said: “In any kitchen design, a well-planned layout is key. Make sure your kitchen is fit for purpose and designed well. “If you’re doing something unconventional, is it necessary? Does it help you use the kitchen? READ MORE: ‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple “If the answer is no, then maybe consider a different option. For example, whilst a large island may sound desirable at first, it’s important to make sure the space is fit for purpose and that installing a large feature like this doesn’t cause friction.” Another key consideration is appliance placement. Installing a dishwasher into a corner, or having an integrated fridge freezer, for example, might make it difficult to load and access any surrounding cabinetry. However, it’s also worth noting that high quality fitted goods and appliances can make a big difference to the value of your property. Integrated ovens, fridges, freezers and dishwashers can boost the appeal of your home for prospective buyers. DON'T MISSFive ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]Five ‘big mistakes’ made when washing bed sheets [UPDATE]38p item ‘miraculously’ removes ‘impossible’ yellow toilet seat stains [ANALYSIS] Pantries are becoming more popular in homes, especially among those who have a passion for cooking. Pantries are usually an extension of the kitchen either in the form of an extra room or a cupboard. Dawn added: “When it comes to designing a pantry space, functional storage is first and foremost the key element to consider. “For most, curating a pantry that fits perfectly around your lifestyle is a work in progress, but if you’re planning to sell the property it’s important to think about how you can best store basic items in a practical, accessible and aesthetically pleasing fashion, while also taking into consideration the food items shelf-life and frequency of use. READ MORE: ‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Make sure to think about including space for larger standard items such as cereal boxes and pans in the design.” If you’re designing a brand new kitchen, it’s important to consider what will work for prospective buyers, not just yourself. Not considering the practicalities for potential buyers down the line could be a mistake. If you are planning to sell in the near future it is advisable to think about installing a good oven, hob, sink and fridge in the space at a minimum. “This might sound obvious but is often a blind spot for those who aren’t keen cooks and choose to use their kitchen as an entertainment space instead,” Dawn added. Another key consideration is the quality of products. If you’re renovating with the purpose of selling the property immediately it may feel counterintuitive to invest in longevity. Dawn added: “High-quality materials such as painted wooden doors or solid worktops add value, whereas more affordable products such as laminates will ultimately devalue the house. “It is therefore important to find the appropriate balance of investment.”