Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis could move a UK-US trade deal “up on the agenda” as Donald Trump was not the “typical” pro-free-trade Republican, a former White House aide has told Express.co.uk. Mick Mulvaney, who served as Trump’s special envoy to Northern Ireland from May 2020 to January 2021, also suggested the ex-POTUS’ former trade representative Rob Lighthizer made an Anglo-American accord less likely.   The 55-year-old said: “Other Republicans would be more likely [to deliver a US-UK deal] because of the general Republican attitudes towards trade. “Trump was a little more towards the centre when it came to trade. He was not the typical pro-free trade Republican. “Granted that had more to do with the relationships with China and other parts of the world than it did to do with the UK but certainly the hiring of Bob Lighthizer, who I have a great deal of respect for, sends the message we are going to be really, really tough trade negotiators. “Somebody like Nikki Haley or Ron DeSantis may move a UK-US trade deal up on the agenda.” The 45th President voiced support for the UK’s decision to leave the European Union in 2016, later claiming he wanted to sign a “fantastic” post-Brexit trade deal. JUST IN: Biden to fire back at Putin as war of words heats up over Russia's WW3 nuclear threats But a last ditch mini-offer put forward by Lighthizer was rejected by Whitehall amid concerns about the impact on Airbus’ business in the UK. Trump’s protectionist policies, which were also championed by Lighthizer, ensured Washington negotiators were committed to bringing “substantive results” for US consumers, businesses, farmers, ranchers and workers, a US briefing said at the time. Addressing Lighthizer’s previous role in UK-US trade talks, Mulvaney said: "If it's Bob Lighthizer I think it's going to be much more of a challenge to get something done.” Despite Mulvaney’s comments about Haley and DeSantis potentially offering the UK a better relationship than Trump, the two Republicans are yet to have commented on the special relationship in detail. Haley, who formerly served as Trump’s UN Ambassador, officially launched her 2024 campaign last week, saying it is “time for a new generation of leadership”.  READ MORE: Woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann will take DNA test The 51-year-old has recently championed the legacy of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, previously thrown her weight behind the UK’s Brexit “experiment” and lauded the special relationship when meeting Conservative Party heavyweights Liz Truss and Priti Patel. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has not entered the race yet but there is speculation he is mulling over whether to challenge Trump for the conservative crown. DeSantis has been less vocal about the UK but experts have warned he is far from an “Anglophile” when it comes to trade. Despite claiming his former boss was more likely than Biden to sign a free trade agreement, Mulvaney expressed some reservations about the possibility of an Anglo-American accord being passed. “I think a lot of the point is moot as I don’t think Trump is going to win the election,” he said. DON'T MISSChina warns US 'fanning flames' of Ukraine war [LATEST]Hundreds of teens ruin family's home [REPORT]Trump blasts DeSantis in late-night tirade [INSIGHT] Opinion polls suggest Trump is the frontrunner in the Republican primary race, with a recent Big Village survey handing the 45th POTUS a 27-point lead over nearest challenger DeSantis. But it remains to be seen if Trump can defeat Biden in 2024. A Harris Poll survey suggested Trump has a lead of five percent over Biden but a separate Quinnipiac University poll indicated that the 46th POTUS would still win the popular vote. Biden’s administration has not been as outwardly receptive to a UK-US trade deal as compared to his predecessor. The 80-year-old Commander-in-Chief and former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi both put talks in jeopardy amid concerns that the UK Government could tear up the Northern Ireland Protocol. Number 10 later decided to start negotiations with individual states, including with Indiana and North Carolina. But pro-Brexit campaigners cited a UK-US trade deal as a massive benefit of severing ties with the European Union. Ex-UKIP MP Douglas Carswell, who worked on the Vote Leave campaign, even claimed negotiations would be “relatively straightforward”. An Anglo-American accord would likely bring financial reward to businesses on both sides of the Atlantic, with total trade in goods and services between the UK and US exceeding £260billion in the four quarters to the end of 2022’s third quarter. A free trade agreement between the two nations could increase trade by £15billion in the long-term and boost UK workers’ wages by £1.8billion, Whitehall analysis has revealed. Express.co.uk has approached Haley’s spokesperson and the Trump campaign for comment.