Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder have reunited for the first time since their trilogy bout in October 2021. The pair crossed paths in Saudi Arabia ahead of Tommy Fury vs Jake Paul. Despite their fearsome rivalry, both men showed an immense amount of respect for each other as they exchanged pleasantries and even shared an embrace. “Bomb Squad!” shouted Fury as Wilder made his way through a crowd of people. Turning with a gleaming smile on his face, Wilder approached Fury and gave him a hug. “What’s up bro?” said the American. “Yeah, I’m good,” replied Fury as he wrapped his arms around his former foe. The interaction was particularly surprising considering the verbal jabs traded between both men in the past. Ahead of their second contest, two years ago, Wilder accused Fury of cheating his way to victory. Wilder alleged that Fury had tampered with his gloves before the fight in order to put his fist in an improper position and claimed the Brit had also concealed a hard egg-shaped object within his gloves to deal further damage. Wilder also pointed the finger at his own trainer Mark Breland, accusing him of spiking his water and throwing the towel in too early when he was subsequently stopped in the seventh round. Despite meeting the same fate in their trilogy bout, Wilder remains adamant that his adversary had cheated and refused to shake Fury’s hand after their latest outing. MORE BOXING NEWS... Molly-Mae sends gushing message to Fury ahead of Paul grudge match Tyson sends father John stern warning as Tommy fights Paul Molly-Mae sends gushing message to Fury ahead of Paul grudge match Both men have since welcomed the idea of a fourth fight. "I think that there's definitely a chance of a fourth fight again," Wilder told Sky Sports. "Boxing is a business. Many people call it a sport but it's not a sport. "The heavyweight division is very small. I'm still a big fish in the business, especially here in America. As long as we're all in the same division and all still currently fighting, why not? It only can lead to that. With all that being said, it's definitely a possibility." Meanwhile, Fury claimed he would entertain another clash with the Bronze Bomber if they agreed for it to take place in England having previously only fought in the United States. “Now (a fourth Wilder fight) would be amazing here at Wembley again, wouldn't it?” said Fury. “I've been over there (to the United States) three times now. If he wants the fourth fight, he's got to come to England. “Sell out Wembley, break all records again. Wilder is a phenomenal athlete, a phenomenal puncher. Here’s the thing I beat Wilder, some people would say three times, others would say two and a draw, however, you want to look at it. Would people be interested in seeing me and him fight again for a fourth time?”