Among other things, Mr Burns said Chinese leader Xi Jinping "was surprised by the very poor military performance of the Russians. I think surprised also by the degree of Western solidarity and support of Ukraine." If this has any impact on Xi's calculations about blockading or invading Taiwan, the island democracy the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) views as a renegade province, perhaps more interesting was a recent survey by Rasmussen Reports which found that most US voters are willing to commit naval and air power to defending Taiwan but not ground troops. No doubt scarred by the War on Terror, many Americans are wary of putting boots on the ground in a foreign land, even though a conflict involving China would be on a scale not seen by Americans since the 1940s. This comes amid warnings that a move on Taiwan is imminent, with senior figures within the US pointing to the next few years, while senior voices in Japan and Taiwan seem to view 2027 - the date of the next CCP congress - as the date to watch.To return to Mr Burns' point, it is worth remembering one major reason why Russia has been held back in Ukraine is because the West has thrown the kitchen sink at the war. Indeed, concerns have been raised about the US running low on some ammunition and anti-aircraft missiles. According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), when it comes to the Javelin missile, at the recent production rate of around 1,000 per year, it will take 12.5 years to rebuild the inventory to a pre-war level. At an accelerated rate, it will take around 6.5 years.  Whatever else, this offers the CCP - which can call upon a much larger industrial base than the US, thanks to years of Western outsourcing - a window of opportunity when it comes to Taiwan, even if the experience of Ukraine has shown a united democratic front which, one assumes, would be replicated by the US and its Asia-Pacific allies over Taiwan. But this also represents a window of opportunity for Xi. Japan is re-militarising and Taiwan is readying itself, but these things take time.Mr Burns also said "we need to take very seriously Xi's ambitions with regard to ultimately controlling Taiwan". However, he added that while "President Xi has instructed the PLA, the Chinese military leadership, to be ready by 2027 to invade Taiwan", this did not "mean that he's decided to invade in 2027 or any other year as well." The CIA Director went on: "I think our judgment at least is that President Xi and his military leadership have doubts today about whether they could accomplish that invasion. I think as they've looked at Putin's experience in Ukraine, that's probably reinforced some of those doubts as well."  The questions then revolve around whether the CCP feels its military capabilities are superior to Russia's, whether the CCP believes the West would be as unified over Taiwan as over Ukraine, what sanctions the CCP believes would be applied to Beijing (the same Rasmussen Reports survey found nearly 4 out of 5 likely voters would support economic sanctions on China), and what advantages or disadvantages China would face in blockading or invading the island democracy as opposed to what Moscow faced in Ukraine.China probably assumes its capabilities are equal to or better than Russia's, even without the degree of combat experience the Russian military had, with a huge industrial base and the world's biggest military to fall back upon (even at the risk of millions of only-children dying in a war). That said, the CCP is likely aware the US and its Asia-Pacific allies will be as unified over Taiwan as over Ukraine. While taking Taiwan is viewed as critical by Beijing in order to break through the 'first island chain' and dominate its backyard, the stakes are just as high for the US and its allies.At this stage, however, Beijing likely doubts the West would be in a position to apply the kind of sanctions which have been applied to Russia to China given how interconnected the Chinese and Western economies are. Then again, we are back to the window of opportunity since moves to 'decouple' are ongoing, as demonstrated by the Biden Administration's ban on semiconductor exports to China. This, however, will all take time. Therefore, if China sits on its hands over Taiwan, the moment could be lost.  Moving on Taiwan comes with advantages and disadvantages as opposed to Ukraine. Taiwan is more than 16 times smaller than Ukraine, and being an island, it will be harder to get equipment in or get people out, whereas Ukraine has land borders for both. On the other hand, Taiwan will be difficult for the PLA to launch a maritime invasion of, given the nature of its terrain and the fact the Taiwan Strait can be tough to cross. Taiwan's terrain could be very difficult for the PLA to simply blast through.For this reason, the PLA could start with an aerial and maritime blockade, choking the import-dependent Taiwan into submission, and - given that most of Taiwan's population, ports and airports are on the west coast facing the Chinese mainland - this could be a logical first step in subduing Taiwan while preventing US supplies from getting in. However, such a blockade would likely be viewed as an act of war by Washington, and any attempt to break the blockade could spark a wider conflict.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In a sense, the reaction to then-US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taiwan last year demonstrated what a blockade could look like, while incursions into Taiwan's air defence identification zone continue.Finally, it is worth appreciating that Chinese state media has never stopped telling the Chinese people that Russia is both winning and justified in Ukraine. Therefore - coupled with a constant stream of propaganda telling Chinese people that China will be unified with Taiwan - the loss of face of not making a move on Taiwan could be too much for the CCP. We saw something similar with the abrupt end of the 'zero COVID' policy - whatever loss of face Beijing felt it would endure over changing policy was dwarfed by the loss of face for China in having ongoing protests which it was struggling to control. Those who point to 2049 - the anniversary of the creation of Communist China and a date when Xi Jinping would be 96 - are likely looking too far ahead. The CCP has a much narrower window of opportunity if it is going to move on Taiwan. 