Using the right makeup products and techniques can make you look younger but youthful-looking skin starts with good skincare. While dryness can affect any part of the face, sensitive areas like the lips and eyes are particularly prone to becoming dehydrated. Struggling to keep skin supple and moisturised in the colder months is a daily struggle for people with mature complexions, though it can be easily done with a few simple remedies - and they don't have to cost a fortune. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, consultant dermatologist Dr Eva Melegh explained that Like the seasons, skincare routines should change with the weather - and even more so for mature skin. She said: "As the temperature drops towards winter and the humidity in the air does too so it becomes drier. Low humidity outside combined with central heating inside too often leads to drier, redder, itchier and flakier skin due to accelerated transepidermal water loss (TEWL), especially if you are older." While using a more heavy-duty moisturiser on your face is one way to boost the texture of your skin in the winter, the dermatologist noted that eyes and lips require closer attention - not just "thicker" creams. Eva added that using items that are "too heavy" can actually worsen dry skin concerns by "adding to puffiness". READ MORE: Americans 'find Meghan Markle phoney, contrived and overdramatic'    She said: "Look for lighter formulations to wear under cosmetics that address dryness as well as itching and irritation like the Hydrosil Dry Eye Gel, which contains a natural plant steroid to reduce itching, redness and inflammation, while also offering moisturisation." If you're looking for a multipurpose product, Abi Weeds, founder of 100 percent natural, organic beauty brand Odylique noted that a moisturiser containing a good balance of light plant oils can double as a daily eye cream. She told Express.co.uk that pure rose petal water is "excellent for the eye area due to its calming, rehydrating and toning qualities". Apply it either as a light spray to closed eyes or on damp cotton pads. Overnight is when winter skin becomes most dehydrated due to internal heating, so just a single night skincare product is often not sufficient for dry mature skin during winter. DON'T MISS...No7 skincare product shoppers say 'reduces wrinkles' in Boots sale [DEALS]Follow my nine future-proof tips and you'll stay looking young [INSIGHT]Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil [REVEAL]     Dr Eva explained: "Healthy skin barrier function is the key to keeping moisture locked in but dryness and inflammation are the two things that weaken skin barrier function the most. Skin prebiotics are like fuel for skin barrier function and help to keep it teaming with good skin bacteria that keep it more robust against wintry elements. "For mature winter skin, prebiotics are more helpful than probiotics as they are the nutrients the skin barrier needs to stay hardy. Look for products that feel good skin flora."  With a good skincare routine, the results will be almost instant when it comes to the feeling of the skin under your eyes. Eva noted that actively moisturised skin should "still be flexible and comfortable by morning and not dry or tight". When it comes to keeping your lips plump and hydrated, consistency is key for quick results. The dermatologist explained: "Chapped and cracks can appear quickly which can immediately trigger a cold sore outbreak if you are in the 50 percent of the population that carries the cold sore herpes simplex virus. READ MORE: Makeup expert shares mascara tips that will 'reduce signs of ageing' "Mature lips are also more prone to cold sore outbreaks than younger lips. The key to preventing cold sores is to always keep lips extra lubricated and flexible during winter, by using natural perfume and colour-free lip balm preferably with natural cold sore-fighting ingredients in it." A simple petroleum jelly formula simply won't cut it for dehydrated skin types so Eva recommended looking for specific ingredients. She recommended the Lip Q Liquorice Balm, which contains a naturally concentrated extract of liquorice root and is approved by the Herpes Virus Association.  Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, skin specialist Jane Scrivner agreed that targeted treatments are better than using any old balm. She said: "For dry, cracked, sore lips you need a lip balm with emollient and occlusive properties that will smooth and soothe the surface of the skin and lock in moisture. Look for products containing lanolin or beeswax and vitamin E. Apply your lip balm before leaving the house and a thick layer at night like an overnight lip mask." For long-term results, adopting a few moisture-locking habits can significantly improve the appearance of dry, mature skin. One way to do this is to use plain natural yoghurt as skincare. Jane explained: "If your skin is feeling dry, irritated and inflamed then you can give yourself a DIY face mask just using yoghurt. When applied topically to the skin will provide skin softening, soothing and cleansing benefits as it is mildly acidic and contains vitamin E which is pro-collagen and balances the pH of the skin.” Other beneficial habits you can try are to avoid licking your lips when they feel dry and to hold off sipping boiling hot drinks until tey have cooled down. 