The episode saw The Apprentice candidates heading to Dubai to sell corporate tours, but the candidate was noticeably absent from the show. Towards the end of the instalment of the hit BBC show, Alan Sugar announced Reece had left the process. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Reece detailed his exit and mentioned the toll the "demanding" show had taken on him.  Before the post-task boardroom meeting began, Alan informed the remaining candidates that Reece wouldn't be returning to the competition, stating: "As you know, Reece wasn't able to take part in the task. "And he has subsequently left the process." Moving on quickly, Alan turned his focus to the outcome of the tasks. His fellow teammates appeared shocked by the news as they glanced surprisingly at each other. It comes weeks after Shannon Martin decided to walk out of the process during a task. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered In week two, Alan was preparing to hear all about how the task had gone, when Shannon politely interrupted him. "If I may," she began. "I have made the decision, the difficult decision to leave the process, unfortunately, I just don't feel like this is the environment for me. "I want to say a massive thank you for giving me this opportunity." The business magnate responded: "Okay. That's your decision, thank you for coming and I wish you all the best for the future." Speaking to press ahead of Thursday's show, Reece addressed his decision to leave early. "It's just health reasons," he clarified. "I think where it's really difficult is its a very demanding show. "And unfortunately, I had to listen to my body on this occasion. "You know, I made the big, bold decision to leave the process." DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star ‘absolutely gutted’ after making ‘fatal error’ [EXCLUSIVE]Coronation Street's Stephen could kill family member next says co-star [SPOILER]EastEnders history to repeat itself as Sharon makes huge decision [LATEST] He continued: "It's not the ending that I had prepared for. "I thought I would be standing there shaking Alan's hand accepting the £250,000. "But as I say, sometimes you need to listen to your body and that's all I am going to say on it, but I had an amazing experience and I've made pals for life." Reece had come close to being fired just a couple of weeks before, during a cartoon-creating task. Reece had confidently put himself forward as project leader, but his team lost by a long stretch. The cartoon they had created was deemed "patronising" and Reece struggled to defend it during the tense talks in the boardroom. However, Lord Sugar decided to fire Gregory Ebbs for not contributing enough to the task. Reflecting on the moment, Reece admitted he was close to "booking a flight back to Glasgow". The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.