Claudie recently joined Alan Titchmarsh for his ITV show Love Your Weekend to discuss her time on the series. Talk later turned to her previous work which includes starring alongside Martin Clunes in ITV's Manhunt, where she played his wife Louise. Claudie touched on the challenges that working on a drama based on a true story has, as Alan asked: "It is always something difficult. "When something is a true story you feel a certain degree of responsibility to the people concerned, depending on which side of the law they have fallen, do you feel that pressure?" Claudie explained: "Yeah, and I suppose, it was about Millie Dowler's case and we were filming, they [cast] were predominantly.? "I was more in the set house, but the [cast], it was very delicate because they were in locations that Millie was and it had to be very sensitively dealt with. READ MORE: Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity "But Martin was at the helm and his whole production, they are all fantastic, and yeah I played his wife." A clip of the series played, before coming back to the studio and Alan exclaimed: "Ooh powerful stuff. She isn't just waiting at home!" Claudie added: "Yeah she was a police officer as well so it was nice to play such a strong character." "And to work with Martin! Martin is a regular in here," Alan praised with a smile across his face. Knowing what it was like to work with Martin, Claudie teased: "He is horrible isn't he." Going along with the joke, Alan recalled: "Awful man, his face is there whilst you are trying to do a piece to camera. "He puts a cushion on his head and your thinking 'ignore him, ignore him'. Claudie laughed and exclaimed: "Oh he is so naughty, so giggly and fun. DON'T MISS...Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [INSIGHT]The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’  [WATCH]Chris Evans addresses ‘quitting' TV in career announcement  [LATEST] "[He's] on it and that is the best you know, he is so generous and honest and a brilliant actor but yeah we talked a lot, about animals. "Our love for animals and had a laugh which was great." In the latest episode of the BBC series, titled The Royal Visit, things went awry in Kembleford when a school caretaker was found dead ahead of Princess Margaret (Olivia Benjamin) opening the library. Many of Kembleford’s residents were hoping the visit would help them with the mayor feeling it would boost his political ambitions. Father Brown’s script editor Claire Russell said The Royal Visit was her favourite episode: “I said, ‘It's got to be Princess Margaret!’ “I love Princess Margaret. She was the sexy, rebellious one. "We’re bringing Princess Margaret to Kembleford for a library opening with brass bands. That's really fun.” Father Brown series 10 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.