Derek Mathewson, 71, has drawn a legion of fans with his family-run car auction series. The frontman has reportedly grown close to his co-star Vicki Ivens. Derek has also appeared on the series with his wife Sue, 71, in a number of episodes that aired on the Yesterday Channel. According to reports, Derek and Vicki grew increasingly close during filming. He is said to have separated from his wife Sue and has since fallen for Vicki Ivens, 45, who worked in the office and appeared in several episodes of the show. Derek is now said to spend his evenings at Vicki's home after she split from her husband. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' Vicki is said to have left her other half of 20 years, Nicholas, and is now said to be working at a local theme park. A source told The Sun: “Vicki told her husband in September last year that she was in love with Derek. She said it was as friends — like a dad thing. “But last month, Sue turned up at Nicholas’s house with a list of phone numbers. “He checked his bill and there were about 180 calls between them in three weeks.   "He confronted Vicki and she said she was glad he’d found out and was pleased she didn’t have to lie anymore. "She kept saying it was nothing to do with Derek but it’s become apparent it’s all to do with him.” Vicki and Nicholas, in his early 50s, have since divorced. Both Derek and Vicki declined to comment when approached for comment by the publication.  Derek's representatives also declined to comment when approached by Express.co.uk. Starting in 2018, there have now been seven series of the hit Yesterday Channel show. In 2022 it spawned its own spin-off in the form of Bangers & Cash: Restoring Classics. The documentary series follows the Mathewsons’ classic car auctioneer business, which is based in the village of Thornton-Le-Dale in the North York Moors National Park. The weekly show has an average viewing figure of more than 500,000 per episode. Derek is joined by his co-stars Paul and Dave Mathewson who are on hand to share their advice and observations on the variety of different jobs, which include a 1980s Vauxhall Astra GTE, an MG Montego Turbo with its engine in the boot, and a rare Lotus Elan S1 that hadn't seen a road for 47 years. The show has become a big hit with car lovers across the country. Bangers & Cash is available to watch on UKTV player.