Maya Jama, 28, was credited by fans for looking “radiant” while fronting Love Island: Aftersun, despite having a busy weekend with hosting duties at the BRIT Awards 2023. The star responded to a sweet compliment from an ITV2 viewer on Twitter, who had praised Maya and her team for coping incredibly well with the hectic TV schedule. Sharing a snap of Maya while tuning into the Love Island spin-off show, Twitter user Natalie Brereton penned: “Obsessed with @MayaJama Cling clinging at The BRITS last night & hosting her own after party & then tonight looking like a radiant honey on #LoveIsland . “Her & her team are KILLING IT!” Maya was quick to candidly credit “the glam team and my ADHD” for her on-screen “energy”, in response to the fan. Writing back in view of her 695,000 followers last night, Maya addressed the condition. READ MORE... Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits She penned alongside a crying with laughter and love heart emoji: “Honestly big up the glam team an my adhd because I would not have the energy or Lewksss without them.”  Natalie, who had praised Maya, promptly replied: “Love you!!”  Twitter user Louise then shared her surprise over Maya’s ADHD remark.  She responded: “You have ADHD? Me too! “I always thought you had that extra sparkle. It’s a blessing in disguise sometimes..” Another Maya fan added: “Gorgeous and one in a million we cannot love you enough.” Express.co.uk has contacted Maya’s representatives for comment. According to the NHS website, Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a condition that affects people's behaviour. DON'T MISS:Rihanna confirms pregnancy just nine months after son's birthStacey Dooley addresses Kevin Clifton's three failed marriagesHolly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress The website adds that people with ADHD can seem restless, may have trouble concentrating and may act on impulse.  It comes after Maya made a breathtaking appearance at the BRITs on Saturday, where she presented an award and wowed in two glamorous looks on the red carpet.  The presenter began the night in a figure-hugging black Schiaparelli gown, embellished with gold detailing designed to emulate a rib-cage and leg bones.  Before appearing on stage at London’s O2 Arena, Maya changed into a sparkling silver gown, complete with a cut-out section and a thigh-split. Maya crossed paths with her ex-boyfriend Stormzy, 29, at the event, as he was one of the headliners during the ceremony.  The British rapper performed his hit song Hide & Seek on stage.  The romantic track is widely reported to have been written for Stormzy’s former girlfriend Maya.  Maya and Stormzy dated for four years before confirming their split in 2019.   