Meghan Markle has been tipped to confirm her personal blog, The Tig, will be making a comeback nearly six years after she shut it down. According to royal commentator Kinsey Schofield, the Duchess of Sussex could revive the project in her bid to establish herself as "more than [Prince] Harry's plus one" now they have seemingly exhausted their criticism of the Royal Family. Meghan's business manager renewed the trademark for The Tig as part of a series of filing the Duke and Duchess of Sussex lodged in February 2022. Schofield suggested the Duchess of Sussex could make a special announcement about the return of her lifestyle blog on February 14, a date she noted is very special for the Sussexes. The To Di For podcast creator and host said: "I believe Meghan is planning on relaunching The Tig in February. "Inspired by Gwyneth Paltrow, Meghan launched The Tig at the height of her Suits fame. I think The Tig perfectly aligns with Meghan’s ultimate objective, which seems to be being an influencer rather than a royal. "The Tig' trademark was filed again in February of 2022 by Meghan’s team, with whispers of a February 14, 2023, launch." JUST IN: Body language expert claims to spot Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ She said: "Valentine’s Day is a special date for Meghan as it was the day the Sussexes announced their pregnancy with their daughter Lili. "It was also the day Princess Diana confirmed she was pregnant with Prince Harry." Schofield argued the revival of Meghan's blog could be an attempt from the Duchess of Sussex to "reclaim her identity" after giving up many of her hobbies when she began dating Prince Harry. The expert told Fox News: "Harry and Meghan have told us repeatedly through multiple projects that Meghan gave up everything for Harry.  READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future "Perhaps this is Meghan trying to reclaim her identity, telling the world that she is more than Harry’s plus 1." In February 2022, Express.co.uk found a live trademark filing for The Tig in the official records of the US Patent and Trademark Office. The filing was marked 1B on a "current basis", noting the Duchess, as the current holder of the patent, has "a bona fide intention to use your mark in commerce with your goods and/or services in the near future." The record also appeared alongside the same logo Meghan Markle's former blog used, detailing that the blog was aimed at "providing a website featuring non-downloadable articles, interviews, photographs, and commentary in the field of food, cooking, recipes, travel, relationships, fashion, style, lifestyle, the arts, culture, design, conscious living, and health and wellness”. The Duchess of Sussex was widely committed to her blog, with author Tina Brown noting the Duchess ofter stayed awake after filming her hit drama Suits to update the site. DON'T MISS:US town evacuated as 50-car train accident sparks huge fire [REPORT]Video captures chaotic moment Americans use new roundabout [LATEST]Student victim put up 'fierce fight' against Idaho killer [INSIGHT] Brown wrote in her book The Palace Papers: "She spent the downtime furiously updating The Tig, which she was convinced, not without reason, could emulate the success of Goop, Gwyneth Paltrow’s canny second-act creation of a pampering and wellness e-commerce site, with its $550 healing quartz necklaces. "'Meghan was always talking about Goop,' one of the Suits team told me.” Shaliz Sadig Romano, a co-managing partner of Romano Law, said the wording of the filing suggests Meghan's intention is to revive the blog albeit there is no clear indication as to the schedule of the relaunch. Sadig Romano said: "I don’t think she would go through this trouble of getting all the paperwork together, hiring an attorney, paying the filing fees and going through this process if she doesn’t truly have an intent. "But sometimes people file with an intent and things change, circumstances change. That just reflects reality. "Sometimes people are using a mark, and then after a year, their business doesn’t survive, they sell it or something happens. It is the language – it is a bona fide intent to use the trademark. I would think that if she’s doing this, that is the intent." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews