 Back in 2019, Boris Johnson broke the Brexit deadlock by establishing an effective trade border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. The former Prime Minister also introduced legislation allowing the UK to unilaterally scrap parts of the treaty – a bill he warned his successor not to scrap over the weekend. But what do you think? Was Mr Johnson right to weigh in? Vote in our poll.     In one of his first domestic policy interventions since leaving office last September, Mr Johnson fired a warning shot to his former Chancellor as a deal over Northern Ireland seemed near. Coming into effect in 2021 as part of the withdrawal agreement, the Northern Ireland Protocol guaranteed no hard land border in Ireland. There have, however, been checks on goods travelling to and from Great Britain – an untenable situation for Stormont. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has been negotiating a new deal with the EU. Following reports of a breakthrough over the past few days, a number of senior Conservatives expressed fears of undue concessions being made to Brussels. Mr Johnson urged Mr Sunak not to ditch the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill – saying it would be a “great mistake” to surrender the legislation he introduced that would allow Westminster to alter the deal’s arrangements by itself. READ MORE: Boris slammed for hypocrisy as Sunak challenged to stand up to EU    On Sunday, Leader of the House of Commons Penny Mordaunt told the BBC Mr Johnson’s intervention was not “entirely unhelpful” as it pushed the EU to start “talking about things that previously it said it wouldn't talk about.” The protocol bill is currently paused in Parliament as the EU and UK are locked in talks. After the latest round on Saturday, Mr Sunak said an agreement was “by no means done” and that there remained “challenges to work through”. However, Government sources reportedly expect a vote on the deal in the Commons potentially as soon as Tuesday. So what do YOU think? Was Boris Johnson right to intervene in the Northern Ireland debate? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.   