The "secret's out" as Michelle Keegan has revealed her exciting new Netflix gig. The Coronation Street alum will play a character called Maya Stern in the eight-part thriller Fool Me Once, which is based on the book of the same name by Harlan Coben. It is the eighth adaptation of the author’s work through his on-going creative partnership with the streaming giant. Keegan, who is married to former TOWIE star Mark Wright, announced the news to her 6.4 million Instagram followers by sharing a snap of herself reading the book while relaxing by a swimming pool, sporting a straw hat and cream bikini. She captioned the post: "I’m over the moon to be joining the cast of FOOL ME ONCE, a @netflixuk thriller based on the book by the extremely talented @harlancoben. Here we goooooo … (sic)" Her list of co-stars reads like a who’s who and includes Coben regular Richard Armitage, Ab Fab star Joanna Lumley, former Hollyoaks bad boy Emmett J. Scanlan, and Humans hunk Dino Fetscher. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Fool Me Once follows Keegan's character as she tries to come to terms with the brutal murder of her husband, Joe (played by Armitage). When she installs a nanny-cam to keep an eye on her young daughter, she is shocked to see her supposedly deceased husband in her house. Meanwhile, her niece and nephew are trying to uncover the truth about their mother's murder, several months earlier. As with all Coben’s gripping thrillers there are twists and turns alongside shocking revelations and secrets that change lives forever. In keeping with previous adaptations of the bestselling writers work, such as The Stranger and Stay Close, Fool Me Once relocates the story from the US to the UK. Filming has now begun in Manchester and the Northwest of England and Keegan was spotted on set this week. Her character appears very stylish as she was seen sporting a plaid coat with leopard print lining. Underneath she wore cream jumper and black trousers, while her hair was swept into a messy bun. DON'T MISS...Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [LATEST]Toto Wolff and Max Vertsappen unhappy with F1 Drive to Survive [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 5: Martin Henderson drops huge production update [UPDATE] Keegan has jumped straight into this role after wrapping on series five of Sky's Brassic. On February 3 she took to her Instagram to share photos of cast and crew, including comedian Lee Mack, who grinned inside the back of a van. She captioned the images: "Can’t believe how fast these past 6 months have gone, 6 months filled with chaotic mayhem, freezing cold locations and a whole lot of love & dedication. Feel so lucky to be working on such a special show. "Can’t wait for you guys to see what we’ve been up to.” Her Brassic co-star Mack is currently embroiled in controversy following an incident on last Friday’s Would I Lie to You where he appeared to mock speech impediments. He has been slammed by the charity STAMMA who said in a statement that it was “disheartening to see Lee Mack and the Would I Lie to You crew mock stammering.” The charity’s CEO Jane Powell said “Stammering isn’t a joke, and this isn’t the 70s. “It’s a shame the BBC didn’t see that this was worth editing out.” Harlan Coben’s previous adaptations are available to stream on Netflix now.