Turkish wrestling legend Taha Akgul has issued a plea for "urgent help" on social media after a massive earthquake devastated Turkey and Syria. The earthquake, that registered 7.8 on the Richter scale, struck the major Turkish provincial capital of Gaziantep in the early hours of Monday morning, with more than 1,500 people already confirmed dead and over 6,400 injured. Akgul, who won gold in freestyle wrestling at the 2016 Rio Olympics and bronze at the 2020 Games in Tokyo, has revealed a training base for wrestlers was "demolished" by the earthquake and left wrestlers "under the rubble." And on Instagram, he said there was no time to wait for medical help. "The building where 30-40 of our wrestlers stay in the wrestling club in Kahramanmaraş has also been demolished," he wrote. "Our athletes are under the rubble. We are waiting for urgent help. Help me, my God!" The 32-year-old is also the reigning World and European champion at 125kgs. At the end of last year, United World Wrestling announced him as the 2022 Freestyle Wrestler of the Year after his title-winning performances over the past 12 months. JUST IN: Fears grow over missing ex-Chelsea and Newcastle ace caught up in Turkey earthquake Fears are also growing for another sporting star, former Chelsea and Newcastle Premier League footballer Christian Atsu. The Ghanaian international, who has won 65 caps for his country, plays for Turkish Super Lig club Hatayspor and has reportedly been caught under the rubble of the earthquakes. The official Newcastle United Twitter account posted a picture of Atsu in club training gear, captioning it: "Praying for some positive news." A number of Geordie fans responded with praying hands emojis and messages of support. DON'T MISS:Roger Federer needs 'special condition' to accept BBC Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVENovak Djokovic told close figure is 'a bigger opponent' to him than Rafael NadalNovak Djokovic 'not in the business of scamming' as tennis coach emphatically backs Serb Yeni Malatyaspor goalkeeper Eyup Turkaslan is also reportedly among those trapped underneath the rubble, with his club also posting a photo of the player with the caption: "Our prayers are with you." Speaking at a press conference, Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the earthquake was the country's "largest disaster" since 1939."Everyone is putting their heart and soul into efforts, although the winter season, cold weather and the earthquake happening during the night make things more difficult," he told reporters.