Game of Thrones star Maisie Williams said it was the "end of an era" as she shared the news before stating that they are able to "protect the magic" that the pair radiate. The actress, 25, took to her social media on Friday to make the announcement. Maisie confirmed her split from her boyfriend of five years Reuben Selby after last being pictured with the designer, 25, at Paris Fashion week in October. It comes after fans speculated the couple had parted ways after Maisie shared snaps on her social media account taken on holiday. Meanwhile, Reuben also shared photographs from his own separate holiday with his social media followers. In view of her 9.9 million followers, Maisie penned: "The end of an era. Reuben and I have decided to end our relationship. READ MORE: Radio 2 fans 'gutted' as Ken Bruce says BBC 'want me to leave' now "Since we met 5 years ago, our connection always extended deeply into our shared, and separate, creative careers… and it will continue to do so. "This decision is something we are so grateful for as we can protect the magic, that we can’t help but emit, whenever we put our brains together. "P.s no further questions, please, we must protect our children (my dog)." In a follow-up post, the Game of Thrones actress shared a photo of the former couple together at fashion week.  She captioned the post: "Please don't be sad for us - just appreciate the fits." The couple first went public with their romance in 2019 Maisie and Reuben sparked romance rumours at the start of 2019, after they were spotted strolling around New York City holding hands. She appeared to go relationship official after he accompanied her to Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner's French wedding back in June of that year, posting a photo of them together on Instagram. The news comes after Maisie reflected on her time on Game of Thrones. She made her debut on the hit series as Arya Stark, one of the few characters to survive from the pilot through the series finale spanning all eight seasons. The actress appeared on a live Twitch stream with her brother James Williams, where she admitted that the show, "fell off at the end". She explained that they had "rewatched it all recently," and when her brother asked what she thought, the actress said, "It was... um... it definitely fell off at the end," which caused both siblings to laugh. "But it started really strong," she admitted, adding, "I was heartbroken when Ned died because, for the first time, I could really feel the story." Her character Arya Stark's father Ned Stark (Sean Bean) was considered one of the most honourable men in all of Westeros. But fans were left shocked when new king Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) called for Ned's execution in the ninth episode of Game of Thrones' first season. Maisie said: "For a long time I had to just avoid it because it was too triggering, but now I feel like I've made peace with it all, I guess,' Williams said. "It feels good to be proud of it. It was 10 years of my life."