Tom Brady has shocked the sporting world after announcing his intentions to retire on Wednesday after 23 years in the NFL. Brady, still playing at a strong level despite beign 45 years old, was expected to remain in the league for one more season and was to become a free agent in a few weeks. But the legendary passer has announced that he will walk away from the sport in a move that few expected. In a video posted to his social media pages on Wednesday, Brady said: "Good morning guys, I'll get to the point right away. I'm retiring...for good. I know the process was a pretty big deal last time, so when I woke up this morning I figured I'd just press record and let you guys know first. "I won't be long-winded, I think you only get one super emotional retirement essay and I used mine up last year. Thank you so much to every single one of you for supporting me. My family, my friends, my team-mates, my competitors, I could go on forever, there's too many. Thank you guys, for allowing me to live my absolute dream, I wouldn't change a thing. Love you all." The annoucement comes as a shock to many after Brady decided to retire last off-season, but reversed that call and returned to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for another year, citing that he had 'unfinished business'.  And although his Buccaneers team struggled this past offseason - finishing with a losing record for the first-time in his career - Brady himself showed that he's still capable of playing at an elite level. Set to become a free agent, a number of teams had reportedly shown interest, including the New York Jets, Las Vegas Raiders, Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers. But now, Brady will officially hang up his cleats after 23 seasons, seven Super Bowl's, five Super Bowl MVP's and three regular season MVP's - spending 20 seasons with the New England Patriots and three with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.   Brady will quite comfortably go down as the greatest NFL player of all-time, and could join FOX Sports as quickly as next season to begin his next pahse of his career. He signed a 10-year, $375 million deal to work with the broadcasting team, where he is expected to commentate as well as give post-game and mid-week analysis.