For more than a decade, Tiger Woods was considered the best golfer in the world - but he didn’t achieve that status overnight. It took the American a lifetime of hard work and determination to even make the PGA Tour, let alone to become an all-time great. Woods faced numerous obstacles along the way. Most of them were golf related, but he also had to overcome personal difficulties dating back to his childhood. Before rewriting the history books of the sport, Woods had to overcome a stuttering problem that he had was he was young. Speaking to 60 Minutes in 2006, Woods described it as "getting lost somewhere between the brain and the mouth". He said he worked his tail off to overcome the stuttering. It basically came down to practicing. He recalls taking a class for two years to help him with his stuttering, but in a more obscure way of working on the problem. That challenge became a motivating factor for Woods that pushed him to work harder to achieve his goals - including on the golf course. Woods was able to generate such club speed that he routinely hit drives of more than 300 yards. His booming long game, coupled with his expert putting and chipping and his reputation for mental toughness, made him an intimidating opponent and a popular player among fans. In 1997, he became the first golfer of Asian descent to win the Masters, one of the most prestigious events in the sport. He shot a tournament record 270 over 72 holes and finished 12 strokes ahead of the rest of the field in one of the most dominating performances in the history of professional golf. Two years later and Woods would become the first golfer in more than two decades to win eight PGA tournaments in a year. He then became the fifth player in golf history, and the youngest, to complete the career Grand Slam of the four Major championships: the US Open, the British Open, the US Amateur, and the British Amateur championships. He later won back-to-back Masters titles in 2001 and 2002. In 2005, after a drought of ten winless major tournaments, Woods won the Masters and the British Open. He dominated the tour the following year, winning nine events, including the British Open and the PGA Championship. He defended his title at the latter tournament in 2007 to claim his 13th major championship. Some two months after undergoing knee surgery in 2008, Woods captured his third US Open title in his first tournament back on the tour, completing his third career Grand Slam, a feat matched only by Jack Nicklaus. Despite glistening on the fairways, Woods' life has always been one of extremes and he's been lauded and criticised in equal measure for much of his career. His tremendous talent for his chosen sport has occasionally been in sharp contrast to some of the difficulties which have accompanied him off the golf course. In November 2009, Woods was involved in an early morning one-car accident outside his home in Orlando, Florida. The unusual circumstances of the crash led to a great deal of media scrutiny into his personal life. It was revealed that Woods, who had married Elin Nordegren in 2004, had a number of extramarital affairs. His infidelity, which clashed with his solid-citizen reputation that had helped him earn hundreds of millions of dollars in endorsements over the years, soon became national news. He returned to the sport in April 2010 for the Masters Tournament. Woods finished in the top five at both the Masters and the US Open, his 2010 golf season was a disappointment that included no tournament wins and the worst four-round score of his professional career. In addition, he and Nordegren divorced in August of that year. He later admitted to his addictions to sex and alcohol and decided to admit himself to a rehabilitation clinic to overcome his problems. He notoriously crashed his car into a fire hydrant and a neighbour's tree near his Florida mansion while drunk, with Nordegren smashing the window open with a golf iron to find him unconscious at the wheel. His difficulties on the golf course continued in 2011 as he failed to win an official PGA tournament. That drought finally ended on March 2012, when he won the Arnold Palmer Invitational - it was his first PGA victory in some 30 months. In January 2017, he made his first appearance in a PGA Tour event in 17 months. However, he played in just that tournament before announcing that he would undergo another back surgery that would force him to miss the remainder of the 2017 season. His personal life again came to the forefront in May 2017 when he was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of a combination of sleep and pain medications. He subsequently revealed that he was receiving "professional help" to manage his medication intake. Woods returned to the PGA Tour in January 2018, and he subsequently played a full tour season. He capped off his improbable comeback from his series of potentially career-ending injuries by winning the Tour Championship tournament in September, his first victory in five years. Incredibly, in April 2019, Woods stunned the golfing world by winning the Masters for the first time in 14 years, setting a new record for the longest span between wins in the tournament and becoming at age 43 the second oldest golfer, after Nicklaus, to win a green jacket. Away from the sport, Tiger fans may not know that he was once a practicing Buddhist. After his infidelity, sex addiction and problems with alcohol came to light, Woods made a public apology to the nation, invoked his Buddhist upbringing, and vowed to mend his ways. From the Sunset Room on the second floor of the TPC Sawgrass, home of the PGA Tour, Woods said: "People probably don't realise it, but I was raised a Buddhist, and I actively practiced my faith from childhood until I drifted away from it in recent years. "Buddhism teaches that a craving for things outside ourselves causes an unhappy and pointless search for security. It teaches me to stop following every impulse and to learn restraint. Obviously, I lost track of what I was taught." Woods is also a doting dad to daughter Sam, 15, and son Charlie, 14, whom he shares his ex-wife, Elin. Much like his father, Charlie is a talented golfer and grabbed the world's attention following his performance at the 2020 PNC Championship. The father and son duo shot a staggering 10-under round which included an eagle by Charlie. He hit an unbelievable five wood around 175 yards to within four feet of the flag before rolling in the putt. As they walked off of the green, Tiger proudly said: "That's your first eagle." Charlie has a long way to go to fill the boots of his old man who has won 15 Majors - but he certainly appears on the right track and continues to show glimpses of his sky-high potential. Already in rare air for his accomplishments on the golf course - Tiger also recently reached another impressive feat. Forbes is now estimating that Woods' net worth is at least £820m ($1bn), which would make him one of only three athlete billionaires in the world. Woods joins basketball legends Michael Jordan and LeBron James as the other two athletes. Woods will next play the Genesis Invitational on February, 16-19 at Riveria Country Club. It will be his first PGA Tour event since the 2022 Open Championship. He is the tournament’s host, so it makes sense he will play. Whether or not Woods has what it takes to win another Major is a question for another day. But one thing is for sure. Even without another win under his belt, Woods will forever be remembered as the greatest golfer of all time.