F1 bosses have held “positive conversations” with FIA chiefs amid tension ahead of the new season and apathy from team principals. It comes after president Mohammed Ben Sualyem made remarks about the sport’s valuation. He claimed that a possible £16million ($20m) price tag on a potential Saudi Arabian takeover could be “inflated”. Lawyers from Liberty Media sent a letter to the FIA threatening legal action over the comments. However, the FIA hit back that the sport was only on loan to the commercial rights holder in an incendiary reply. Sky Sports host Craig Slater has now suggested F1 leadership felt Ben Sulayem had made a major “overstep” by making the remarks. He explained: “The FIA, the governing body, does not have a day-to-day commercial role in the running of the sport. F1 subsequently sent a letter to the FIA, making it very plain they thought this was an unacceptable thing for the president of the FIA to do. READ MORE: Christian Horner calls out Ben Sulayem amid uncertainty over Andretti “I can reveal that no reply has come from the FIA to F1 but I can say that positive conversations continue between the two institutions. They are functioning normally as they need to do to keep the sport operating properly. “I’m told there are positive conversations at all levels between those two organisations.” It’s not the first time Ben Sulayem has clashed with F1 and the sport’s drivers amid warnings of a civil war. Ben Sulayem recently confirmed the FIA’s intention to silence the drivers' ability to protest ahead of races in a bid to keep the sport “neutral". Instead, he urged F1’s stars to make gestures on social media and stick to driving on race weekends. DON'T MISSValtteri Bottas claims FIA 'want to control' drivers [INSIGHT]David Coulthard backs FIA decision over new 2023 F1 rule change  [COMMENT]FIA chief Ben Sulayem comes under fire for old sexist comments [ANALYSIS] The remarks have angered many with Valtteri Bottas suggesting the FIA wanted to “control” them. According to German site Sport1, Liberty media wants to ace Ben Sulayem and replace him with former Prodrive boss David Richards. Slater added: “People are still telling me they have issues with the kind of personal style of leadership Mohammed ben Sulayem has at the FIA These are the high-ranking individuals at a number of Formula One teams. So let's see how that develops. “There is still this friction, maybe Mohammed ben Sulayem seems to be gesturing one way and Formula One and the drivers to an extent in some areas are pulling in another direction. And that will have to be resolved in the short term for the sport to function properly.”