Kate, Princess of Wales brought back a much-loved Alexander McQueen gown for Sunday evening's BAFTA awards. This is the first time the Prince and Princess of Wales have attended the awards since 2020.  Prince William has been BAFTA’s President since 2013. Kate wore a beautiful Alexander McQueen gown that she had worn before, however, there were some alterations made. The Grecian-style gown was first seen at the 2019 BAFTA Awards. But Kate changed the shoulder appearance of the dress, her jewellery, her shoes, her gloves and her clutch bag. For Sunday evening's engagement, the dress was updated with alterations to the left shoulder. The floral petals were removed, and the additional fabric was added and anchored to the shoulder. The most dramatic element of Sunday evening's ensemble was the Princess’ opera-length gloves. READ MORE: The 'understated' ring Kate would wear to show she was dating William  The black velvet was likely chosen to coordinate with Prince William’s Tom Ford jacket which retails for £3,350. These gloves were likely the Melissa style by Cornelia James, which are surprisingly still in stock. They sell for a whopping £160 and look so chic and elegant on the Princess of Wales. Their description says: "We love velvet. It is gloriously indulgent. But, above all, velvet -especially black velvet - looks great against satin. DON'T MISS: "If your dress is a dream in satin, go with velvet for your gloves - they will make the perfect counterpoint." Reviews of the gloves are highly favourable, with one person saying: "I’m so pleased with my Melissa gloves. "I can’t wait to show off my new fashion statement. Great workmanship, beautiful packaging and amazing customer support. Thanks to all." Fashion expert Bethan Holt said: "This is Catherine’s first outing at the BAFTAs as Princess of Wales which makes the choice of those gloves an even more interesting one. "Gloves are a staple accessory in the Royal family and were a signature item which the late Queen Elizabeth rarely left the Palace without," she told The Telegraph. Kate paired her dress with her Aquazzura Fenix pumps that were first noted at the September 2021 No Time to Die premiere. The Princess carried her Celeste clutch bag by Jimmy Choo, which was a striking black colour to match her gloves. Kate wore a new pair of Zara earrings, the Cascading Flower style, featuring flower-shaped charms and jewel appliqué. These £17.99 earrings are unsurprisingly already out of stock. In contrast, back in 2019 the (then) Duchess of Cambridge accessorised the gown with diamond and pearl earrings that belonged to Diana, Princess of Wales. Additionally, she wore the Queen’s Diamond Quatrefoil Bracelet and carried a McQueen bag, the Mini Crystal-Embellished Clutch. She also wore Jimmy Choo heels in 2019, the brand’s Silver and Dusk Blue Fireball Glitter Dégradé Romy. 