China could "take out the entire United States" with a coordinated surveillance balloon attack, Texas Senator Bob Hall has warned. Beijing has denied launching a spy balloon to monitor US activities after Joe Biden had one such aircraft shot down just off Myrtle Beach in early February. But Senator Hall said the balloons are a "real threat" to the US as they could be used to carry out a nuclear attack on the nation. The Texas State Senator argued a coordinated attack with "five or six" balloons would have the effect of a nuclear missile and wipe out most of the continental US. Hall insisted "it's a real threat" as tensions between Washington and Beijing continue to brew. He said: "The first high-altitude nuclear test was done using a weather balloon to determine its efficacy. "We know it's been in the arsenal of our enemies for quite a while. While a balloon wouldn't be quite as effective as a rocket that carried it higher, probably five or six would be enough to take out the entire United States." JUST IN: Xi Jinping tells Chinese army ‘be ready to invade Taiwan by 2027’, CIA chief warns Hall insisted even just one balloon could have catastrophic consequences for the US, especially if an attack were to be launched towards vital infrastructure. He added: "Just one would be so catastrophic that there is a possibility it could bring down the rest of the power grid by itself by just the nature of the grid depending on each other." The US itself led the way in high-altitude nuclear tests with Operation Hardtack I. In 1958, the United States conducted 35 nuclear tests over the Pacific Ocean using a balloon to carry a nuclear charge tens of thousands of feet into the air to test its capacity and impact. READ MORE: Lukashenko to jet to China after Zelensky's 'World War 3' warning Hardtack I also assessed the effects of the electromagnetic waves released by a nuclear explosion – an additional weapon Hall argued could be used against the US. He suggested the destruction of electrical infrastructure in the continental United States would ultimately leave "90 percent of the population" dead. The Senator told Fox News: "The Russians and Chinese had a preemptive EMP [electromagnetic pulse] attack as a key to their war plans. Think about how effective that would be, rather than a ground nuclear attack. "It would render the United States useless to anybody. The EMP takes out the electrical system. It's the second most important thing to sustaining life in today's society. DON'T MISS:The free world is in danger as tyrants re-arm and threaten once more [INSIGHT]Harris and Biden ‘detached from reality’ says GOP [SPOTLIGHT]Plastic surgeon on Jill Biden's amazingly youthful looks age 71 [REVEAL] "Only air is more important. One shot, the electricity is gone. In 11 months, 90 percent of the population would be dead and the Chinese would have the biggest farm in the world." However, following the shooting down of the Chinese balloon, the US has responded to criticism of its delay in responding by downing any unidentified aircraft entering US airspace, meaning detection of a nuclear-carrying balloon would be much higher. Beijing has continued to maintain the balloon shot down on February 4 was a civilian weather balloon. But with intelligence suggesting China could soon be supplying "lethal support" to Russia in Ukraine, the PRC's relationship with the United States has suffered yet another blow – sparking concerns of a potential confrontation between the two nuclear nations. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews