The Brooklyn Nets may have just lost Kyrie Irving, but now Kevin Durant could be on his way out before Thursday's trade deadline. There is plenty of trade action still to come within the NBA this week, and the Boston Celtics may be in for Durant. Phone calls are reportedly taking place between the Celtics and the Nets over the availability of Durant. That's according to Stephen A. Smith, who dropped the news live on ESPN's First Take on Monday morning. Durant is now 34, and running out of time to secure another NBA Championship, and the Celtics may be the dream venue for the Nets star. The Celtics are currently first in the Eastern Conference, and have the best record across the NBA with 37-16. Durant could fire the Celtics to the title, but according to Smith, they'd have to part ways with a serious player in order to get the deal over the line. "I'm hearing that he's on the verge of potentially being moved," Smith said on Monday. "Obviously we've all been speculating that, that he may be moved, but on the phone I'm hearing that Boston is making some calls. "Keep your eye on that, Jaylen Brown." Brown has formed an excellent partnership with Jayson Tatum at the Celtics, and would be a big loss to the franchise. However, would a prime Durant be the missing piece they need to get over the line and win the NBA? Durant is certainly the short-term option at the age of 34, while Brown is still only 26. But Durant appears to want out of the Nets, after initially putting in a trade request this summer. His request was denied, but he's now watched Irving walk out the door to join the Dallas Mavericks. Irving put in his request on Friday, and just two days later he was off and on his way. Irving will join the Mavericks for Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith, a first-round pick and multiple second-round picks. In addition, The Mavericks are sending a 2029 unprotected first-round pick, a 2027 second-round pick and a 2029 second round-pick to the Nets, according to The Athletic. The Nets are also is sending Markieff Morris the other way.