Tottenham head coach Antonio Conte has backed Oliver Skipp and Pape Matar Sarr to prove they can replace the injured Rodrigo Bentancur after revealing the pair would be selected against AC Milan on Tuesday. The youngsters are in line to start the Champions League last-16 tie after it was confirmed Bentancur would miss the rest of the season with an ACL injury. The Italian has only just returned to his duties as Spurs manager after undergoing surgery to remove his gallbladder, returning for the 4-1 defeat to Leicester City at the weekend. But the 53-year-old was dealt another blow when Bentancur was taken off with a knee injury. It has since been confirmed by the club that the Uruguayan faces around seven months out and would therefore miss the start of next season, as well the remainder of the current campaign. It represents a huge blow for Conte, who has relied upon Bentancur heavily since his £20million switch from Juventus in January 2022. And while Conte lamented losing a key player in Bentancur, he revealed he will put his faith in Skipp, 22, and Sarr, 20, to fill the two central midfield spots, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg unavailable due to suspension. READ MORE: Tottenham coach Stellini details Conte's heartwarming moment on return When asked about whether Eric Dier could move forward into midfielder, Conte told reporters: "We didn't have the time to take into consideration this option. Rodrigo, he had an injury two days ago and for this reason to take also the option, the time was so short that I didn't think of other solutions. "The solution we have in our house with the two young players, Skippy and Pape Sarr. We are talking about two young players. "They are [available for] the first game in the Champions League. They are really young, 20 and 22 years-old, but we have to be good to help them overcome the emotion, but we trust them." DON'T MISSTottenham chief Daniel Levy makes honest Antonio Conte transfer claim Tottenham 'weighing up' free transfer for Liverpool star Naby KeitaTottenham 'line up Fabio Paratici replacement' as lengthy ban looms  Conte has been left desperately short in the middle of the park after Yves Bissouma, who has played a bit-part role in the squad since his £25m move from Brighton, fractured his ankle and required surgery to rule him out of the clash. Hojbjerg picked up a third yellow card in the group stage against and is therefore banned for one game, which may not have been such a big issue back in December when the draw was made. However, with Bentancur and Bissouma both injured, Conte has been left with a mini crisis in midfield Skipp has only made 13 appearances for the club this season - the majority of which have come as a substitute - while Sarr's two starts have come against Arsenal in the Premier League and Portsmouth in the FA Cup. But Conte's display of faith may be all the pair need to kickstart their careers at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium after being kept out on the periphery by the Italian. With AC Milan struggling form, he will be hoping they make a lasting impression.