Ovens get a lot of use and can quickly become laden with burnt-on food and grease without regular cleaning. Frequently wiping down the inside of the appliance is the best way to prevent stubborn stains from forming but if it's already too late, you can swap steel-wool scrubbing brushes for a dishwasher tablet. And the best part is, you can do it in just a few minutes.  Oven cleaning is one of the least enjoyable household chores for several reasons. Not only is messy and time-consuming, but the results can often be underwhelming without the right ingredients. If you're long overdue on paying some attention to charred food, ashes and grease lurking inside your kitchen appliances, you can try a low-effort method without having to reach for the baking soda or white vinegar. A cleaning expert at  Southern Living said: "It's unpleasant enough that many avoid it, even though neglecting this chore leads to baked-on food that is much harder to remove, not to mention an unhealthy amount of smoke in the kitchen. So what if we told you that the secret to a spotless oven has been sitting in your kitchen all along? "As it turns out, those handy dandy dishwasher tablets can be used on a lot more than just your dishes." READ MORE: ‘Expensive’ interior ‘faux pas’ to avoid - rooms will look ‘rubbish’  They explained the concentrated detergent inside powder tablets cuts grease and scours the oven, just like it does in the dishwasher. A pair of rubber gloves is essential for this cleaning method to avoid burning your skin in a warm oven. You will also need one tablet, a bowl of warm water and a microfiber cloth. Start by removing any loose ashes or food residue with a hand-held vacuum or a dust pan and brush. Warm the pod up by dipping it in the water so it soaks up some of the liquid. You should take care not to leave it in there for too long or it will start to crumble. DON'T MISS...‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [EXPERT]‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple [TIPS]I used the two minute baking soda method to clean my stained microwave [COMMENT] Once softened, use the dishwasher tablet to scrub the inside of your oven just as you would a sponge. This is best done shortly after the oven has been used while it is still warm but not hot to the touch. It is easier to remove all of the racks to clear space in the appliance beforehand. The cleaning expert said: "We recommend laying the tablet flat in your palm and moving it in circular motions to vanquish that caked-on debris. You might need to use a good amount of pressure." If you notice the tablet drying out at any point, simply dip it back into the bowl of water before scrubbing some more. READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ stains ‘slip right off’ of oven door with 85p staple When you're finished, wipe away the residue with a damp cloth or paper towel to reveal the gleaming results. For the best results, you should always use powder tablets rather than gel formulas. The Finish Deep Clean tablets are ideal for their grease-cutting properties. After putting in the effort to deep clean your oven, it is worth adopting a few healthy habits to keep it looking clear and smelling fresh. Each time you use your oven, it is worth wiping up any messes or spills with a damp cloth.    Do this after the oven has had time to cool but before the heat is completely gone. For extra cleansing power, a drop of dish soap can help. Maintaining a clean oven starts with the way you cook meals so it is also essential to re-think your choice of cookware when using the appliance. For foods that tend to bubble over, use a second baking tray covered in parchment paper at the bottom of the oven to catch and spilt residue. This will prevent the mess from reaching the oven floor and instead, drop onto the baking parchment which can be easily disposed of with little mess. 