Americans have been mispronouncing Rihanna's name for years. Rihanna - who will perform in the Super Bowl's halftime this year - rose to fame in 2005 with her single Pon de Replay, and since then there has been widespread confusion about how her name is pronounced. The singer, who is from Barbados, pronounces her name "ree-a-nuh", rather than the often-used and incorrect way of saying the moniker "ree-aw-nuh". Realisations began after "Wednesday" star Jenna Ortega announced best Best Song in a Motion Picture at this year's Golden Globes. She took a moment to say: "I’m gonna get to original song in a minute, we got artists like Taylor Swift and Rihanna competing for that award. I know. I'm very excited." Jenna was praised for saying the singer's name correctly in the clip originally posted by the TikTok account @consequence, which has had an enormous 33.2M views. They wrote: "Shout out to Jenna Ortega for the correct pronunciation of Rihanna." Rihanna appeared to second the pronunciation personally. Her makeup brand Fenty commented on the video: "Miss Wednesday understood the assignment." Alice Mayjor commented: "POV the British accent means England always pronounces it correctly." Another, Morgan Henery, said: "Haven't we always pronounced Rihanna like this in the UK?" READ MORE: Rihanna shows off her son she shares with A$AP Rocky for the first time in adorable video  Another wrote: "Meanwhile, in Australia, we’ve been pronouncing it correctly the whole time." One blamed Jay-Z for the confusion. Salma Astral Angel said: "I thought it was Ri - AWH -NUH because that’s how Jay-Z pronounced it in Umbrella???" Dayna Milner said: "Y’all are acting all confused like Rihanna doesn’t say how to correctly pronounce her name all the time." Rihanna had previously tried to correct the discourse on how her name was pronounced. In a red carpet interview 10 years ago the star taught presenter AJ Hammer how to pronounce her name. The star's full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty, which is where she got the name for her Fenty Beauty range. Rihanna will perform during the break in tonight's halftime break in the Super Bowl when the Philadelphia Eagles take on the Kansas City Chiefs. This is the first time she has performed live since 2016.  The 34-year-old has said it's "scary" to be taking on the huge global event, watched by millions. She said: "I haven't been on stage for seven years." However, she is happy to be "representing for immigrants, representing for my country, Barbados, representing for black women everywhere". Rihanna is an immigrant herself, being born in Barbados. She has been vocal about discrimination against people who have immigrated to the US. On the Fourth of July, she made a statement by stepping out in a shirt that read “IMMIGRANT.” Rihanna moved to the US at the age of just 16, after signing a major record contract. In fact, Rihanna now counts the UK as her home. She has been living in a home in London worth £30M (£36.3M) since 2018.