Plastering a wall so it has a clean, smooth finish is the foundation of a perfect interior. A well-plastered wall will ensure your painting and decorating looks its best while adding a layer of insulation. However, hiring a plasterer does not come cheap with the average small room costing £1,100 to plaster, and the average large room costing £1,900 to plaster, according to Checkatrade. It's worth noting that how much a plasterer charges will depend greatly on the size of the room. With this in mind, Phil Lidgerton, Managing Director, Building Materials Nationwide Online has shared a step-by-step guide for plastering your own walls at home. The building expert has detailed exactly what you will need, how to prepare your walls, how to mix your plaster and the correct technique to use. What you will need: READ MORE: Bed expert shares how often to wash sheets after Kerry Katona debate Preparing your wall Lay down your dust sheet below the area that you’re looking to plaster. This will help to collect any dust, debris, and plaster spillage. You should also look to clear any loose material from the wall before starting work. If working with already plastered walls, you should use screen tape to cover any holes or cracks before starting. If you are working over plasterboards, mask all the joins between the boards with screen tape. Disconnect any electrical plugs and cover them with masking tape before you start. Applying PVA PVA will help bond your plaster to the wall and will need to be spread across the surface before you can start work. DON'T MISSFive ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove ‘mould and dust spores’ [INSIGHT]‘Right height’ to cut lawns to avoid ‘severe stress’ on grass [UPDATE]Clean toasters 'once a week' to avoid 'smoking or burning' [ANALYSIS] Dilute it with water at a 1:4 ratio and mix it thoroughly. You can either use a paint roller or brush to apply it, ensuring that the entire wall has been covered. Mixing the plaster Wearing your dust mask, mix your plaster into a container of water at the ratio specified. You’ll need to mix it until it has thickened and doesn’t contain any lumps, using either a whisk or a power mixer. Applying the first coat Plastering is accomplished using a hawk board, a plastering trowel, and a standard float. You’ll need to move the plaster onto your hawk board using the trowel, before applying it to your wall with the float, using upwards strokes, smoothing continually as you go. It’s best to start in a lower corner and work across the wall from there. For the first coat, you should be aiming for around 10-12mm in thickness. Smoothing your plaster Wait around 20 minutes for the coat to dry slightly, before carefully smoothing it with the trowel, and evening out the edges with a trowel and wet paintbrush. Scraping your plaster Most plasterers will look to scrape the surface before the second coat is added, in order to form a stronger bond. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A devilling float is a tool designed specifically to do this but you can also use a standard fork, though this will take longer. Applying the second coat Your second coat should be mixed and applied through the same method, but this time only 2mm of thickness will be needed. Finishing After allowing the plaster to partially dry, you’ll need to smooth it more, using a spray bottle of water and your trowel to go over the surface. If you’re having issues with trickier edges you can also use a wet paintbrush. Once you are completely happy with the surface, you’ll need to let it dry completely before you paint or wallpaper it.