Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte will return to the dugout against Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. And the Italian will be forced into at least two changes from last weekend's 1-0 win against Manchester City. Cristian Stellini took the reins as Conte recovered from gallbladder surgery in Turin, producing one of Spurs' results of the season against the Premier League champions. But Conte will be a welcome returnee as the Lilywhites look to build steam in a crucial period of the campaign, with a top-four place still firmly in sight. Express Sport takes a look at how Tottenham could line up against Leicester, featuring a pair of big-name changes. Hugo Lloris has been ruled out for six to eight weeks with a knee injury, meaning he'll miss several games in three different competitions. Fraser Forster will be the goalkeeper Conte calls upon, handing the 34-year-old a significant chance to impress. READ MORE: Arne Slot has £5.7m release clause but 'uncertain' on taking Leeds job In the only other change from victory over Man City, Davinson Sanchez should replace the suspended Cristian Romero. The 24-year-old will serve a one-game ban after receiving two yellow cards last time out. Eric Dier is expected to keep his place at the heart of the back three, with Ben Davies operating as the left-centre-back. DON'T MISS Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp refuses to answer question on Man CityAndrea Pirlo gives verdict on 'Yorkshire Pirlo' Kalvin Phillips Chelsea may have discovered exciting 'new Arjen Robben' Emerson Royal arguably produced his best performance in a Tottenham shirt to help defeat City last Sunday. Despite anticipation building for Pedro Porro to make his debut in white after arriving from Sporting Lisbon on deadline day, Emerson deserves to keep his place. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, deservedly Man of the Match against City, will keep his place alongside Rodrigo Bentancur in central midfield. Ivan Perisic should continue to be favoured over Ryan Sessegnon at left-wing-back. Like the midfield, Conte should also name an unchanged front three at the expense of Richarlison and Arnaut Danjuma. Dejan Kulusevski had a quiet game in the City win, while Son Heung-min was lively on the left to continue his improving trajectory after a poor first half of the season. Harry Kane has scored 20 career goals against Leicester, more than any other opposition. A week after becoming Spurs' all-time top goalscorer, with his 267th strike the winner against former suitors City, he will lead the line at the King Power. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here