Piers Morgan, 57, appeared on Twitter once again last night to slam the actor’s public statements, after Alan Cumming, 58, spoke about angering the journalist on a radio show. Piers blasted Alan saying the actor’s real reason behind returning his OBE was for “a bit of wokie social media love”. Yesterday, Alan made an appearance on the Michelangelo Signorile Show on Sirius XM, where he noted: “I think if you're p***ing off Piers Morgan, you're on the right track! “I think that lump of ignorance, if I’m p***ing him off I’m doing the right thing.” Piers almost immediately retaliated online, sharing a snippet of Alan’s conversation on Twitter and writing to his 8.3 million followers: “Ditto, Mr Cumming” with a few laughing faces. The broadcaster continued: “Your explanation of your OBE return is so comically disingenuous. READ MORE: Denise Welch reacts after being told she hogs Loose Women spotlight by unhappy viewer “You did it for a bit of wokie social media love and (much-needed!) press attention - just admit it.” Alan also noted on the radio show that he was hoping to get ahead of the media in his announcement as he had already told a few people. The actor feared that the media would find out before he had a chance to officially announce the return and he “wouldn’t be able to control the narrative”. Last week it was revealed that Alan had returned his OBE award, which stands for Officer of the British Empire. The award is given to individuals who make a notable, positive impact in their field and Alan received his in 2009 for his work in LGBTQ+ communties in America. The Traitors host admitted on the radio show that he had actually returned his OBE “several months ago” but chose to announce it on his birthday. He confirmed the return last week as he turned 58, noting he was “incredibly grateful” to have received it but felt that it was no longer necessary. His statement on Instagram read: “The Queen’s death and the ensuing conversations about the role of monarchy and especially the way the British Empire profited at the expense (and death) of indigenous peoples across the world really opened my eyes. “Also, thankfully, times and laws in the US have changed, and the great good the award brought to the LGBTQ+ cause back in 2009 is now less potent than the misgivings I have being associated with the toxicity of empire (OBE stands for Officer of the British Empire). “So I returned my award, explained my reasons and reiterated my great gratitude for being given it in the first place. “I’m now back to being plain old Alan Cumming again. Happy birthday to me!” Alan’s announcement prompted Piers to encourage a debate on his show Piers Morgan Uncensored, questioning if the British Empire is “toxic”. The host shared on his Talk TV show: “It’s unhinged to imagine that today’s generation can bare responsibility for their ancestors. “Self-flagellation is viral currency.” Piers also challenged Alan on the show, questioning: “As a supposedly intelligent man you had no idea about the British Empire? “That’s not really true now is it Alan? Because the Queen’s no longer here you feel emboldened to go on a little PR rampage.”