2023 is the Year of Rabbit. Those who fall under this zodiac sign were born in one of the following years: 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 or 2023. According to Chinese astrology, the Rabbit is a complex creature. Other zodiac signs may underestimate the Rabbit, believing that they are too kind. However, they are not "soft and weak" but rather quietly "confident" with inner "strength". "They are steadily moving towards their goal, no matter what negativity the others give them." Rabbit is an academic, a great "scholar", with strong attention to detail that ensures they succeed and produce good results. READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes But they do not spend all their time turning the pages of a book, as they also avoid socialisers. Their "attractive aura" is magnetic and causes other signs to gravitate towards them. The Rabbit is a careful and cautious sign without being predictable or boring. "A plain and routine life is not their style. Though conservative and careful in their actions, they need surprises every so often to spice things up." So what can other signs expect of male and female Rabbits, in life and in love? According to Chinese astrology, "men born in the Rabbit year are extraordinarily polite and do whatever they can to avoid conflict". "They have control over themselves and are sometimes conservative." However, don't mistake a Rabbit guy for a "yes-man", as they certainly have a bottom line they "won't cross". READ MORE: Chinese zodiac sign that needs to 'restrain' their 'temper' in 2023 A Rabbit man is a good person to have around when you need to sort out a messy house. By nature, these guys enjoy organising and decorating, "and often help their wives with chores". However, don't give Rabbit men too much jurisdiction, as they may not "actually like being responsible for the home". As for Rabbit women, these are super social and the life and soul of the party. Like Rabbit men, "they are thoughtful and treat everyone politely". "They are very conscious of their public image and hate violence and arguments." A Rabbit woman is "extreme" when it comes to love, and is either all-in or all-out. If you are loved by a Rabbit woman, you're very lucky, as she'll put "everything" into the relationship. Partners of Rabbit women must ensure they are very patient with their significant other, as this anxious sign can often require a lot of "reassurance", according to Chinese New Year.