Meghan Markle, 41, is "seeking support" after Prince Harry received a lot of criticism for his controversial memoir published last month. In the book, the Duke of Sussex recounted how he first had sex in a field behind a busy pub with an older woman. Sasha Walpole, who has been interviewed by the Mail on Sunday, said she is that woman and is now telling the story in her own words. A source has since revealed to The Spectator that Meghan "embarrassed by the whole thing and seeking support from mentors". It comes as royal expert Kinsey Schofield claimed Meghan must be "left feeling a little embarrassed" following the revelations. She told Fox News: "People are laughing at their expense. "And Meghan is older than the 'older woman' Harry describes. Meghan has likely never hit the yoga mat harder." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'very concerned about celebrity status' The host of the To Di For Daily podcast added: "Harry would be horrified if someone published a book detailing losing their virginity to Meghan Markle – with a smack on the behind. "There are a few reasons you would come forward with something like this. "Sasha says it was to stop the search. And with people like Rupert Everett making claims... the search was about to heighten! Sasha called off the dogs. "Additionally, it pays well to be a tabloid feature in the UK This could be a start of an entirely new career for her. "Maybe she will appear on reality tv going forward or write her own book. A heartbroken blonde burned by an ex is swept off of her feet by a bad boy prince for the night? That's a Lifetime movie I would watch!" Walpole, 40, said she was only going public, having kept it a secret for two decades, because Harry wrote about the episode. In a video interview, she said: "I've kept this a secret for 21 years. I would never have said anything if he hadn't have put it in his book." She added: "I'm here to tell my story in my words. I am the lady that Prince Harry wrote about in his book who he lost his virginity to." Describing Harry as a "good friend" at the time and someone who was "a laugh", she said they had shared an interest in horses and her first job as a groom had been at Highgrove. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan will 'throw tantrums' at King's coronation [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [INSIGHT]Camilla to avoid jaw-dropping jewel to escape 'trend of misfortune' [ANALYSIS] Ms Walpole, now a digger driver, said a lot of people at the time in their circle of friends would have been aware of what had happened. She said: "I'm surprised Harry put it in his book. It was such a long time ago, we were teenagers. It just doesn't really seem a big deal to me because I've obviously known for so long. "Nobody from back then would be surprised that it was me and Harry. A lot of people knew about it." She added: "Our lives have gone in different directions since then. If I seen (sic) him in the street I would like to think that we could go for a drink. We were really good friends back then and I wish him all the best." In the book, Harry described the event of losing his virginity as an "inglorious episode". Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews