Startling images of El Salvador’s new mega-prison depict the latest measure taken by the country’s leader Nayib Bukele in his fight to curb gang violence. Bukele, who is of Palestinian descent, was elected in 2019 and has since jailed 64,000 of his own citizens in a radical crime crackdown.    So far, 2,000 convicts have been sent to the new facility, which has a capacity of 40,000. “This will be their new home, where they won’t be able to do any more harm to the population,” the president Tweeted. The Terrorism Confinement Centre (Cecot) is thought to be the largest in the Americas. In March 2022, Bukele announced an emergency decree to stamp out gang-related murders, after 62 were carried out in a single weekend according to the Associated Press news agency. As part of Bukele’s reforms, sentences have been lengthened and the age of criminal responsibility lowered to 12. According to the local publication El Faro, El Salvador’s gang culture has been cut off at the knees by Bukele’s activist approach to crime fighting. “The gangs as we knew them, as a national structure, no longer exist. What’s left is a vestige”, Marvin Reyes, a founding leader of the Police Workers’ Movement, told El Faro. “[They] have been left with diffuse control in a few places, barely a few tentacles attached to a few points”, he added. However, human rights activists have been critical of Bukele’s uncompromising approach. In May 2022, after the president kick-started his crime-stopping initiative, Tamara Taraciuk Broner, acting Americas director for Human Rights Watch, told AP: “We have found evidence of arbitrary detentions of innocent people, who have in some cases been disappeared for short periods of time, as well as alarming cases of deaths while in custody”. In response to Human Rights Watch’s criticism, Bukele has dubbed the organisation Homeboys Rights Watch. According to the MailOnline, the Cecot has only 80 beds for every 100 prisoners, with just two toilets and two sinks between them. Mobile phone signals are blocked by scramblers, meaning contact with the outside world is impossible. There are seven separate barriers, including a large perimeter wall, preventing escapes and there are 19 watchtowers. The cells themselves are solid steel.