Qatar insist their interest in Manchester United is ‘genuine’ and their bid will be ‘strong’, it has been claimed. The Glazers are open to selling the Red Devils after 18 controversial years at the helm. However, there’s also been talk of the Americans potentially staying and accepting investment instead. Qatar want to own a Premier League team following a successful World Cup in the Middle East. And they’ve set their sights on purchasing United, even if the Glazers want close to £6billion to sell their asset. Journalist Ben Jacobs has expressed a belief Qatar won’t cough up the money the Americans are asking for - especially given the need to renovate and improve Old Trafford. Yet he’s also claimed Qatar believe their bid for United is ’strong’ and they’re confident of rising to power. “The desire of Qatar is genuine but I still don’t think the bid is going to meet the Glazer’s valuation of upwards of £6bn,” Jacobs told Football Insider. “But somewhere around some say at the lower end £4.2bn to £4.5bn, some say £5bn. Something in that ballpark. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “But what these numbers have to be reflective of, is that encompassing of the treatment of the debt? “Is that with a pledge to add another £1.5-£2bn on top to redevelop Old Trafford? This is where further conversations are needed. “But Qatar refer to their bid as strong and have a desire to either buy or invest in a Premier League club. “So, of course they are going to be one to watch.” As well as Qatar, Sir Jim Ratcliffe is interested in buying United. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit He’s long supported the club and is believed to have a positive relationship with the Glazers, having talked to them in the past. Ratcliffe would aim to improve United and has previously hit out at their decline in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. But he already owns Nice and their failure to kick on in Ligue 1 means the British billionaire doesn’t have universal backing among the fans. Whoever takes over, United supporters will be delighted to see the back of the Glazers. They’ve only spent within their means during their time at the club, with Ferguson ensuring the Red Devils stay strong prior to his retirement in 2013. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Since the Scot stepped down, however, United have won just three major trophies. And they’ve also seen managers such as David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer come and go amid their ongoing plight. Meanwhile, the Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to a takeover. And their intentions were made public shortly after they’d been criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo, who departed in the aftermath. In an interview with Piers Morgan, Ronaldo said: “The Glazers, they don’t care about the club, professional sport. “As you know Manchester is a marketing club, they will get money from the marketing. The sport - they don’t really care in my opinion. “They give all the power to the president and sporting director.” He added: “The fans should know the truth. The players want the best for the club, I want this best. This is I came to Manchester United, this is why I love the club. “But you have some things inside the club which don’t help Manchester to reach the top level as City, Liverpool and even now Arsenal for example. It’s complicated, difficult. “In my opinion it will be hard for Manchester to be in the top of the game in the next two, three years.”