Manchester United legend Roy Keane saw the positive side as footage showed Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes arguing after Sunday's Carabao Cup triumph. The Red Devils comfortably beat Newcastle at Wembley to give Erik ten Hag his first trophy since taking over at the start of the season. The Magpies made the trip down to London with the chance to win major silverware for the first time since 1969, although their impressive cup run under boss Eddie Howe was undone in the space of six first-half minutes. Casemiro struck first with an accurate header, before Marcus Rashford's hot streak continued as his effort deflected off Sven Botman and looped over stand-in goalkeeper Loris Karius. Newcastle mounted a spirited fightback after the break but United came up with a solid defensive display to lift their first trophy since 2017. Summer signing Casemiro has been hailed by fans for his elite winning mentality, and it was on show again after the final whistle as he seemingly laid into Bruno Fernandes for failing to set Jadon Sancho up with a simple finish in the dying embers of the game. READ MORE: Man Utd coach McCarthy played role in Ferguson anger and handshake snub With red shirts celebrating in the stands and on the pitch, the Brazilian made a point to have stern words with his team-mate, who instead opted to take on his marker before seeing his shot saved. Known for his mean competitive streak while playing for the Red Devils between 1993 and 2005, Keane believes that the anger is actually a good sign. "I like that, I like players arguing," he told Sky Sports. "Whatever they're arguing about, it means they care." DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route Eyebrows were raised when United forked out £70million during the summer for Casemiro - a player who was already beyond his 30th birthday. However, he has proven to be a cornerstone of Ten Hag's rejuvenated side, who are still in contention to win the Premier League, FA Cup and Europa League. The Red Devils have been considered a soft touch in recent years, with many believing that Casemiro is the closest player United have had to Keane since the Irishman left Old Trafford. "The last player who dominated in midfield like this for United was Roy Keane," former Red Devils striker Louis Saha told Lord Ping. "[Casemiro] is the complete player in midfield. He can score, pass and be a leader. So there are a lot of things other holding players don't have. "[Declan] Rice is a top player, but he's not in the same league as Casemiro. It's not just about the energy levels, or how strong you are, it's about how smart and experienced you are and there's no better player than Casemiro in this category. We have solved this [midfield] issue after such a long time."