Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have shown hints they could soon be putting their ongoing rift with the Royal Family behind to focus on new projects, a royal correspondent has claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have mixed their efforts to establish themselves away from their royal past with repeated criticism against senior royals and the institution itself. But Jack Royston suggested recent changes in the composition of Archewell's make-up could be seen as an attempt to fully move one. Royston said: "Harry and Meghan's head of communications has announced some staff changes—a few people leaving, some promotions, a few new hires. "But, most importantly of all, a move away from 'look back' projects as they now move forwards to their future outside the royal family. "For almost two years since Oprah in March 2021, Harry and Meghan have—through a number of different formats and a number of different projects—been retelling basically the same story which was about their exit from royal life." Speaking on Newsweek's The Royal Report podcast, Royston added: "Now, that obviously is looking back to events in the past that are no longer in motion. JUST IN: Kate takes centre stage at exhibition as stunning portrait of Princess to be displayed "And if they are moving away from 'look back' projects that does suggest that they are no longer going to be focussing on that whole rift." In January, Archewell announced the organisation had parted ways with two collaborators who played pivotal roles in the production of the Sussex's first major project with Netflix, their docuseries . Ben Browning oversaw operations throughout the filming process. Fara Taylor, who led the marketing campaign not only for the docuseries but also for Meghan's podcast and Harry's memoir, will also be leaving within the year. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's press secretary Ashley Hansen said: "Ben and Fara have been integral to the creation and execution of many critically and commercially acclaimed projects during their tenure. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan exiled by Oprah and Obama as US celebs realise 'Sussexes equal drama' "They have expertly delivered content and campaigns that have exceeded expectations and made their mark within the cultural zeitgeist. "They played a critical role in helping to tell the stories of the Duke and Duchess thus far, and the couple remains hugely grateful for their support on those vital ‘look back’ projects, as they now look forward.” Harry and Meghan's verbal crusade against the Royal Family culminated with the publication of the Duke's autobiography, Spare, last month. In the book, the royal assessed his relationship with senior members of the family including the King and Prince William as well as his role within the institution. DON'T MISS: Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION]Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED]Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [LATEST]  He claimed to have known since early childhood he would have needed to provide the Prince of Wales with his unwavering support. Harry also bizarrely claimed to have been born to give his older brother "spare parts" in the event of illness or an accident. Despite the criticism both the Duke and the Duchess have levelled against the Royal Family, he has expressed his desire to reunite with his father and brother. And the King is tipped to ensure his youngest son and daughter-in-law attend his coronation in May as he was reported to have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury for help bringing William and Harry together. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews