Manchester United hero Paul Ince has hit out at his former side and revealed that he feels their staff ‘lack respect’. His outburst comes after his Reading team were beaten 3-1 by United last weekend in the FA Cup. The Red Devils cruised into the next round of the competition thanks to goals from Casemiro (two) and Fred at Old Trafford. Reading substitute Amadou Mbengue came off of the bench to pull one back for Ince’s side late on, though they were facing an uphill battle due to a red card shown to Andy Carroll in the second half. It was all smiles at full-time between managers Erik ten Hag and Ince, though Carroll’s dismissal was an immediate talking point. The ex-Newcastle striker injured Christian Eriksen with one of his tackles, which has seen him ruled for up to three months. Despite that, it is Ince that has been the most vocal about his frustration leaving Old Trafford, particularly due to how he did not feel that his former side followed through with post-match etiquette. Speaking about after the match, he explained: “I went straight up to see Sir Alex because I got a text from him afterwards to say ‘come up and see me’. “So myself, my wife and Thomas [Ince] went up there and spent an hour with him. It disappointed me because none of the United staff asked me in for a glass of wine. I didn't like that, it's a lack of respect. "Whoever it is, win, lose or draw, you say pop in for a drink. Whether it's wine or tea it doesn't really matter. None of their staff did that so that was disappointing. I couldn't give a monkey’s but I just pride it on myself, as a manager, whether or not you get beaten, you say come in for a glass of wine." Ince spent six years at United during his playing days, making over 200 appearances for the club and winning the Premier League trophy twice. It is a club that he holds very dear to his heart, though Ten Hag and his staff’s behaviour has left a sour taste in his mouth. The ex-midfielder was full of praise for Ten Hag after the final whistle, revealing that he was ‘pleased’ that the club are now heading in the right direction, though it remains to be seen whether the lack of friendliness after the match will change his view of the former Ajax boss.