Miley Cyrus and Claudia Schiffer are just two blonde stars who have inspired an array of golden hairstyles set to be popular in 2023. But gone are the days of flat, one-dimensional colour, with stylists predicting more transitional shades. Pete Burkhill is a celebrity hairstylist who has worked with stars including the Beckham boys, Bebe Rexha, Jack Harlow and Millie Bobbie Brown. In the upcoming year, he predicts those with fair hair are likely to introduce a "clashing" shade, partially inspired by Miley Cyrus' contrasting locks which she showed off in the music video for her latest single Flowers. "Expect to see a huge surge of clashing colours," Pete told Express.co.uk. "Think Miley Cyrus for your inspiration with her recent blonde on top and black underneath look. "If you’re not brave enough to take the plunge permanently, use coloured hair sprays to fake it such as Josh Wood Dark Brown Dry Shampoo for faux sections of contrasting colour. "The golden rule, no matter your colour, is to ask your colourist for much more contrast in your hair and more visible, bold colours." READ MORE: Skin tone and face shape are 'key' to deciding on a hairstyle However, if a brown and blonde contrast is too bold for you, a more subtle 90s blonde trend is also predicted to be making a comeback. Candlelight blonde was first made popular by model and actress Claudia Schiffer in the 90s but has since been seen on countless celebrities including Gigi Hadid and Dua Lipa. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Angelo Vallillo, an award-winning hair stylist and co-founder Shanti; superfood for your hair, who has 16.7k followers on Instagram, said: "What I recommend is candlelit blonde. This is a blonde that gets lighter at the tip. And you can reverse that as well, which is going to be really popular in 2023." Candlelight blonde is a perfectly balanced shade, incorporating an array of bright hues and honey tones to create a fresh take on "supermodel blonde". DON'T MISSSupermarket announces record price cuts on everyday products [INSIGHT]Olapex hair products left scalps 'blistered' suit claims  [COMMENT]‘Common' makeup mistakes making your skin 'look older' [VIDEO] https://www.shanti.world/ Before embarking on a hair transformation, however, it's a good idea to sit down with your stylist and colourist to determine the best shade for you. "A great hairstylist should be enhancing their client and their personality," explained Angelo. "My biggest advice is to find a great colourist. The shades are bespoke for everyone. It’s understanding what your skin tone is, your eye colour, etcetera. "That’s what we want to make pop, we want to bring out your best features with the use of colour placement. So find yourself a great colour salon, someone who knows exactly what they’re doing."