The owner of the New England Patriots is missing one of his Super Bowl rings after once claiming Vladmir Putin put it on and took the jewellery without permission. In a bizarre and uncomfortable chain of events, Patriots owner Bob Kraft met the Russian president in Saint Petersburg after his side had beaten the Philadelphia Eagles at Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005. Kraft cherished his third championship ring after a period of Patriots dominance in the NFL, but unknowingly gave one of his prized possessions up when showing off the ring to Putin during his trip to Russia. He explained how Putin made a chilling joke about how he could use the ring as a weapon and was desperate not to lose something that held such important sentimental value. But, following some confusion, Kraft later backtracked and claimed the ring was indeed given to Putin deliberately as a ‘mark of respect for Russian people.’ Speaking on the series 50 Rings, 50 Days in 2013, Kraft said: "I took out the ring and showed it to [Putin], and he put it on and he goes, 'I can kill someone with this ring'. I put my hand out and he put it in his pocket, and three KGB guys got around him and walked out." Kraft wanted his ring back, but revealed he gave up hopes of it being returned after a call from the US government urging him to keep his frustration under wraps for the sake of diplomatic relations. "It would really be in the best interest of US-Soviet relations if you meant to give the ring as a present,” he said he was told in a White House call. "I really didn't [want to]. I had an emotional tie to the ring, it has my name on it.  "I don't want to see it on eBay. There was a pause on the other end of the line, and the voice repeated, 'It would really be in the best interest if you meant to give the ring as a present.'" Putin’s spokesperson at the time, Dmitry Peskov, refuted Kraft’s claims and asserted that the jewellery was definitely handed over as a present. Peskov said: "I was standing 20 centimetres away from him and Mr. Putin and saw and heard how Mr. Kraft gave this ring as a gift." And a statement soon followed from Kraft, who changed his narrative from having his ring taken without permission, to offering it as a gift to Putin. He said: "I decided to give him the ring as a symbol of the respect and admiration that I have for the Russian people and the leadership of President Putin.”