Andy Murray has explained why he withdrew from this week’s ATP 500 event in Dubai after a “ridiculous” week in Doha that saw him reach the final. The former world No 1 had already hinted that he would be pulling out following his championship match on Saturday and has now said that he wanted to be “mindful of his body”. Murray withdrew from the Dubai Championships on Monday, a day before he was expected to take to the court for his opening match against fifth seed Hubert Hurkacz. The world No 52 was coming off the back of a successful week in Doha where he reached his first final in eight months before losing to third seed Daniil Medvedev. And the 35-year-old has now explained why he decided to pull out of Dubai in an effort to maintain his body following a physically demanding week, which saw him win four three-set matches and save eight match points across two of them. “The matches I had last week were physically pretty demanding,” the three-time Major champion told The Times. “It was five matches in six days — the last time I did that was in Stuttgart [in June] but because of the surface [grass] the matches were physically really not that challenging.” Murray also revealed that he had a physical niggle that he didn’t want to worsen with Indian Wells and Miami on the horizon. JUST IN: Boris Becker backs Djokovic in Alcaraz battle as Serb makes history   He added: “I had an issue then with my abdominal muscle and on Friday evening in Doha I was feeling my abs a little bit after the semi-final. Because of the experience I had last year, it was clearly a load-related thing because of the amount of tennis I played in a short period, so I was a bit worried about that.” Murray also explained why he had to be extra cautious with his schedule as he continued: “I do have to be a bit mindful of my body now, which I wouldn’t have been in my mid-twenties. Because of the issues that I have, it’s not as simple as it used to be. There’s a little bit more of a science to my training and how much I should be putting my body through. Obviously, last week was extreme.” DON'T MISSNadal's 18-year streak could be ended by three rivals amid injury woesAlcaraz injury may wreck Djokovic bid as Spaniard set for 'tests'Djokovic still waiting on Indian Wells answer as injury update shared After jumping 18 spots in the rankings this week to No 52, Murray also reflected on his run in Doha and his lengthy matches this year, having also played back-to-back five-setters at the Australian Open with his second-round match becoming the longest of his career with his latest finish. “Because it’s not happened in my career before, I’m aware that the matches I’ve had this year have been ridiculous,” he admitted. And Murray also revealed that he had received messages from Carlos Alcaraz and WTA world No 1 Iga Swiatek following his run in Doha. “It seems that I have had six, seven matches in a row that were all epic ones. It’s nice getting messages from those players. Obviously, I have a lot of respect for them,” he said.