Arsenal could end up involved in a transfer tussle with Real Madrid as Los Blancos reportedly view Dusan Vlahovic as a long-term replacement for Karim Benzema. The Gunners are among the clubs to be credited with an interest in the Juventus star who could be on the move from the Italian giants despite only joining the club 12 months ago. Vlahovic was one of the most sought-after strikers in world football when he signed for Juventus in January 2022 following a series of impressive displays for Fiorentina. The Serbian has scored 19 times in 42 appearances in a little over a year at the club however this has not stopped speculation over his future. Juventus currently languish in seventh in the Serie A after a 15-point deduction for alleged financial wrongdoing. The Old Lady faces a huge battle to secure European football next season as a result and it is a situation that could see some of their top players, including Vlahovic, look for a way out. Arsenal and Manchester United have been linked with a move for him in the past but the Premier League giants could face formidable opposition from Real Madrid. AS reports that Los Blancos view the 23-year-old as a potential replacement for Benzema. He would come with a price tag in excess of £88m according to Tutto Mercato. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture The Frenchman is still the Spanish giants' talisman but he celebrated his 35th birthday in December and as such the club must consider a long-term plan. The captain’s contract expires at the end of the season but talks are ongoing over an extension to 2024 or 2025. The report states that discussions are currently ongoing internally over how to replace Benzema in the long-term with a striker of the profile of Kylian Mbappe or Erling Haaland preferred. Vlahovic could become an option if neither are attainable with the Serbian considered to be the third in line. It would not be the first transfer saga involving Vlahovic with the striker choosing Juventus over other interested parties including Arsenal in 2022. The Serb later admitted that he never really properly considered the Gunners with his heart set on a move to Turin instead. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat “Maybe my agent knows [about Arsenal’s offer] but I never talked to anyone about it," Vlahovic told the Telegraph in June last year. "I just had one club in my mind because Juventus is Juventus. There is nothing else to say. And now I feel honoured to be given this jersey. It’s incredible every time I put it on. “I definitely identify with their DNA. The Juventus personality coincides with my personality. When you come here you never give up, you fight all the time, you make the sacrifices. This was definitely what I was looking for.” It remains to be seen whether or not Arsenal or Madrid solidify their initial interest in Vlahovic but it looks increasingly clear that the player’s long-term future lies away from Juventus.