King Charles' name will be added to UK passports for the first time from summer following the death of his mother, the Queen. The historic change will see the transition from “Her Majesty” to “His Majesty” and will be phased in on all new passports issued later this year, a minister has said. Old EU burgundy passports was replaced with dark blue documents in 2020 following Brexit. And with the death of Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth II last year, all new documents will now feature King Charles III. The rebranding comes in line with the UK recognising a new head of state with changes also on stamps, the legal system and for coins and banks notes. Labour MP Apsana Begum tabled a question earlier this month regarding the passport change. It read: “To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department, when the HM Passport Office will replace instances of the phrase Her Majesty to His Majesty on newly-printed UK passports.” Responding yesterday, the minister responsible, Robert Jenrick MP replied: “The changes will be implemented in a phased way from this summer. “British passports issued in the name of Her Majesty the Queen will continue to remain valid travel documents until their expiry date.” British passports last up to 10 years, meaning those issued after Her Majesty’s death in September last year will be valid into the 2030s. The first UK coins with the effigy of King Charles III were released in December 2022. However, all coins with Queen Elizabeth II’s head will remain legal tender. More than 27 billion coins bearing the Queen’s likeness are still in circulation, and will be replaced over time. In the legal system QC, Queen’s Counsel, for Barristers has changed to KC, King’s Counsel and on from April 4 new stamps bearing the image of the King will be released. Again, the old stamps will remain in circulation until they run out. The King has given clear instructions to Royal Mail he did not want the old stamps thrown away, the company’s director of external affairs said. READ MORE: Humiliated Putin forced to pay Russians to attend pro-war event in Moscow stadium The Queen Consort pulled out of a visit to a food redistribution charity with the King as she continues to recover from Covid this week. King Charles made a solo trip instead to meet staff and volunteers at The Felix Project in east London on Wednesday morning. Buckingham Palace said Camilla had made an "excellent recovery" but was taking time out ahead of a busy day of royal engagements on Thursday. Camilla, 75, contracted coronavirus last week for the second time and missed a run of engagements after suffering cold-like symptoms. A Palace spokesperson said: "Her Majesty has made an excellent recovery from last week's illness. "However, to allow for additional preparation ahead of Thursday's rescheduled literary reception and other commitments, Her Majesty will not be attending today's Felix Project engagement. His Majesty's diary remains unaffected." The Palace announced on February 13 - nine days ago - that Camilla had tested positive for Covid-19. She missed visits to Milton Keynes, Birmingham and Telford last week and postponed a Clarence House literary reception to celebrate the second anniversary of her Reading Room book club, which is now due to take place on Thursday. DON'T MISS: Meghan underestimated how far down Hollywood 'pecking order' she'd be, former friend says