  Georgia Taylor, 43, appears to have confirmed she is dating co-star Charlie de Melo, 33, after the pair shared a sweet selfie on a recent trip to Scotland. The Coronation Street stars played on-screen couple Toyah Battersby and Imran Habeeb in the popular ITV soap.      The actress recently celebrated her birthday with a stunning trip to Scotland, where she shared a cute snap with Charlie via Instagram. The pair cosied up in pic, with the actress looking snug in a woolly hat, scarf and sunglasses. “Birthday treat up Arthur’s Seat,” she captioned the photo, referring to the ancient volcano in Edinburgh. The picture prompted many fans to reach out to congratulate the actress and to ask about the pair’s relationship status. READ MORE: King Charles's Coronation mocked by Jedward as A-listers shun event      “Are you together with Charlie now?” asked Alison, while Nancy sent a string of heart eyes emojis, commenting: “Beautiful picture of you and Charlie de Melo.” “So happy for you two! Enjoy!” added Andrea. Georgia reportedly grew close to her former co-star in recent months after her “split” from partner of 14 years, Mark Letheren. Speaking about her rumoured romance with Charlie, a source said the pair had been dating for a few months.     "They became great friends while playing on-screen lovers in Corrie and when they found themselves single their relationship developed into a romance," the source told The Sun. The pair further sparked romance rumours earlier this month when they appeared in a photo together on social media next to ex-EastEnders star Charlie Brooks and actor Mark Peachey after watching the duo in stage play The Ocean. The snap came just weeks after the actress and her ex Mark reportedly split after 14 years together. The pair are said to no longer be living together in their shared home after splitting in July 2022. READ MORE... Dan Walker explains why he didn't use cycle lane after accident [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' [NEWS] Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash [NEWS]      Mark, who is best known for starring on The Bill, hinted he had parted ways with Georgia in a heart-wrenching post in late 2022. He wrote: “It’s been the worst year after a number of increasingly s**t years. My life finally fell apart. “Thankfully, I’m incredibly lucky and have a family who have picked up the pieces and are trying to help me re-build myself.     “It’s thanks to them I’m still here and trying to move forward. For that I am truly grateful. “Whatever the new year brings I hope that strength, humility, joy and love are in abundance for you all.” Express.co.uk have contacted Georgia and Charlie’s representatives for comment.   