A man attacked Jet2 staff in a drunken attack, threatening staff and branding one employee a "fat s***". Kyle Windsor was also found to have a wrap of cocaine in his pocket following a four-hour drinking session before boarding the flight to Ibiza in July. Tameside magistrates court heard that the defendant also "shoved" a staff member in a bid to get past him. The court heard that Windsor shouted "who the f*** are you" at families waiting to board the flight as staff members Roy Franklin and Sarah McLean refused him entry to the flight. As he was turned away Windsor pushed over Franklin, sending him crashing into a metal barrier, but he was not injured in the incident. In a statement to police, Mr Franklin said he was "disappointed". He said: "This incident was purely down to alcohol. I have been working at the airport with Jet2 for just over four months and this was a first for me. I come to work to help people, not to be assaulted.” Ms McLean was branded a "fat s***" by the defendant whilst in the presence of families and children. In her statement, she said: “I should not have to come to work and be threatened for carrying out my duties. I have a duty of care to protect my colleagues, passengers and the aircraft. This incident was witnessed by many young children and this would no doubt have a had a negative effect on their holiday experience.'' Windsor admitted common assault, using threatening behaviour, being drunk and disorderly and possession of cocaine. Jack Moore, prosecuting, told the court that the defendant arrived four hours early for his flight and consumed "vast amounts of drink" from duty-free. He said: "Airport staff were made aware of his increasingly drunken behaviour by a number of reports made by holidaymakers in the terminal. Four hours later, at 17:08, Roy Franklin and Sarah McLean refused the defendant entry onto his flight. "Both of the Jet2 employees reported that the defendant was clearly intoxicated and was unsteady on his feet. He was also loud and obnoxious towards staff and other passengers." He continued, adding that Windsor became "aggressive" and "verbally threatened" Ms McLean. READ MORE: Waiter convicted of killing co-worker with broken bottle over $20 tip Toni Moran, mitigating, told the court that Windsor was going away after a recent breakup and was self-medicating with alcohol. She told the court that Windsor "thought the white snap bag of powder was ketamine, not cocaine". She continued: " Regarding the assault, he attempted to push past Mr Franklin to great through to the aircraft. He just wanted to get on the plane. Before he was arrested he did apologise to Mr Franklin and this was acknowledged by the victim. "In all fairness to the victim, he was very magnanimous and didn’t over-exaggerate the incident in his statement.''  Ms Moran told the court that Windsor suffers from ADHD, and asthma and was left with PTSD after not being able to access medical assistance during the pandemic. She added: "He was prescribed anti-depressants but has been infrequent in his dosage. "While he doesn’t drink daily he does binge drink and has realised that this is his problem. As a result, he has since given up drinking." Windsor was fined £189 with £453 in costs and was ordered to complete 10 rehabilitation activity days as part of a six-month community sentence. 