The charred remains of a 27-year-old and her dog were found in a storage container which had allegedly been locked by her boyfriend before it was set on fire. Morgan Kay Harris and her beloved pet perished in the fire at the storage unit and partner Alexander Wardell, 30, is accused of locking them inside. However, police said the fire started after Wardell left the area. Its cause is undetermined and under investigation, officials have said. According to police, Wardell locked Harris and her dog in the storage unit and walking away. READ MORE: Missing woman identified after severed foot discovered in shoe near mouth of river The incident, which took place in Murray, a small city situated eight miles south of Salt Lake City, Nevada, occurred one day after Wardell was released from jail. In a statement, Harris’ family said it was “devastated” by her death and asked for privacy “as we manoeuvre through the unimaginable”. “Our daughter, Morgan Kay Harris was always known for her sweet, shy, and kind temperament, being a deep thinker with amazing artistic abilities and always having an infectious giggle," the statement continued. DON'T MISSJournalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] “She was a beautiful model and makeup artist and a successful medical assistant. Just recently (she was) starting a new job in the Draper area she was excited about. She loved her dog, Huck, who passed with her. Leaving behind her parents, siblings, nieces, and nephews whom she adored.” Court records indicate that Wardell was convicted of aggravated assault in two domestic violence-related cases in 2019. He was arrested on Friday for violating the conditions of his probation for those cases. He posted bail and was released just before midnight the same day, court records show. One day after the incident happened, Wardell was taken to the Salt Lake County Jail on homicide and kidnapping charges, as well as a probation violation. He is being held without bail.