Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has reportedly met with Neymar’s entourage recently to discuss a potential summer move. The forward could leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season, with all parties keen to explore different exit plans. Neymar has been a key figure at the Parc des Princes since joining the club from Barcelona in 2017, scoring 81 in 111 appearances for the club. However, despite still being widely regarded as one of the best in the business, the Brazilian international is at risk of outstaying his welcome in the Ligue 1. The forward is struggling for form in big matches for PSG, despite his impressive domestic record of 12 goals and 10 assists in 19 appearances, with speculation brewing that the higher powers at PSG are growing tired of his ‘misconduct’ off of the pitch as well. Thus, the French side are ready to listen to offers for the ex-Barca star. According to Foot Mercato, Chelsea’s Boehly met with Nasser Al-Khelaifi to discuss Neymar - among other things - earlier this week, and the American businessman has now held talks with his agents. The Blues have expressed their interest in signing the 31-year-old, with Boehly making it known that he is particularly fond of the No 10. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team Reports have speculated that PSG are more keen to retain the services of Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappe than Neymar over the summer, with both players attracting interest from elsewhere. Thus, Christophe Galtier’s side are welcoming interest in Neymar and are more than willing to open talks with clubs. Chelsea have not shied away from splashing the cash since Boehly’s arrival last year, with the owner desperate to continue rebuilding the club and adding marquee players to his ranks. Therefore, the fee that PSG demand for Neymar is unlikely to be out of their reach – though they will be hoping that Manchester United’s reported interest in the Brazil captain does not spark a bidding war for his services.  Fears are growing that Neymar’s poor performances could prompt teams to turn their attention to other targets. Addressing his criticism ahead of PSG’s defeat to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday, the forward said: “I’m feeling good, physically and mentally. In some matches, things don’t go so well. There are also matches where you want to do everything but you don’t manage it. “Criticism is legitimate, everyone is entitled to their opinion, to their point of view. I respect that. I’m doing everything I can for the club and the team, I will do so until the end of the season. I have a lot of faith in myself. I’ve always been at a top level since I’ve been in Europe. I know what I’m capable of and my qualities. We’re all ready for the clash, we have a great team to put in a very good performance.”