With food prices hitting record highs, Iceland is running a 12-day, in-store promotion to help families with the additional costs. Customers entitled to Free School Meal vouchers through the Government scheme will be able to spend theirs at Iceland and The Food Warehouse - and they can cash in some extra money using their Bonus Card, too. Starting on Monday, February 13, customers who visit stores with the e-gift cards and scan their Bonus Card will receive handy additional savings worth over 13 percent. The promotion will end on Friday, February 24, as pupils head back to school to begin the new term. Eligible customers will receive a £15 voucher per child for the half-term week from their schools or local councils. These can be converted into an Iceland e-gift card through the supplier portal, where the customer can choose which supermarket to spend their vouchers in. READ MORE: DWP to increase rates for state pension, PIP and Universal Credit  To help make the vouchers go even further, customers redeeming a full £15 voucher at Iceland or The Food Warehouse can also scan their Bonus Card and receive £2 back on their card to use on their next shop. So, for example, if a parent of three were to spend all three of their Free School Meal Vouchers at either Iceland or The Food Warehouse, they would receive an extra £6 back onto their Bonus Card. Commenting on the new promotion, Richard Walker, executive chairman at Iceland, said: “Supporting families continues to be a high priority for Iceland. Times are especially tough right now, with grocery price inflation recently hitting a record 16.7 percent, adding a potential £788 to annual shopping bills.” DON'T MISS: Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Woman shares 'great' method to earn an extra £1k a month in local pubs [EXPLAINED]I tested seven cheap gadgets that heat your home [INSIGHT]    Mr Walker continued: “With this in mind, we’re keen to help ease pressures on families during the half-term period through not only providing additional value to this excellent Government scheme but also reminding and encouraging families to use these vouchers over the break.” The supermarket has also launched two new bundles available for under £16, with a dozen products in each, to make sure parents have what they need to keep their little ones fed well over the half-term week. According to the frozen supermarket giant, each bundle can save shoppers up to £3. READ MORE: Woman feels 'ripped off' as £30 gas top-up disappears overnight  This offer is available to customers with a registered Bonus Card or Bonus Card App account, who are entitled to receive a school holiday meal allowance from the UK Government. Those who have hold of an Iceland Bonus Card are awarded a flat £1 bonus each time they spend £20.  This scheme runs all year round, meaning there is no cut-off point to receive a bonus. The £1 is simply added whenever £20 is deposited to the account. People can also get 'Bonus Card prices' in-store, which are only available to people paying with a bonus card. The maximum bonus that can be earned with this card is £50 and there is no expiry date to spend it. 