Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has slammed Andy Carroll’s horror tackle on Christian Eriksen insisting it “did not belong on a football pitch”. The United midfielder suffered ankle ligament damage when hacked down by Carroll in the FA Cup clash with Reading on Saturday. After confirming his player would be on the sidelines until April Ten Hag left Carroll in no doubt he believed he was guilty of reckless behaviour. “Football has to set limits, restrictions, that protect the players,” said Ten Hag. “What football wants is the best players available on the pitch. This is a tackle – and the two tackles after it – that don’t belong on a pitch, because there is a high risk of injuring your colleague. “It’s worse and I’m left wondering about that.” Carroll was lucky not to be booked for his challenge on the Danish midfielder which Ten Hag said was “disappointing”. But two minutes later he was booked for barging into Tyrell Malacia and saw red six minutes after that for ploughing through Casemiro. Ten Hag was diplomatic when asked whether he believed Carroll had deliberately intended to injure United players. “I make my view about already. I think it was quite clear what my thoughts were,” he said. But he admitted the injury to Eriksen leaves United short of options in midfield going into the busiest and most important part of the season. But he maintained it was nothing compared to the disappointment felt by the player who is likely to be out “until late April or early May” according to a club statement. United hope the midfielder will be back to play a role in the final stages of the season but Ten Hag conceded the injury to a key player was a blow they could do without. “Christian is disappointed about it, we are disappointed about it, but it happens in top football, it shouldn’t have happened but it did and you have to deal with it,” said the United boss. Ten Hag was then asked about how he will replace Eriksen with his current crop of players, given that there are no obvious candidates with similar traits, to which he replied: “I think you can never fill that because every player has their own characteristics and identity, so another player will always fill it in in a different way. So, it doesn't mean that you have to be less successful but it's quite clear that Christian Eriksen, for our squad, brings top quality and he has some specifics that are hard to replace. For instance, his impact in the final third, [with his] final ball."