Laura Hamilton announced her separation from her husband Alex Goward in January 2022 after 10 years of marriage. The A Place In The Sun presenter shares children, Rocco, eight, and Tahlia, seven, with the insurance broker. Laura has been keeping fans up to date as she enjoys her time in the UAE sun while on a family holiday in Dubai. The 40-year-old posted updates as she worked out on the beach with her son Rocco acting as her spotter. And she’s enjoyed quality time with her daughter Tahlia as they took on a high-energy trampolining class. While Alex has not appeared in Laura's Instagram stories, he posted snaps on his own account, telling his own followers he was jetting off for a break in Dubai, according to the Mirror. READ MORE: Billie Shepherd cruelly slammed by trolls after sharing snaps of baby  Despite their split, the former couple have remained close and have enjoyed holidays together as a family. According to the MailOnline, the Channel 4 star revealed that she and Alex enjoyed two holidays with their children last year with a third planned in December of 2022. At the time, she said: "I will say to the kids that we can see this is a challenge but let's try to take something positive from it. "We are going skiing on boxing day together, that will be another family holiday — my ex-partner is coming and the children are really excited about that.   "We've always said that we will co-parent our children and would continue to have family holidays. I'm really grateful that we've got a fantastic positive parenting approach." Last year the family enjoyed trips to Spain and Greece. Addressing their breakup, Laura penned on Instagram: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty bids farewell to colleague as BBC editor steps down[LATEST]Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death[US]Jeremy Clarkson confirms future of Clarkson's Farm after 'axe' claims[TV] Laura illustrated the post with a picture of a quote reading: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." The presenter has been sharing photos from her luxurious getaway as she was inundated with messages after posting a bikini picture. Laura posed on the beach in a two-piece bikini as she showed off her taut abs and toned legs. In view of her 176,000 followers, she captioned the post: "Thank you @tessdaly and @gayle_x_ for recommending such an amazing place @rixosthepalmdubai. I will be living in @naia_beach all week!" She added the hashtags: "#gifted #grateful #swimwear #dubai #halfterm." Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as Leon wrote: "I think you just broke the internet, Laura." Brian penned: "You have an amazing body," while Carol added: "You look incredible." A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm. 