American tennis legend Serena Williams has held the top spot in the Women’s Tennis Association rankings numerous times over her stellar career, and enjoyed a staggering amount of success in the sport. Twenty three. That’s how many Grand Slam singles titles the former world No 1 has won, the most of any athlete in the Open era. By the time she was three, Williams’s father, Richard, was teaching her to play tennis. Along with her sister, Venus, Serena quickly showed a talent for the sport and the two practiced tennis daily on Compton’s public courts. When Serena was nine, the Williams family moved to Palm Beach, Florida. There, Serena and Venus both began playing against other junior tennis players. Fast forward a number of years and both Serena and Venus were at the height of their games. The sister duo would both go on to win Grand Slam and numerous titles, but it was Serena who would excel in that department. In total, the Michigan native holds a combined 39 Grand Slam titles - 23 in singles, 14 in women's doubles, and two in mixed doubles. She is joint-third on the all-time list and second in the Open Era for total major titles. She also bagged Olympic Gold medals at Sydney (2000), Beijing (2008), and London (2012). The 41-year-old has drawn a total of £79million ($95m) as prize money from the WTA Tour, much more than any other female tennis player. Approximately, she earns more than £6m ($8m) a year through her tennis career. She also has an estimated net worth of £187m ($225m). With a career spanning over two decades, Williams has had numerous on-court rivalries with several top WTA stars. During the initial stages of her career, Serena consistently faced and won against sister Venus, Justine Henin, and Jennifer Capriati. Williams won her first Grand Slam as a fresh-faced 17-year-old at US Open 1999. From 2002 to 2003 - the French Open 2002 to Australian Open 2003 - she attained the 'Serena Slam' by pulling off all four Majors in a row. The American ace did it again in 2014-15. Serena and her sister's early life struggles were depicted in a motion picture towards the end of 2021. The movie, titled 'King Richard' focuses on the Williams story told through the lens of their father, a former tennis coach. As soon as the movie released, it garnered immense praise from critics as well as the general audience. Will Smith, who portrayed their father, also won the Golden Globe award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture drama. The year 2017 would mark a huge point in Serena's life. The star would take a back seat from tennis as she married Alexis Ohanian, the co-founder of Reddit. Before their marriage, they were blessed with a daughter named Alexis Olympia. She returned to the tour at Wimbledon 2018, where she reached the finals. The next year, she faced a third-round upset in French Open 2019. Later, she reached the final at Wimbledon 2019 and US Open 2019. Alas, she failed to win either. After losing the 2021 Australian Open, Williams was forced to withdraw from Wimbledon and the US Open. Serena then became the latest sporting star to tease a comeback after indicating she would finish her legendary career on court in 2022 to focus on her family. Williams played competitive tennis since participating in the 2022 US Open in September. The 41-year-old received a heartfelt send-off following her loss to Ajla Tomljanovic in the third round of the Grand Slam tournament. The comments seemingly backtrack on Williams announcing her retirement earlier this year, when the athlete told Vogue she was “evolving away from tennis” after the US Open. Williams wrote: "I have never liked the word retirement. It doesn't feel like a modern word to me. I've been thinking of this as a transition, but I want to be sensitive about how I use that word, which means something very specific and important to a community of people. Maybe the best word to describe what I'm up to is evolution." Though the star did not formally announce her retirement, her comments were widely interpreted and reported as a farewell and Williams received tributes befitting the retirement of an athlete considered one the best in the world. Marking a monumental moment for Williams, she was baptised as one of Jehovah's Witnesses in January 2023. Serena's sister Venus also follows the religion, while her daughter Olympia is being brought up with it as well. Even in her retirement, or what she called her evolution from the sport, Williams continues to remain an enigma. No one knows the real answer and the 23-time Grand Slam champion added to the mystery with her latest comments in her first public appearance since her send-off party at the US Open in October 2022. She told The San Francisco Standard: "I am not retired. The chances of me returning are very high. You can come to my house and see I have a court."