Amy Tapper, 23, took to Instagram yesterday to showcase snaps of herself wearing the same skirt but at different weights, to highlight just how drastically her figure has changed over the last 12 months. "Safe to say I worked hard from the age of 22 to 23," she told her followers. Amy uploaded two photos of herself - one snap taken last year and another from her 22nd birthday party in January. In the image from 2022, the TV personality can be seen wearing a princess-inspired dress with a detachable skirt - complete with a silver tiara. Referring to her throwback snap, Amy added: "(Check my stories for what the skirt on the left looks like on me now!!!!)" Over on her Instagram Stories, the Channel 4 star could be seen posing in the blue skirt in the present day - with the garment clearly several sizes too big for her as she held the waistband out.  "All jokes aside, this was a crazy realisation for me today," she confessed to her fans. "Sometimes when you see yourself every day you don't always see it but you feel it and today I saw it so I thought I'd share as I'm fairly proud of myself." "Such a good role model! Working so hard and being healthy! Inspiration," one of her followers said. The TV star has lost three stone over the past eight months thanks to exercising regularly and following the Goal Getter meal plan. In addition to shedding some pounds, Amy has also lost 18cm from her waist, 11cm from her chest and 9cm from her hips The reality TV star has previously admitted that she's struggled with her weight from a very young age. Amy first burst onto our screens on the Channel 4 favourite in 2013 and remained on the show until 2018 with her parents and brother Josh. Appearing on the show when she was just 13, Amy told the Daily Mail earlier this year that it was after she came under scrutiny from trolls who commented on not just her - and her father's - weight but her voice too on the show, that she made a change to her lifestyle. DONT MISS: Brenda Edwards on how she will mark anniversary of son Jamal’s death (PHOTOS)Deborah James’ brother details most important part of her cancer fight (NEWS)Andrea McLean admits brands ‘dropped her' after she quit Loose Women (LATEST) She told the publication: "My dad and I would both get nasty comments about our weight and I'd also get people criticising my voice for being too loud. It was quite upsetting. “There were people on Twitter calling us 'the fat family from Gogglebox' but my mum and my brother have never had any problems with their weight." Her amazing weight loss has come after she embarked on a programme by MuscleFood Goal Getters which helps her plan her meals, train with a personal trainer and cooking more homecooked meals - among other things. She has since become somewhat of an ambassador for weight loss. Of changing her lifestyle, she said: "I used to find healthy eating hard due to having a social life and constantly being out with my friends and I then realised that mindset was what was holding me back. "I used to think to myself, 'When is the right time?' then I realised that I had to make it the right time." In late October, after six months of being on this plan, she took to Instagram to showcase to her fans just how far she'd come. "I’m so proud of how far I’ve come but I’ve still got a way to go… just over 3 stone down AND -18cm around my waist, at the best mental and physical health I’ve ever been and I genuinely could not be happier," she stated.