Meghan Markle revealed that she is "sucker" for Valentine's Day and even used the annual day to make a special announcement in 2021. On February 14, 2021, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex revealed that they were expecting their second child, a younger sibling for their son, Archie Harrison. The date chosen by the couple to reveal their happy news echoed that of a past royal pregnancy announcement. Princess Diana chose Valentine's Day, in 1984, to share her and the now-King Charles' announcement of her pregnancy with Prince Harry. Speaking in the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Netflix series, which was released in December, Harry said that two people sent him a newspaper front page from that day, both showing a feature of his late mother announcing that she was pregnant with her second child. He said: "I was shocked. READ MORE: Charles 'dotes' on all his grandchildren but one brings out his 'fun' side "We had no idea. It was just a coincidence, or maybe not a coincidence." Meghan is known for special personal touches, especially when it comes to her husband and two children. In their Netflix series, titled Harry and Meghan, the 41-year-old can be seen making a special balloon arch for Archie's birthday, as well as organising a tea party for their daughter, who celebrated her first birthday in June 2022. In his memoir, Spare, Harry also revealed that Meghan wrote him a love poem after the birth of their daughter. READ MORE: 'Ambitious' Kate 'redefining' herself to win back popularity after bombshell Spare claims  Also, in 2015, Meghan offered some advice for February 14, to single people around the world, on her blog. Meghan wrote at the time: "I think you need to be your own Valentine. "I think you need to cook that beautiful dinner even when it's just you, wear your favorite outfit, buy yourself some flowers, and celebrate the self love that often gets muddled when we focus on what we don't have." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] In Spare, Harry revealed that the couple shared their pregnancy news, with their first child, at his cousin Princess Eugenie's wedding in October 2018. Harry stated that after their wedding, in May 2018, he and Meghan hoped to start a family. In a past interview before meeting Meghan, Harry revealed that he wanted two children "maximum". The couple's son Archie was born almost to the day after their wedding, in May 2019.