Bev Dumbleton, Sykes Holiday Cottages’ chief operating officer, shared her six best ways to save on a staycation. The travel expert had a few ideas to find the cheapest deal. Bev said: “Those looking to be savvier with their staycation spending should consider swapping the tourist hotspots for some lesser-known cost-effective alternatives. “Whether it is ditching a beach break in Cornwall for Chichester or trading the Lake District for the Eden Valley, there are so many great alternatives to consider where accommodation prices will likely be lower. “Savvy travellers can also lookout for areas with low-cost activities and days out, be it exploring Blackpool’s numerous attractions or getting lost in the Welsh valleys with hikes or adventures.” While Cornwall is one of the UK’s priciest destinations, Chichester could be a cheaper alternative. READ MORE: UK’s top staycation destination has ‘Med worthy beaches’ Bev advised: “Quite often the cheapest way to travel is by car, especially if you’re in a big group or family and already have a suitable vehicle. “By staying closer to home rather than driving halfway across the country you can cut back on petrol costs, while also cutting down on the number of ‘are we there yet’ questions. “If you’d rather not drive or it isn’t an option, look into railcards to bring the cost of train tickets down, or try to book at least two months in advance to get the best prices.” British tourists could opt for a destination closer to home where they can save on travel costs. Bev said: “Although you might still be recovering from the cost of Christmas, booking a break now will likely help you secure your top choice of accommodation. “Late deals will of course crop up, but if you wait too long you might miss out on some of the most affordable options that will likely be particularly popular this year.” The most popular destinations could book up quickly, so it’s a good idea to move fast if Britons want to secure a particular destination. Late deals could be a better option if Britons are planning to travel outside of peak holiday periods. READ MORE: Cruise guests complain about passengers’ ‘rude’ behaviour Bev said: “For those that don’t have children in school, the difference between peak prices and off-peak can be significant and are well worth making the most of. “Squeezing in a late June staycation or waiting until September when the kids are back at school means not only will prices be lower, but there will also be far more choice. “If you can’t travel outside of school holidays, then keep an eye out for mid-week breaks rather than weekends which tend to be cheaper, while holidaying towards the end of the school holidays can be more affordable.” The end of school holidays tends to be a cheaper time to travel as many families like to get away as soon as school breaks up. Bev advised: “If you’re planning a staycation with friends or family, consider booking a larger holiday let and splitting the cost. “This will likely be a much cheaper option than individual hotel rooms or multiple holiday lets, while also making it much more fun. “And if you’ve got pets, also look out for any pet-friendly accommodation options. That way you can avoid paying for kennels or catteries while away - and it means you can bring any furry friends along with you.” A large holiday home could be a good way of saving money and splitting childcare between several family members.