Pension Credit can top up the income of a person of state pension age by up to £3,500 a year. Claiming the benefit also provides access to several other Government schemes including a free TV licence for people aged 75 and over. The interactive form has been created as part of a DWP campaign to raise awareness of the benefit, which is thought to be hugely underclaimed. A person can fill in the form online and then download and post it off to the Pension Service, providing an alternative for those who cannot fill in the form over the phone. Some 850,000 state pensioners are estimated to be missing out on the support. Pensions Minister Laura Trott said: "A key message of DWP’s Pension Credit awareness campaign, which has been running since last April is that claiming and receiving even a small amount of Pension Credit can act as a gateway to a wide range of other help including access to the Warm Home Discount Scheme." Pensions Credit tops up a person’s weekly income to £182.60 for a single claimant and up to £278.70 for couples, as part of the Guaranteed Credit element of the payment. READ MORE: Warning to lock in fixed rate mortgage as interest rates likely to continue to rise  Extra payments are available through the scheme for those who are severely disabled or who care for another adult. Claimants may also be eligible for a council tax reduction, discounted NHS treatment and help towards housing and mortgage payments. Those on the benefit will also get a £900 cost of living payment for those on means-tested benefits, to be paid in three instalments over the next tax year. Claimants may also be eligible for the £300 cost of living payment for pensioner households in the next financial year to help them cover everyday bills. DON'T MISS: Lloyds Bank customers can get 5.25% interest rate with limited account [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED] Pension Credit payments are increasing by 10.1 percent along with several other benefits in April, including Universal Credit. This means the Guaranteed Credit top up will increase to £201.05 for single claimants and up to £306.85 for couples. A person can find out how much Pension Credit they could claim using a calculator tool on the Government website. State pension payments are also going up by 10.1 percent in April. The full basic state pension is increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week. READ MORE: New savings account paying 'top rate' 3.03 percent interest rate Those on the full new state pension will see their payments go up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. The triple lock policy was reinstated last year, with state pension payments increasing in line with last September’s figure for inflation. The policy guarantees the state pension increasing each year in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the increase in average earnings or the rate of inflation. The current state pension age is 66 for both men and women, with plans for this to gradually increase to 67 and then 68 over the coming years. Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, warned previously the triple lock guarantee may not last much longer. He said last year: “Next year’s increase could be its ‘last gasp’ as the current formula is looking increasingly unsustainable. “Financially, it won’t have been an easy decision for the government looking to fill a £50billion fiscal black hole – every one percent increase in the state pension costs around £0.9billion a year. “And this isn’t paid for out of some fund built up in the past but from the National Insurance paid for by today’s workers.”