A "bubbly" mum of three tragically passed away while seven months pregnant. Zoe Green suffered a cardiac arrest on February 7. The 26-year-old's unborn child, whom she had decided to name Cobie, also died due to a lack of oxygen to the brain, according to a friend of the family. Zoe, from Kettering, Northamptonshire, was mum to Lincoln, five; Oakleigh, four; and Ralphie, 10 months. An autopsy is due to be carried out this week. Kelly Mercer, who works at a youth group that Zoe used to attend, has set up a GoFundMe page to support the children and cover funeral costs. She said she spoke to the mum on Monday, February 6, as Zoe's son would attend the youth group.   She said: "Zoe went to school with my daughter. I've known her all her life. "On Tuesday morning she rang her mum, at 5.30am in the morning, saying she didn't feel very well. "Her mum lives five minutes away, but by the time she walked down, Zoe was dead on the floor in the bathroom. "She was stuck between the bath and the door and they couldn't get in. "She leaves behind three children and then obviously she was seven months pregnant. "Unfortunately, the baby then had no oxygen so he then died. Everybody is in complete shock. "She goes today to Leicester Royal Infirmary because there's nobody that does post-mortems on pregnant ladies in the area. "Hopefully, by the end of the week, they'll actually know what actually happened. "To our knowledge, she was fine. She just woke in the night and didn't feel well so phoned her mum who would pop along. "At the moment it's down as cardiac arrest, but obviously, it may be something else with the post-mortem. "We're doing different things to try to help." Kelly has helped organise a raffle and, along with the GoFundMe, the proceeds will go towards funeral arrangements and supporting Zoe's young family. The two eldest are currently with Zoe's parents while the youngest, Ralphie, is currently residing with his father. Kelly said: "They're so young and people are just helping out where they can. "Her partner is in shock as well. Zoe went to school with my daughter and came to my youth group as a kid. "She was a lovely girl and very bubbly. She would work part-time and was a really nice girl. It is absolutely awful. "We're just trying to raise as much as we can and just make the day a bit easier for them. "We will fundraise until March 9 and then I'm going to do a coffee morning on March 10, unless it's the funeral."  As of February 15, the GoFundMe has raised £3,590 - smashing its original target of £2000 which it reached within 24 hours. Kelly added: "A man who used to live on the estate bought a Nintendo Switch for us to raffle so that's another £300 We're just doing little things. "Somebody else has donated a scooter but people have been absolutely amazing. "My daughter's the same age. I thought it could be my daughter and it's just so heart-breaking. "People have been lovely. I know the kids need to get bunk beds as it is different having them now and again to having them permanently. "It helps in a way but it still doesn't help the pain. Hopefully, it helps financially. "She probably wouldn't have had a will or anything like that. Her mum and dad are not in that position either." If you wish to donate to the GoFundMe page, click here. 