The Brenda Palmer star has described Mark as a "brilliant soul" adding it was great "fun" to film with the actor. The pair have been working on Father Brown together for some time with just two episodes left in the current series. Actress Ruby said of working with Mark: “It was so enjoyable, He [Mark] is a brilliant soul, full of fun, passion, and knowledge. "He taught me so much during those four months, all the camera tricks and tips and the secrets of working on the Father Brown set. “Mark is such a lovely character and it was such a privilege working alongside him and all our brilliant cast and crew members.” Ruby also admitted she instantly “fell in love with Brenda” from the moment she read the script. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Speaking of her character and the extended cast, she continued: "I absolutely fell in love with Brenda. She’s feisty, tough, fun, and full of fight and passion. “The Father Brown team was so welcoming, warm, supportive, and brilliant. It’s such a family.” The actress also loved filming in the Cotswolds and described it as "a great experience". “I loved it," she said. "I was a long way from home, so it was lovely to work in the countryside surrounded by nature. “I adored getting out for a morning run before going to set. “I think the whole cast and crew really enjoyed spending the summer in such a peaceful, blissful, and stunning location. “Hearing the birds chirping and nature all around you whilst filming a scene was incredible, so peaceful. We were so lucky.” Ruby also paid tribute to the set and costume designers, explaining: “It’s warm, family-friendly, and exciting. DON'T MISS:Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [TV]EastEnders' Zack and Whitney shaken after baby Peach's death [LATEST] “There is of course the beautiful old English feel, with the countryside views and landscapes. “The old cars, the costumes, the set - it all comes together and works so brilliantly. “It’s a show that definitely appeals and thrives worldwide.” Commenting on Mrs Devine's style, Ruby confessed: "I adored Mrs. Devine’s gorgeous style, some absolutely stunning dresses, and pieces. “Brenda had some very cool co-ords, too. Stunning patterns and super fun. The whole cast looked grand!” Ruby’s tribute comes as Mark revealed due to the success of Father Brown, worldwide fans have recognised him in some unusual places, with a few “bursting into tears” when meeting him. Describing an encounter when he was filming, he said: "We were filming in Blockley, which doubles as Kembleford. This Bulgarian woman had only gone there to look at the church. "But when she saw us filming, she just burst into tears. I never knew you would be filming here!" Father Brown airs Friday on BBC One at 1.45pm