Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. It then might be ‘withdrawn’ or taken off the shelves, or ‘recalled’ when customers are asked to not eat the product and return it to store. Some foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. When there is a food allergy risk, the Food Standards Agency will issue an Allergy Alert. Here are the current items being recalled from Lidl, Aldi, Quorn and Tesco. Lidl GB is recalling Deluxe Strolghino Salami because Salmonella has been found in the product. Symptoms caused by Salmonella usually include fever, diarrhoea and abdominal cramps. Pack size: 250g Use by: April 13, 2023 and May, 8 2023 As well as recalling the above product, point of sale notices will be displayed in retail stores that are selling this product. Customers are asked to not eat the product and return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. READ MORE: Four foods Royal Family will never eat including King Charles's rule Quorn Foods is recalling Frozen Quorn Swedish Style Balls because they may contain small pieces of plastic. The possible presence of plastic makes the product unsafe to eat and presents a potential choking hazard. Pack size: 300g Best before: September 30, 2024 As well as recalling the above product, point of sale notices will be displayed in retail stores that are selling this product. Customers are asked to not eat the product and return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. Alternatively, they can contact Quorn Customer Services at customer.services@quornfoods.com or 0345 602 9000. DON'T MISS...Smooth out wrinkles in ‘just 30 seconds’ with ‘amazing’ skin tonic [BEAUTY]Paint expert says to ‘avoid white or pale grey’ paint for walls [EXCLUSIVE]Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted [STYLE] Aldi also has an ongoing recall for arious Harvest Morn High Protein Bars  because they contain milk and/or peanuts and/or soya which may not be emphasised in bold type on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, an allergy to peanuts and/or an allergy to soya. As well as recalling the Harvest Morn products, point of sale notices will be displayed in retail stores that are selling this product. Customers are asked to not eat the product and return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. For further information, please contact Aldi customer services at help.aldi.co.uk or phone them on 0800 042 0800. READ MORE: James Martin’s recipe for the ‘best’ peppercorn sauce Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Peanuts, Soya Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter, 60g - All batch codes Allergens: Milk, Peanuts Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter, 180g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough, 180g - all batch codesAllergens: Milk, Peanuts, Soya Tesco Creamfields grated cheddar 500g is being recalled. This is because it may contain small pieces of clear, soft plastic which could make the product unsafe to eat. Pack size: 500g Best before date: 23 March 2023 Tesco Free From Golden Syrup Porridge Pot is being recalled because it contains milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. Pack size: 55g Batch code: 2252 Best before: 1 September 2023