Coronation Street star Julia Goulding has been off screens for a while as her character Shona accompanied her stepdaughter Lily (played by Brooke Malone) to London so the youngster could attend a football academy. The storyline accommodated Julia’s maternity leave and in November last year she welcomed her second child, a baby girl named Emmeline. However, while her real life may be blissful off-screen, her character is about to be dealt a bombshell as husband David (Jack P. Shepherd) drunkenly attempts to kiss his friend Maria Windass (Samia Longchambon). In scenes which air on Monday night the character returns to the cobbles and vows never to leave David again. In her absence he has had to deal with the furore surrounding stepson Max Turner’s (Paddy Bever) radicalisation into a right-wing terrorist group on his own. As Lily pursued her footballing dreams with Shona in tow, David has watched helplessly as Max was slowly groomed by evil racist Griff. This resulted in the teenager being imprisoned in Friday’s episode after he was charged with incitement to commit murder following the stabbing of Alya Nazir (Sair Khan). READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Unfortunately, Shona’s return coincides with her husband lunging at his friend for a kiss. Maria has been extremely supportive of David throughout Max’s trial when most of the Street has ostracised him. After a few drinks he finds himself drunkenly confiding in his pal and misreads the signals. Much to Maria’s horror he leans in for a smooch, and while the glamorous hairdresser rejects him, Shona has seen enough. Actress Goulding has discussed whether this would be enough to make her leave David and the cobbles for good. "The Shona of old would have, because she is more cutthroat,” Goulding told Inside Soap. “But Shona and David have been through so much together, and she really loves the kids; she quite likes the life she has. "She sees that as something worth saving — you do when you grow up, don’t you? You don’t pack your bags half as much when you have a row.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Daisy Midgeley stalking ordeal takes violent turn [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Jacob Hay's return [THEORY]Coronation Street's Alya Nazir and Ryan Connor set to reunite [SPOILER] Goulding also revealed Shona will lay the blame firmly at David’s feet. Eschewing the philosophy it takes two to tango she reserves her anger solely for her husband. “From Shona's point of view, there's no point laying the blame at Maria's door, which I think is really nice,” she said. "It shows female solidarity, rather than a woman immediately blaming the other woman.” While this storyline is sure to strike a chord with viewers it is far less dramatic than the plot used to explain Goulding’s absence when she had her first child. That time around she was involved in Christmas bloodbath, which saw gunman Derek Milligan (Craig Els) go on the rampage as he tried to kill loan shark Gary Windass (Mikey North). He fatally wounded Robert Preston (Tristan Gemmill) before meeting his own end falling from a Helter Skelter in the Winter Wonderland. Shona was caught in the crossfire and received a serious brain injury which saw her in a coma for several months while the star left to give birth to her son Franklin, who is now three. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.