Megyn Kelly says Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have "jumped the shark" and "won't recover" from a recent South Park episode mocking them. The animated comedy show implicitly took aim at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for demanding more privacy. The episode features the fictional red-headed Prince of Canada and his wife.  The couple move to a small town in search of privacy while simultaneously constantly drawing attention to themselves. Kelly, previously a host at Fox News, discussed the impact of the show's representation of the royals with Jim Geraghty and Michael Brendan Dougherty. The 52-year-old said: "I feel this is a pronouncement that they have jumped the shark, they are not beloved and her hopes of running for President, reported hopes, are all but dashed. "That's not happening. When South Park turns on you, there's no recovering." JUST IN: Queen Camilla sees boost to popularity despite recent spate of vicious trolling   Donald Trump, who is entering his third successive White House race, previously voiced support for the mother-of-two to run for the Oval Office. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry should be 'very concerned' after South Park 'went for the jugular' Speaking to Fox News in 2021, the 45th POTUS said: "Well I hope that happens because if that happened I think I’d have an even stronger feeling toward running. "I’m not a fan of hers. I think that what she talks about the Royal Family and the Queen, and I happen to think, I know the Queen as you know, I met with the Queen and I think the Queen is a tremendous person and I am not a fan of Meghan." Kelly's comments about support for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex falling appears to have been emulated in other opinion polls. A Redfield and Wilton opinion poll from 2,000 eligible US voters on January 16 gave the Duke a net approval rating of minus seven percent. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned[REPORT]   A previous poll from December 5 had Harry registering a positive net rating of 38 percent. Meghan's approval also collapsed from 23 percent to -13 percent. 