Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has defended Erling Haaland by admitting it's the rest of his side's fault when he suffers from a lack of service. And he has issued a strong response to suggestions that the 22-year-old striker is growing frustrated, despite his prolific debut season. Haaland was starved of service in Wednesday's 1-1 draw at RB Leipzig in the first leg of Man City's Champions League last-16 tie. He has scored just once in his last six appearances since his hat-trick against Wolves on January 22. And Guardiola has admitted that it's his entire team's fault that Haaland's goals are starting to dry up, rather than the Norwegian's. He said: "It's our fault. Erling has been good all season. It's not metrics. When I finish the game, one second later I know if he was involved or not and who should be involved more or not. "I don't need numbers or metrics; I know exactly. Yes, of course, it depends on us. We need to look for him a little more." JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter lifts lid on 'crisis talks' and aims Tuchel dig Guardiola strongly denied talk that Haaland has been left isolated in attack consistently, insisting he had chances to make an impact in the 1-1 draw at Nottingham Forest last weekend. But the 52-year-old claimed that being a striker is the most difficult position on the pitch, especially when more than one opponent marks you. And he admitted that 'it's fine' to be frustrated during a tricky spell and explained he feels the same way. "In the last game, you are right [he didn't touch the ball enough], but against Nottingham [Forest]? No. He had the chances in the first and second half," Guardiola said. "We talked about that many times. It's going to happen. Striker is the most difficult position, one man has two defenders, and with Erling, it's more. DON'T MISSFernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ this seasonLiverpool boss Klopp shuts down reporter after interrupting questionScholes clarifies Man Utd 'quadruple' comments in foul mouthed message "Lately, in the last game [vs Leipzig], I would agree. I said more control, more passes. Really intense in the first half, but in the second, we dropped a little bit, and that's why we struggled. "Against Leipzig, you're going to struggle. In that game, we should have looked for him more. "It's fine [if he's frustrated]. I'm frustrated too. You get frustrated in your life too sometimes, I'm sure. Happiness is overestimated!" Haaland will be desperate to break his rare duck when City travel to AFC Bournemouth on Saturday. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.