Emmerdale businesswoman Kim Tate (played by Claire King) was forced to apologise to Lydia (Karen Blick) and Sam Dingle (James Hooton) after Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) accused the Dingle favourite of stealing his watch. However, it came to a head on Monday night when Will and Sam got into a row at The Woolpack, which led newcomers Caleb Miligan (Will Ash) and Nicky (Lewis Cope) to intervene. Will was forced to swallow his pride when Kim told him to apologise to Caleb. This has caused friction between the pair, especially after Kim appeared to be going into business with Caleb. Things between the married couple became worse following Tuesday's episode when Will saw Lydia and Sam back working at Home Farm. Despite Sam not stealing his watch, Will seemed to be angry and issued a stark warning to Sam telling him: "I'll be watching you." READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit "Oh, I am quaking in my boots," Sam teased back as he walked off. Later on, Caleb seemed to stir things up between the pair after he heard Will badmouthing him. He taunted Will: "I thought you two were meant to be in the honeymoon period?" However, following the episode, fans took to social media to share their theories about Will and Kim's storyline. Many believe soap bosses are lining up an exit line for Will and he could be killed off. Others have become wary of Caleb, with many pleading with the Home Farm owner not to trust him. Mark Harding theorised: "Looking forward to Kim once more becoming a widow on #Emmerdale." Eli pleaded: "Can someone just murder Will. #emmerdale." (sic) DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes shares Ruth Langsford bedroom admission [VIDEO]Emily Atack in tears as she reads out disgusting messages sent daily [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn admits she 'isn't sure' of co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] Chris P went on to ask: "#Emmerdale are they trying to build Will up for an exit story?" (sic) While Ashley Grace tweeted: "Please ditch Whining Will #emmerdale." "Oh I do not like Will," Pam added. "He's got form for accusing people. He accused Kim of killing Harriet and still had a watch out of it. Time he went #Emmerdale." Lizzie Edwards threw another theory into the mix, predicting that Will is working with Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). She wrote: "#emmerdale I think Will Taylor and Cain Dingle working together and get revenge on Caleb because Jeff Hordley reveals how far Cain will go for revenge on Caleb and it the truth." (sic) Ryan Glendenning warned: "Kim needs to be careful going into business with Caleb. He's not to be trusted. #Emmerdale." Will is already suspicious of Caleb and it's clear to see there is tension between them. Could Kim Tate's husband end up getting killed off? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.