Gary Neville has shared concerns that Manchester United owners, the Glazer family, are trying to remain in charge of the club rather than sanctioning a full-scale sale. At least two serious bids have been lodged, but the American owners are also open to minority investment. The Glazers selling up after a controversial 18-year tenure at Old Trafford remains the most likely outcome. Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani and British businessman Sir Jim Ratcliffe submitted offers before Friday's soft deadline set by the Raine Group. But American hedge fund Elliott Management has since emerged, reportedly offering the Glazers financial backing to allow them to remain at the United helm. On the latest Gary Neville Podcast, he shared the fear among the United fanbase that Joel and Avram Glazer could maintain control of the club through minority investment. Neville said: "What scares United fans most at this moment in time is the feeling that the Glazer family are running this process to drive a massive price so two of them can stay in. "Then the rest of the family that want out can be bought out by, for instance, an American fund that wouldn't mind owning a minority share. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover impact on contract talks with Marcus Rashford emerges  "The absolute emphasis from all United fans is this has to be the end of the Glazer ownership. They've run out of money and not invested in the stadium. "The fans want a new stadium — whether that's Old Trafford refurbished or a new one rebuilt. The sporting project they've failed on in the last ten years. "It's doing quite well at the moment, third in the league, but it's not where Man United want to be. "There is a focus that this isn't one big charade that the Glazers are running for their brothers and sisters to exit and the couple that want to stay in to stay." Qatari ownership is a popular outcome among United fans, despite concerns about the sovereign state's treatment of women, migrant workers and the LGBTQ+ community. DON'T MISS Todd Boehly told not to pull trigger on Graham Potter for two reasonsMarcus Rashford comments speaks volumes as Man Utd star fires warning Ian Wright points finger as Graham Potter woes worsen at Chelsea And Neville believes it's difficult to speak against Qatar buying the club when the Premier League has allowed Abu Dhabi and Saudi Arabia to take over Manchester City and Newcastle United, respectively. "They [fans] want a debt-free club. They've become harmed mentally by debt over these last few years," Neville added. "There's a feeling they want ownership that can compete with the Middle East states we have in this league. "We have already got two state-funded clubs. They've been allowed to come, so I find it difficult to say Manchester United shouldn't have Qatari ownership. "The horse had bolted in that respect when Abu Dhabi came into Man City 15 years ago and Saudi Arabia came into Newcastle two years ago." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here