Removing wrinkle lines from jeans can be a tricky task especially if they’ve had creases on them for a long period of time. Some experts suggest putting jeans in the tumble dryer to remove the creases. However, with gas and electricity bills on the rise, many Britons are looking for ways to remove creases without resorting to their energy-guzzling dryers. Luckily, fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch - whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe - have shared a simple way to remove crease marks from black jeans. Mrs Hinch has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram. She often shares her garden and home cleaning tips on the social media platform. In recent years, fans of hers have taken to social media to share their solutions for solving common problems around the home. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ On Facebook, social media user Sophie Cameron-Osborn posted: “I love my black jeans but I hate that after a few washes they go more of a grey I seem to get lines on them. Any tips?” The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested hack was to wash the black jeans inside out. Gillian Wickett said: “Should wash [them] inside out.” Deborah Lloyd-thomas replied: “Wash inside-out and hand wash, drip dry and no conditioner.” Kate Malone wrote: “Cooler wash and inside out zero to 40C is hot enough for anything.” DON'T MISS‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [INSIGHT]Three orchid mistakes to avoid making - correct care is ‘vital’ [UPDATE]‘Kill mould’ on walls in '10 minutes' using ‘the best’ natural item [ANALYSIS] Sue Edwards responded: “Always wash and iron my darks inside out. Haven't had this problem since doing that.” Rita Trimmell replied: “Turn inside out and wash with similar colours in cold water and minimal soap. Don’t overload.” Mary Sheahan wrote: “Turn your jeans inside out to wash. Pull up the zip and tie fastener. “Machine wash at 30C/40C in DAZ washing powder. Line dry outdoors if you can. Hope this helps.” READ MORE: ‘Amazing remedy’ to dissolve ‘black stains’ from log burner glass Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tizzy Walker said: “Always wash and dry inside out on a cool wash.” Lucy Evans posted: “Wash inside out at 20C with no fabric conditioner.” Andrea Walker suggested: “Wash inside out on a low temperature, shake while damp. Creases should dry out.” Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using black washing liquid, not using a high spin setting and using black dye. Gilly Bolderstone said: “I always wash black things in black washing liquid - it keeps them black as ordinary washing powder or liquid has got enzymes in it that takes the colour out.” Gail Goddard replied: “Don't put [them] on a high spin, this causes lines on jeans.” Catherine Webster posted: “Get a Dylon black dye. They’ll be as good as new.” Michelle Arnold suggested: “You can buy washing detergent just for black clothes. If you dye them, always use a colour catcher when you wash.”