Chris Sutton has warned Ange Postecoglou that he will ruin his reputation amongst Celtic supporters by leaving the club for Leeds. The Australian boss has been told to take note of how Brendan Rodgers became a villain in 2019 when he left the side for Leicester City. Leeds are putting their contingency plan into action following the dismissal of Jesse Marsch on Monday. The former RB Salzburg boss was deemed to be steering the club into another relegation battle and had lost the faith of both fans and higher management. The Whites are currently 17th in the Premier League and only outside of the relegation zone on goal difference. With two games against Manchester United coming up this week, they could slip into the bottom three before a new manager is appointed. Postecoglou is one of the names being linked with a move to Elland Road, though former Celtic star Sutton believes that he would be brave to jump ship. He told Record Sport: “I have no doubt Postecoglou will manage in the Premier League. But I don’t think the time is now. Leeds are a big club and they have a lot of potential, even though they are in a difficult position right now. "It might be a different proposition if the question came in the summer. But I just think Postecoglou will be mindful of what happened when Rodgers left. It left a bad taste in the mouths of supporters who had idolised him for two and a half years. There was a furious response. "There was a feeling he left them in the lurch and he still hasn’t been forgiven in the eyes of a lot of supporters. But from what I get from Postecoglou’s comments he would want to finish the job he started. There’s a title to be retained, the Viaplay Cup Final around the corner and the Scottish Cup on the line as well. There’s also the Champions League again and that is something I think will be a big motivating factor for him.” Celtic are currently nine points clear at the top of the Scottish Premier League and have only dropped five points out of a possible 75. Postecoglou therefore may decide to see out the campaign at Celtic Park before weighing up his options. West Brom boss Carlos Corberan has been identified as another alternative to succeed Marsch, having managed their Under-23s previously before launching his first-team management career. The 39-year-old decided against stoking the speculation by ensuring supporters that he was committed to managing the Baggies, though a move to the Premier League could beckon given the ongoing financial issues at the Hawthorns.