A senior defence official has admitted that many of Britain's military upgrades and new weapons programmes are "really horrible and broken". The shock admission from Andy Start, the chief executive of defence equipment and support at the Ministry of Defence, came as MPs probed multiple failures in buying new kit for Britain's armed forces at a time when Ukraine is begging for more supplies. The clash came during a hearing of the Commons Defence Select Committee which has just launched an inquiry into Britain's failures on procurement with a sub-committee chaired by former Armed Forces Minister Mark Francois. Among the questions yesterday were why accommodation for military personnel is still below standard. There were questions about why six of Britain's seven Type 45 Destroyers still cannot operate in warm water despite the problem being identified seven years ago. Already the committee had been told that the UK's heavy armour replacements including Ajax's introduction, has largely been delayed until the next decade. Some of the heavy armour vehicles being used by the army date back 50 years while Britain has sent many of its operational tanks to Ukraine. With the Budget coming in weeks, the findings will pile pressure on Defence Secretary Ben Wallace to find extra money. There were also problems with the new F35 jets which have been complicated by issues in the US which is a development partner. This has fed into the issues around whether the UK is capable of providing the fighter jets that Ukraine needs to protect the tanks western allies have already begun sending. Conservative committee chairman Tobias Ellwood also asked questions about delays in buying 14 Chinook helicopters, described as the work horse of the army. He said to the generals and officials: "You need more money. If you had the money that you required we would not be delaying the purchase of 14 Chinook helicopters which are often used by our special forces." READ MORE: Brits back sending fighter jets to Ukraine but UK faces supply crisis The delay in buying the helicopters saved £900million. SNP MP Dave Doogan pointed out that £6 billion was spent on two new aircraft carriers which the government has pivoted to the Indo-Pacific "but the Type 45s to protect it struggle to sail in warm water." Added to that the early warning system designated to oversee the carriers still does not work. He added: "All those taken together is massive incompetence at an extraordinary cost." The kit needed to provide observation for the carriers - Crows Nest - still does not operate which led to a row in the hearing. Mr Start attempted to defend Crows Nest saying that the MoD had "delivered an initial capability" only for a furious Mr Francois to start repeatedly shouting at him "but it doesn't work." Mr Start said: "Your premise that we have some really horrible broken programmes that aren't good enough is correct." After the committee hearing, Mr Francois said: “At the Defence Committee hearing, the head of MoD’s procurement arm finally admitted that ‘we have some really horrible broken programmes that aren’t ‘t good enough.’ "We agree, which is why we have launched a bespoke Sub-Committee inquiry, to get to the root of what’s broken and make recommendations on how to fix it. The British taxpayer should wish us luck.”