 The US Secretary of State on Monday warned Beijing was considering supplying weapons and munitions to Russia for the fight in Ukraine. He warned such an escalation would bear “serious consequences” for China, but what do you think? Should NATO and its allies impose sanctions in this powder keg scenario? Vote in our poll.  On Sunday, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Chinese firms were already providing “non-lethal support” and were on the verge of also supplying “lethal support” to Vladimir Putin’s invasion effort in Ukraine. Following a meeting with Chinese diplomat Wang Yi at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday, Mr Blinken revealed the US had new intelligence suggesting as much in an interview with CBS News. Beijing has, however, denied the allegations – a foreign ministry spokesperson saying on Monday: “We do not accept the United States' finger-pointing on China-Russia relations, let alone coercion and pressure.” Chinese President Xi Jinping is a longtime ally of Putin, but has maintained an overtly neutral stance since the war in Ukraine began 12 months ago. Throughout 2022, Chinese imports of Russian fuel made up for much of the Kremlin’s losses in the EU market. READ MORE: Putin ‘loses battle’ in energy war as EU gas prices 'wont spike again'    Relations between the US and China have been especially strained in recent weeks as Washington has shot down multiple balloons over its territory it claims were Chinese surveillance devices. Upon arrival in Kyiv for the first time since the outbreak of war, US president Joe Biden reaffirmed his country’s support for Ukraine’s fight against Russia. Already the country’s number-one supplier of military aid, Mr Biden said a new package worth $500million (£415million) would be unveiled on Tuesday. The president said his Russian counterpart thought Ukraine was “weak and the West was divided,” but he was “dead wrong”. Volodymyr Zelensky deemed the negotiations “very fruitful”. So what do YOU think? Should the West sanction China if the country sends weapons to Russia? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.    