Aldi has restocked its popular candles from the Hotel Collection range, in an extra-large size, for under £25.  Aldi is known for its affordable food and homeware, with many shoppers becoming fans of the Specialbuys, which are released onto the website every Sunday and Thursday. Many of Aldi's products have been hailed as dupes of more expensive brands, but at much cheaper prices, which are affordable for shoppers and can be picked up along with their normal weekly shops online or in-store. Jo Malone's 2.1kg candles are £350, whereas Aldi's candles are even larger at 2.5kg, and are £325 cheaper than the luxury brand.  Buy: Aldi Hurricane Candles (£24.99)  There are three hurricane candles to choose from, all of which have now been restocked and are available to pre-order on Aldi's website. Those who prefer fruitier scents can choose from Pomegranate or Lime and Basil, or for lovers of floral aromas, the Peony Blush candle is ideal. All of the candles come in stylish, minimal glass jars that would add a nice touch to the home, and feature four wicks for extra brightness. Aldi's description says that the candles have a 'long burn and intense fragrance', which is emphasised by the large size, and they are likely to last a long time before needing to be replaced. The retailer offers free standard delivery over £30, so shoppers would only need to spend £5.01 extra when buying one of the candles to get it delivered for free. The candles have previously sold out, so you'll need to be quick if they want to purchase one. Aldi Shoppers have been leaving reviews on the candles, with some saying the Pomegranate scent 'smells lovely'. Danielle said: ''Great value huge candle, smells lovely. I am saving for the summer as will look great on a summer's Eve.'' Richard commented: ''Like all Aldi candles they are so much better and far cheaper than most other retailers.'' Helen also added: ''This is my 2nd Pomegranate large candle and I will continue to buy them. Aldi DO NOT DISCONTINUE! For the price you can’t beat it! Love my candles, I actually have the large Jo Malone - same as the Aldi one however bit of a difference in price to the tune of £350 (Aldi’s is 24.99) I would say they are on par! Burn time is the same and fragrance strength the same.''