Zara Tindall impressed a fellow participant at an event focused on women supporting other women by sharing a candid confession on motherhood. The only daughter of Princess Anne stunned journalist Shelly Horton with her no-nonsense attitude and relatability that she likely inherited from her mother. Ms Horton recalled meeting Zara last month, when she joined as a plus one an intimate panel called "Women with Horsepower" at the Gold Coast Magic Millions Carnival. The niece of King Charles was at the event not just as a skilled equestrian but also as the patron of Magic Millions Racing Women. During the "fun and inspiring" event, Ms Horton caught a glimpse of Zara's down-to-earth personality. The journalist wrote in an op-ed for Australian's 9Honey: "I also love that she doesn't mind a bit of swearing. "At one point she was being interviewed on the panel and she said something like, 'Sometimes it's just a really s**t day with the kids, and I struggle with it.' I ate every word up." Zara had already spoken candidly about being a mother of three children - Mia, Lena and Lucas - and how it affects her career as an equestrian. Appearing on the first episode of Mike Drop, a new series led by Zara's husband Mike Tindall on Magic Millions' YouTube channel, the royal said when asked about her experience on returning to riding after becoming a mum: "I found it hard getting myself back to it. Mentally, you feel guilty as a mother leaving your child to go and do something else." After the birth of Mia in 2014, Zara and Mike's first child, the equestrian wanted to get back on a horse and resume her activity. However, she acknowledged: "It was hard getting your body back when you've been riding for 25 years, and then your body is just completely not doing that. READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted as Duke 'snubbed' Prince William's 'kind gesture' "Your muscles [are] doing nothing and stretching and creating an amazing thing but it's completely different. Trying to get your body back to where it was, I found, was hard work." Nevertheless, Zara said that while she did miss certain events and opportunities as an equestrian over the past nine years, that was "down to another great chapter in my life [motherhood] and I'm very lucky that I could run them alongside each other". During her appearance at the Magic Millions event in Australia, Zara seemingly referred to juggling between work and family. Ms Horton wrote: "And one of her most appealing qualities is just how honest she is – she was asked for her thoughts on women having it all, and her response was 'nope, nobody has it all'. Amen, sister." The King's niece also positively impressed Ms Horton for being "so relaxed" during lunch and being "lovely" with all the guests. Zara also won the journalist's admiration by confessing she "hates having security", which she was provided with at the event. Ms Horton also found "refreshing" Zara saying she doesn't like hotels and how she and Mike prefer to rent a home for themselves and their children whenever they spend time in Australia for work. She wrote: "I personally still can't compute, but again, how refreshing from a freaking royal accustomed to the finer things in life."