Manchester United will never find the "perfect" owners to replace the Glazers, according to Simon Jordan. The former Crystal Palace chairman has used Liverpool as an example to stress the reality Red Devils fans face. United supporters have protested against the club's owners for several years. The Glazers are now willing to sell at the right price, almost 18 years on from their takeover at Old Trafford. A deadline of February 17 for the first round of proposals to buy United is getting closer. Sir Jim Ratcliffe is the only party to formally declare his interest in public. There are also expected to be offers in the region of £4.5billion from a Qatari-backed bid, as well as from Twitter owner Elon Musk. Jordan believes many United fans are so fed up with the Glazers that they would accept anyone but the Americans to be in charge. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m  However, he has a warning that not everyone will be satisfied, whatever the outcome. TalkSPORT host Jim White asked Jordan on Tuesday: "Who's the most suitable potential bidder for United?" Jordan joked it would be ironic if whoever replaces the Glazers goes against everything United fans want. However, he pointed out that despite Fenway Sports Group saving Liverpool when they first took over, they have faced their fair share of criticism of late. Jordan replied: "Listening to the 'last chance saloon gang', whoever it is that comes in that does precisely opposite to what the Manchester United Supporters Trust want them to do in my little ironic pedantic world that I live in. "But the bottom line is, there's no perfect fit. Somewhere along the line, someone is going to do something that other people don't like. DON'T MISSGreenwood timeline laid out as Man Utd weigh up three options for strikerEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell'  "FSG have fallen foul of Liverpool. I mean, FSG saved Liverpool from bankruptcy. [Tom] Hicks and [George[ Gillett ran them right up to the door of RBS going 'bang, that's your lot'. And yet FSG can fall foul of the court of public opinion. "United, the Glazers, oh yes they charge debt. Well, until recently, so were Leicester owners, putting debt on the borrowings that they lent the football club. "They just happened to be the lender, the owner and the lender, but they charged interest on it. The bottom line is there is no perfect ownership. "Now, right now, it's anything but the Glazers. ABG - anything but the Glazers."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here