Esteemed coach Kevin Barry says Anthony Joshua is more likely to face Deontay Wilder than Tyson Fury this year. The New Zealander believes Fury will end up fighting Oleksandr Usyk and Francis Ngannou before the end of 2023 instead of AJ. Joshua is currently on the rebuild following consecutive losses to Usyk and has a three-fight plan in place to ensure he gets himself back to the top. Part of that plan includes a blockbuster climax against either Wilder or Fury after fights with Jermaine Franklin and Dillian Whyte. The Fury fight has been on most boxing fans’ wishlists since Fury’s return to the sport in 2018 but hasn’t come to fruition as of yet despite two serious attempts at staging it. Following their most recent breakdown in negotiations late last year Fury affirmed that he is done with trying to make the all-British clash and is turning his attention towards the undisputed bout with Usyk. They are expected to square off on April 29 in Saudi Arabia for all-four major sanctioning body belts. After that, a hybrid boxing bout with former UFC heavyweight champion Ngannou has been teased leaving little room for Fury vs Joshua, especially given the rematch clause in the Usyk fight contract. When asked whether Joshua is more likely to face Fury or Wilder this year, Barry told Seconds Out: “I don’t think with what Fury’s got in front of him [that it will happen with Joshua]. The unification fight with Usyk, I’d like to believe that fight has to happen, obviously, the Joshua fight is worth a lot of money but I don’t think money for Tyson Fury is the issue. “He wants all the belts; he’s a very proud guy and he believes he will and don’t be surprised if that Ngannou fight happens. The Ngannou fight may even happen before Usyk but those will be the two guys for him this year. I think there’s more chance of Joshua and Wilder sharing a ring together.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua vs Ngannou teased by Hearn as 'talks' held with ex-UFC champ Klitschko warns IOC as boxer demands Olympics ban for Russian athletes Eubank Jr told Smith 'not that good' as team weigh up appealing result Wilder has expressed a lot of interest in boxing Joshua but like Fury has not been able to get the deal over the line. He faces Andy Ruiz Jr next in a WBC final eliminator bout for a shot at Fury’s green strap. However, it is understood that he is keener on a fight with Joshua than a fourth bout with Fury.