Shania joined fellow judges Adam Lambert, Beverly Knight and Jason Manford for a new series of the ITV singing competition. However, viewers became distracted and took to their social media accounts when they realised they had seen one of the contestants on another singing competition before. Minutes into Treyc Cohen appearing on the show and explaining why she decided to star as Chaka Khan, viewers noticed they had seen her face before. Treyc appeared on the 2010 series of X-Factor where she went viral for her iconic exchange with Girls Aloud singer Cheryl Cole. Making it through to the Judges' Houses stage, Cheryl told Treyc: "Whenever you’re ready.” Treyc enthusiastically replied: “I’m ready,” prompting Cheryl to tell her: “You said that with some determination!” READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain During the time of her audition, viewers were left furious after Cheryl had to choose between Trayc and fellow contestant Katie. Going against Simon Cowell's advice and claiming that Treyc was a better singer, Cheryl decided to send her home and out of the competition. Despite being booted off of the ITV series, Treyc has since gone on to have a singing career in musical theatre and appeared on big West End Shows such as Hairspray and The Lion King. Starstruck viewers were left amazed when they realised who she was and took to their Twitter to express their excitement. Sophie Foster wrote: "I have #starstruck on and I’m looking at one of the contestants like... I know you? I’ve seen you before? “It’s the iconic Treyc from X Factor ‘I’m ready. I quote this moment on the daily." (sic) @superTV247 commented: “LOSING MY MIND that the incredible Treyc ‘I’m ready’ Cohen from the iconic 2010 X Factor was on #Starstruck tonight as Chaka Khan. She has some determination.” “OMG TREYC on #Starstruck I AM QUITE LITERALLY STARSTRUCK (and ready...),” Jerry Mains added. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [WATCH]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [INSIGHT] Daniel Brown noted: "Just seen #Starstruck from tonight, good to have it back, I enjoyed all the teams. "And good to see Treyc again who I really liked in X Factor 2010 and thought should have gone further in the competition." (sic) @FreakyLilReader expressed: "Justice for Treyc - she was incredible! The whole Chaka Khan team was amazing - they should be a group! #starstruck." @ScouseCommie added: "TREYC COHEN ON #STARSTRUCK, THE ABSOLUTE ICON." (sic) Shania's appearance on the show was recently announced as she replaced Sheridan Smith on the judging panel. Katie Rawcliffe, Entertainment Commissioning at ITV, said: "Shania is one of the all-time music greats. "Not to mention a fabulous personality, so it’s an honour to welcome her to the Starstruck panel alongside Adam, Beverley, Jason and of course Olly at the helm." Starstruck airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV.