Qatar believe they could face competition from Saudi Arabia when it comes to buying Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Red Devils are on the market after the Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to a sale. The Americans have been in power for nearly 18 years now, with many fans long opposing to their rule. Talk of a Qatari takeover at United has ramped up over the past 24 hours, with individuals from the Middle East interested at a time where the Glazers are willing to sort up. And journalist Ben Jacobs, speaking on Twitter, has claimed there’s a feeling from those in the know that a consortium from Saudi Arabia could soon join the bidding. He said on Twitter: “Qatar expect a Saudi consortium from the private sector to enter the race for Manchester United too. “This was hinted at during the World Cup by the Saudi Sports Minister, Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Saud.” In the short time since it emerged Qatar were serious about buying United, some have opposed their potential ownership. QSI currently own Paris Saint-Germain, though it's thought this consortium would have no involvement in the process. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The state of Qatar is still known around the world for it’s poor human rights record, despite a successful World Cup. And Amnesty International have warned about the potential ‘sportswashing’ implications should a takeover go ahead. Economic Affairs Director Peter Frankental warned: “Coming in the wake of the World Cup and strenuous efforts from the Qatari government to fashion a glitzy new image for the country, it seems highly likely that any Qatari bid for Manchester United would be a continuation of this state-backed sportswashing project. “We saw only limited reforms on migrant workers’ rights in Qatar in the lead-up to the World Cup, and there’s been no movement whatsoever in ending the disgraceful criminalisation of LGBTQ+ people or institutional discrimination against women. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “It’s been nearly 18 months since the hugely controversial Saudi takeover of Newcastle United and a Qatari bid for Manchester United would be yet another wake-up call to the Premier League over the need to reform its ownership rules. “We’re not necessarily opposed to the involvement of state-linked overseas financial consortia in English football, but the Premier League must urgently strengthen ownership rules to ensure they’re human rights-compliant and not an opportunity for more sportswashing.” Another candidate who is expected to bid for United is Sir Jim Ratcliffe. The INEOS chief went public with his interest last month, having previously missed out on Chelsea. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Sky Sports’ Kaveh Solhekol provided details at the time, saying: "Sir Jim Ratcliffe has always made it clear he wants to buy a Premier League club. “A few years ago he said Premier League clubs were overvalued, which is why he went and bought Nice for €100m. “He said he wasn't going to spend billions of pounds on a Premier League club, but his attitude has changed over the past few years. "His company has a lot of interest in different sports, he's somebody who grew up as a Manchester United supporter even though he regularly goes to watch Chelsea. “Last year, he tried to buy Chelsea when they were put up for sale. He made a very, very late bid of about £4.25bn which matched the winning bid.  "This time, as far as Manchester United are concerned, he's the first person to show his hand. “I think what we'll see now is more people showing their hands and more people getting to look at the books. “Then next month, we'll start hearing about different bids that are being made. "I think we can anticipate Manchester United changing hands before the end of the season if the club is sold 100 per cent."