A friend of missing mum Nicola Bulley has revealed the heartbreaking questions being asked by her young daughters as they "need their mummy." The two girls - Harriet, nine, and Sophia, six - are "asking questions every day", said Emma White, one of Ms Bulley's friends who has been pleading the public for information about the missing mortgage advisor. She said: "We just need Nikki home for her two beautiful little girls who need their mummy. It's like torture." Ms White said they have not given up hope that Nicola might yet be found after she vanished at around 9.20am on January 27. She added: "It’s just this rollercoaster of emotions. We’ve had torture, dispair and hope washed down by alot of frustration. "I think children are quite resilient aren't they, but they are obviously asking questions each day.  "You know when the girls get home from school they say, 'Any news on Mummy?' and Paul has to say 'No'. And you can just see the little girls just deflate and the little girls are saying, 'Is my Mummy famous' and I didn't know how to answer that myself because it's for the wrong reasons." Ms Bulley went missing just after dropping her daughters off at school. When she first vanished, she was described as someone who "lived for her children". Just weeks ago the family had enjoyed a break together in Center Parcs filled with smiling faces and cozy cuddles as they got ready to celebrate Christmas. The search for her has moved to the sea, as police stick to their hypothesis that she likely fell in the river. READ MORE: Police identify critical two hours after Nicola Bulley disappearance [REVEAL] Officers are scouring Morecambe Bay as it emerged she was last spotted nearly two hours before police were called. Her friends have today launched a fresh campaign for information about where she is, two weeks to the day since she went missing. They will be holding up photos of the mother-of-two, they have a moving 8ft LED board that says "Bring Nicki home" and they are appealing for anyone to give dashcam footage to the police. Ms White said it is not just Nicola’s friends that will be taking part in the campaign, but everyone in the village of St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire, where Nicola lives with her husband and children. DON'T MISS: Expert warns strangers can use your digital footprint to target you [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley's friends launching new campaign for information [INSIGHT]Seven questions still unanswered in Nicola Bulley disappearance [ANALYSIS]  The appeal comes as Lancashire Police has been told by a witness of a reportedly suspicious vehicle seen near where Nicola disappeared. The vehicle was spotted close to Nicola's walking route on the morning she went missing, Friday, January 27, while walking her spaniel, Willow. It was seen in a lane a few hundred yards from where the 45-year-old mum of two had dropped her two young daughters off at school. According to The Sun, a witness described the van as a high-sided Renault-type vehicle or Transit which was faded red.