Nicola Bulley's family have lashed out at "speculation and rumours into her private life" in a new statement as the search for the missing mum-of-two continues. The plea comes after Lancashire Police faced a furious backlash for disclosing the 45-year-old suffered "some significant issues with alcohol" in the past, which had resurfaced over recent months. On Wednesday, senior officers from the force held a press conference. They said Ms Bulley was "vulnerable" and classed by police as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after her partner Paul Ansell reported her disappearance. The family of the 45-year-old - who has been missing since January 27 - said in a statement through Lancashire Police: " The family said: "We, as a family, believe that the public focus has become distracted from finding Nikki, and more about speculation and rumours into her and Paul's private life. As a family, we were aware beforehand that Lancashire Police, last night, released a statement with some personal details about our Nikki. Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there speculating and threatening to sell stories about her. This is appalling and needs to stop. "The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life."  The family added that due to the perimenopause, a period around menopause, Ms Bulley suffered with "significant side effects" like brain fog and restless sleep. They added that she stopped taking hormone replacement therapy (HRT), which is commonly used to manage symptoms of menopause, as it was giving her "intense headaches". The statement continued: "The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life. "Despite what some media outlets and individuals are suggesting, we are being updated daily and receive support from our family liaison officers. "Nikki is such a wonderful daughter, sister, partner and mother and is missed dearly - we all need you back in our lives. "Nikki, we hope you are reading this and know that we love you so much and your girls want a cuddle. We all need you home. You can reach out to us, or you can contact MissingPeople.org.uk. Don't be scared, we all love you so very much." READ MORE: Police break silence on five Nicola Bulley theories during update Lancashire Police have received backlash after they released details of Ms Bulley's "vulnerabilities" on Wednesday. Stella Creasy, the Labour MP for Walthamstow, questioned the decision to publicly reveal details about Nicola's personal life. She tweeted: "The decision to disclose this level of detail on a missing person's private life, with no evidence that this is assisting in finding her, is deeply troubling. The police need to be much clearer as to why any of this helps find Nicola Bulley or support this investigation." Silkie Carlo, of Big Brother Watch, said the decision to broadcast Nicola's health issues and hormone status is a "serious invasion of her privacy with no obvious benefits for the investigation".  