Lewis Hamilton could end up getting his own way after Pirelli motorsport director Mario Isola refused to rule out the possibility of delaying Formula One's planned ban on tyre blankets until at least 2025. Tyres are currently pre-warmed using heated blankets prior to drivers leaving the pit lane, although this has been tipped to change at the end of the current season when the practice could be outlawed by the FIA. Hamilton recently tested a new form of tyre, which has been developed by Pirelli with the aim of creating a compound that does not require pre-heating, but the 38-year-old is still yet to be convinced that it would be a good idea to ban tyre blankets ahead of next year. He relayed his concerns on Saturday by warning that the change would pose a number of important safety risks for drivers unless significant progress is made over the coming months. "I think it’s dangerous," Hamilton told The Race. "I’ve tested the no blankets and there’s going to be an incident at some stage, so on a safety factor I think it’s the wrong decision. You have to drive multiple laps to get the tyres to work. "The whole argument is that taking away the blankets is for going more sustainable and more green. In actual fact we just use more fuel to get temperature into the tyres. More concerning is just when you go out, the car is skating around, it’s very twitchy, and if there’s someone else who’s on tyres that are working you could easily collide with them." JUST IN: F1 testing - What we learned on final day as Mercedes hopes renewed Pirelli chief Isola has since responded to Hamilton's comments by insisting that the proposed ban on tyre blankets could be pushed back by another year if F1 bosses decide to act on the Mercedes driver's complaints."It is a technical challenge, a big technical challenge," Isola told Speedcafe. "We have to redesign the construction of the range of compounds. That is why we have asked for more tyre testing during this season, to have the opportunity to test on different circuits in different conditions with different asphalt and so on. "And it is why it was decided, after a test in Silverstone, to have a meeting with all the stakeholders to evaluate the state of development and if we can achieve the target for 2024. We are working step by step. After the first test, in dry conditions and with a reduced temperature, it is clear the first laps are different compared to now where you have the tyres that are ready from the first corner."We are aware of the fact that we have to develop compounds able to generate grip from, ideally 20 degrees [Celsius] to 120 degrees. We know we need to manage a pressure increase from starting to running that is probably nine to 10 psi, so there are many elements that are playing a part in this development and we are putting a lot of effort, testing, resources, and money into this development."The FIA and Pirelli are set to make a final decision on the proposed banning of tyre blankets for 2024 before the governing body's self-imposed deadline expires at the end of July. The current rules will remain in place as the default for 2024 as things stand, with all parties involved still evaluating the specific technical and safety requirements of running without the blankets. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.