Rishi Sunak is facing a grim set of local elections this spring as the latest Techne UK tracker poll has revealed the Conservatives have failed to make a dent in Labour's commanding lead. For the sixth week in a row Sir Keir Starmer's party holds a 21 point lead over the Tories in the exclusive polling for Express.co.uk. The latest results from a survey of 1,624 voters this week puts Labour on 48 points (up 1) and the Tories on 27 (also up 1). The Lib Dems are down one to 8 percent, Reform UK stay the same on 6 percent and the Greens are unchanged on 5 percent. In a week where the SNP has been rocked by the resignation of Nicola Sturgeon, the Scottish nationalists appear to have lost as much as a quarter of their vote down from 4 percent to 3 percent. If the results were to play out in an election, Electoral Calulus predicts that the Conservatives would be left with a record low 115 seats, still better than some polls are predicting for Mr Sunak's party. Meanwhile, Labour would have a massive majority of 244 giving Starmer a free hand to reconsider Britain's Brexit deal with the EU. The week has been another rocky one for Mr Sunak with questions over defence spending and a threatened rebellion over the Northern Ireland protocol deal which he is expected to agree with the EU. This was fuelled by concerns over a secret summit which Michael Gove organised with Leavers and remainers with the apparent aim of drawing the UK closer to Brussels again. However, Sir Keir has also had a difficult week after holding a press conference to announce that he would not allow Jeremy Corbyn to stand as a Labour candidate again following the row over antisemitism. The comments have been mocked by Tory MPs who point out that Sir Keir knew about the problems with Corbyn when he sid he "backed him 100 percent" and tried to make him Prime Minister in 2019. Meanwhile, in Labour Mr Corbyn's supporters have been fighting back against the decision to exclude their former leader. READ MORE: UK defence threat sparks panic as MPs slam Hunt for blocking funds However, Mr Sunak is still battling against continue strikes and relatively good economic news on a small decline in inflation, continued growth and high employment have not yet filtered through to improve his poll ratings yet. Tory MPs have their eyes on next month's Budget with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt in the hope that he can produce some tax cuts to improve their standings in the public. But many are also waiting to see what happens with the local elections in May with supporters of Boris Johnson still plotting a coup to potentially replace Mr Sunak with the former Prime Minister. Mr Johnson and Liz Truss have both been critial of the Sunak government over economic policy and help to Ukraine. Mr Johnson has made a point of demanding that the UK and its allies provide Ukraie with fighter jets which the Prime Minister is reluctant to release. DON'T MISS Brexiteers fear Gove's covert summit could bolster EU army plans [REVEAL] 'Fascist' slur against Anderson uncovers the real Tory civil war [INSIGHT] Rishi Sunak urged by readers to ‘take back control’ and leave ECHR [REACT]  Significantly more than a quarter (27 percent) of 2016 Leave voters now back Labour and almost one in five (19 percent) 2019 Conservative voters. Labour leads in all socio-economic and age category [articularly among young voters with almost six in 10 (57 oercent) of all 18-to-34-year-olds backing Starmer's party. Michela Morizzo, chief executive of Techne UK, said: "For the sixth week running our tracker poll gives the Labour Party a dominant 21 point lead over the Conservatives. Both parties see a 1 point growth in national vote share - Labour increasing to 48 percent with the Conservatives going up to 27 percent. "Given the length of time the Labour lead has remained at this level we very much can say this is a very strong trend with no national or international issues budging the Labour lead. "Our poll was also in the field as we learned Scottish National Party Leader Nicola Sturgeon would be resigning her post. This first snapshot for the SNP shows them losing a point - 4 percent down to 3 percent national vote share. Turbulent political times ahead!"