Chelsea should have been blocked from spending a record amount on transfers in January by the Premier League, with Enzo Fernandez likely to flop at Stamford Bridge, according to Express Sport readers. A poll asked fans to weigh in on the Blues' controversial decision to sign eight players in the winter transfer window, and with 9,000 entries in total, the disapproval could not have been more clear. Chelsea's £323m spend, confirmed by FIFA after their January transfer data analysis was released, has sent ripples throughout the world with several managers including Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp declaring their opposition to it. Head coach Graham Potter saw his injury-hit squad welcome eight new arrivals in total to give the west London outfit a bloated squad. Fernandez was joined by £88m signing Mykhaylo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Malo Gusto, Noni Madueke, David Datro Fofana, Andrey Santos and Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid. And an overwhelming majority of Express Sport readers felt that the Blues should not have been allowed to spend such an exorbitant amount so soon after their record summer window, with 75 per cent of the vote leaning towards 'Yes' when they were posed the question. READ MORE: Fernandez enjoys fine debut but Potter issue emerges after Fulham draw Readers were also quizzed on Fernandez and his move to Chelsea. The Argentinian completed his £107million British transfer record switch from Benfica just an hour before the deadline and impressed on his debut in the 0-0 draw with Fulham on February 3. But there is a feeling amongst fans that the 22-year-old may struggle under the enormous pressure placed upon his shoulders - and so it proved with the results of our poll. According to the results, 78 per cent believe Fernandez will not justify his huge transfer fee, with 22 per cent backing the World Cup winner to live up to expectations. DON'T MISSChelsea may be stuck with Aubameyang as LAFC fear he'll will snub moveChelsea boss Potter told to meet two targets to prevent Boehly sackChelsea braced for transfer approach from Man City in £50m move But Potter clearly disagrees after watching his new midfielder star excel just three days after joining from Benfica. "I thought he handled himself magnificently," Potter told reporters. "Tough game and you can see his quality, you can see what he'll bring to the team. "[It is] not easy for him or for us because he hasn't been with us that long, but you see how good he can be and how much he can improve the team. So excited with him." Fernandez will have a chance to prove his doubters wrong as Chelsea face West Ham at the London Stadium on Saturday. And the Argentinian will be hoping to open his account to begin repaying his new club after such an expensive transfer.