Siva Kaneswaran has been advised by Dancing On Ice medical professionals to pull out of this weekend’s show and rest. He has been told it would be best not to perform. Speaking about the decision to pull out of Sunday’s show, Siva Kaneswaran said: “I'm gutted that I won't be performing this weekend. “I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better. “Good luck to all the contestants this weekend - I'm looking forward to watching everyone's performances!" A Dancing on Ice spokesperson said: "Due to illness Siva will not skate in this weekend's show. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening “We look forward to welcoming him back next weekend.” It comes just days after Siva shared his plans to secure public votes to stay in the competition. The 34-year-old shared: “I was shy the first week with a suit on, it wasn’t very glittery. “But after a couple of weeks of lifting above my head, spinning, I think I’m ready to give the audience a bit of a peek. “I’ll bring the fire, strip off… as the weeks go on, an extra button comes off. “I never ever considered myself as a pin-up but it’s nice to be admired.” Siva added to The Sun: “There’s nothing wrong with that. If it’s going to get me some points, I’ll do anything for the points.” Last week, Siva dedicated his emotional Waltz to Three Times A Lady by Commodores to his father, who died when he was six. DON'T MISS...Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [EXCLUSIVE]Dancing on Ice's Phillip Schofield 'tears up rule book' on stars exit [LATEST]Dancing On Ice star claims celebs have ‘skated with pros' before show [INSIGHT] Siva and his professional skating partner Klabera Komini, scored 30 points for the routine. Judge Christopher Dean told Siva: “It's simply your best skate. The skating was so lovely, so strong, so tender and masculine at the same time." Oti Mabuse added: “You are what this competition is all about. You are a little bit of a dark horse.” Siva went on to share his partner was also pleased with his routines. He shared: “My missus is quite pleased. I’ve got some serious glutes now and everything’s so toned, I’ve got abs. "Honestly, I feel like Superman. Nareesha’s my Lois Lane. “It’s great for her to witness my growth, I’m way more disciplined, way more driven, passionate, creative. She says, ‘Oh my God, he’s so brave and hot and sexy.’” Dancing On Ice continues Sunday on ITV.