Ukraine is burning through a staggering 7,000 shells and missiles daily in order to keep Russia at bay, defence committee chairman Tobias Ellwood has warned. The Tory MP, who attended the Munich Security Conference at the weekend, believes the West is failing to supply Volodymyr Zelensky with the weapons he needs in the face of the threat posed by Vladimir Putin’s forces - partly out of a reluctance to “spook” Moscow. Britain has been at the forefront when it comes to helping Ukraine, supplying a range of missiles since the invasion a year ago on Friday. Mr Ellwood, the MP for Bournemouth East, told Express.co.uk: “Ukraine is burning through 7000 shells and missiles a day. Keeping this level of assistance up is proving challenging. “We are gifting Starstreak but we actually stopped making this a couple years ago and are now burning through our own stockpiles.” Referring to his trip to Germany, Mr Ellwood added: “My takeaways from the MSC are sadly quite bleak. “A recognition Ukraine requires urgent support, given the likely Spring offensive, but no clarity how that is procured; an understanding that Putin is far from deterred and moving to a war footing. “But the West is not prepared for the long game. “An acceptance that Putin is the most destabilising force in Europe but there's no collective will to address this threat directly.” Asked why that be, Mr Ellwood blamed “a combination of factors: domestic distractions; fear of spooking Russia; lack of international coordination.” In an op-ed published in The Telegraph last week, Mr Ellwood suggested Cold War-era planes “gathering dust” at air bases in the West could be supplied to Ukraine. However, he told Express.co.uk: “It takes time to train a NATO standard Ukrainian air force. JUST IN: MoD warns unless Russia makes significant gains Putin faces threat “A lack of political appetite and long term strategic thinking mean we have left it very late in the day to start addressing what Ukraine needs to win.” Speaking on Saturday on the sidelines of the conference, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said the UK "stands ready" to support allies who have fighter jets ready to hand over to Ukraine immediately. He told reporters: "We will happily provide assistance to any country that is able to provide Ukraine with fighter jets right now. "The UK stands ready to support those countries as well." DON'T MISS: Putin ‘loses battle’ in energy war as EU gas prices 'wont spike again' [ANALYSIS]Over 5,000 homes without electricity in 16 UK regions [REPORT]Fears of nuclear horror as Turkey's reactor rocked by earthquake [INSIGHT]  Despite No 10 opening the door to potentially sending jets to Kyiv, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has said the move could be years away, if it happens at all. Some experts have also suggested RAF aircraft are ill-equipped for the warfare being seen in eastern Europe. Earlier in the day, he had told the conference that Ukraine required military bolstering now to push back the Kremlin's invasion and fend off any potential Russian spring offensive, urging the West to "double down" on its backing for Kyiv. But he also said that the war-torn nation would need long-term protection against future Moscow aggression. The Prime Minister told the conference that Kyiv had been "failed" by the West's "security guarantees" and that Nato's approach to dealing with threats should be reviewed at its summer summit in Vilnius, Lithuania. Mr Sunak also said any lasting peace would mean "upholding international law" and making Moscow pay reparations.