 At the 2022 Academy Awards ceremony, Will Smith, 54, won his first-ever Oscar but it was overshadowed by his infamous outburst which saw him slapping host Chris Rock. The scene almost instantly became a viral sensation and took over Hollywood headlines for months and now Academy Awards executives say this year’s ceremony will have a few changes as a result.  The Academy Awards are set to take place in three weeks with the usual guest list of Hollywood’s best. However, following the chaos that occurred between Will and comedian Chris Rock, 58, there will be some differences in this year’s ceremony. Most notably, a “crisis team” will now be in attendance at the star-studded event, although who exactly this team comprises of is yet to be announced. The team’s mission is to mitigate any potentially scandalous situations like "slapgate" and they have reportedly been training with different scenarios of what could happen at the 95th Academy Awards. READ MORE: Martin Lewis celebrates special anniversary in surprisingly sentimental post about 'baby'  As Academy chief executive Bill Kramer told Time Magazine, the team’s main role is to diminish the potential of any “surprises”. He shared: “We have a whole crisis team, something we've never had before, and many plans in place. "We've run many scenarios. So it is our hope that we will be prepared for anything that we may not anticipate right now but that we're planning for just in case it does happen." While he admitted that with live TV “things don’t always go as planned” he seemingly noted that that was the reason behind this year’s choice of host.     Comedian Jimmy Kimmel, host and executive producer of late-night talk show Jimmy Kimmel Live!, will be presenting this year’s awards, with extensive experience with live television making him irresistible for the position. Bill explained: "So you have a host in place who can really pivot and manage those moments.” President of the Academy, Janet Yang, also addressed the slap scandal earlier this month at the Oscar Nominees Luncheon. She declared that the situation had told the Academy to be “fully transparent and accountable in our actions" and admitted the organisation’s response had been “inadequate”.  She shared: “Particularly in times of crisis we must act swiftly and compassionately and decisively for ourselves and for our industry. "You should and can expect no less from us going forward." During the 2022 ceremony, comedian Chris joked about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair, or lack thereof due to the medical condition alopecia. An outraged Will casually headed to the stage and slapped Chris in the face in a moment that shocked fans, viewers and attendees alike. As some questioned if the move was a joke or publicity stunt, Will returned to his seat and shouted, loud enough to be heard through Chris’ microphone: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***** mouth."  Later that night, Will walked up to the stage once again but under far different circumstances as he accepted the Best Actor Oscar, surpassing the likes of Benedict Cumberbatch, Andrew Garfield and Denzel Washington. The emotional actor shed tears on stage as he gave his acceptance speech, adding: “I want to apologise to the Academy, to all my fellow nominees. “Art imitates life, I look like the crazy father but love will make you do crazy things. “Hoping the Academy invites me back.” Will has since issued a formal apology, resigned from the Academy and will not be allowed to attend the 2023 ceremony as he has been banned from the Academy Awards until 2033.