It's long been a frustration for Sky Q users but, from today, the ITVX app is finally arriving on this popular device. Until now, only Sky customers with a recently released Stream box or Glass TV could access this new platform but that's thankfully now changed with all of the latest on-demand shows, blockbuster movies and box sets available right from the Sky Q home screen. The satellite telly company has confirmed to Express.co.uk that all Q users should now be able to find the ITVX service by simply heading to the apps rail on the homepage. Once launched, it will then offer instant access to over 10,000 hours of free catch-up TV, movies and box sets such as Broadchurch, Vera and Love Island. Movies currently available also include Back to the Future, The Green Mile, Reservoir Dogs and The Aviator. ITVX, which has now replaced the older ITV Hub platform, is also showing some content exclusively before it is aired on terrestrial television with the promise that new series will be launching online every single week. Content already available includes A Spy Among Friends, starring Damian Lewis and Guy Pearce - Nolly starring Helena Bonham Carter - Confessions of Frannie Langton starring Karla-Simone Spence, Sophie Cookson and Patrick Martins. All of the content broadcast via this streaming player contains the usual adverts but these can be switched off by moving over to the £5.99 per month Premium version. This not only kills the sponsored messages but also adds extra content via the Britbox platform. Premium members can also download content on devices such as iPhones and tablets to be watched on the move without needing access to data or Wi-Fi. ITVX now joins many other apps on Sky Q with this box also offering access to services such as Disney+, Netflix, Apple TV+ and Paramount+ without needing any additional equipment. Want to know more? Read our full Sky Q review Speaking about ITVX, Kevin Lygo, ITV’s Managing Director of Media and Entertainment said: "Viewing habits are changing rapidly and ITV has exciting plans to really scale up our streaming ambitions, offering viewers a service with more fresh, free content dropping every week than anywhere else. "We know we have to deliver our programmes to as many people as possible in all the ways they want to watch them, and going forward viewers will now see a wide array of shows premiering first on ITVX, which is the cornerstone of ITV’s digital acceleration." News of this boost might help soften an upcoming blow coming to most Sky users. The company has recently confirmed that it is hiking prices with bills going up by by 8.1 percent - around £60 per year or £5.60 per month. 