Squirrels can be seen in UK gardens throughout the year and will often be looking for food or for a mate. Despite some people thinking they look pretty, they can destroy crops and eat from bird feeders too. A pest control expert has shared how to deter grey squirrels from your outdoor space without causing them harm. Jordan Foster from Fantastic Pest Control explained: “You can keep squirrels out of gardens with humane methods, including hot peppers. “Squirrels hate the taste and smell of peppers. Sprinkle some cayenne pepper, hot sauce or chilli powder flakes on the soil to repel squirrels. “Alternatively, grow hot peppers - they won’t come close to them.” It may also be worth companion planting, planting a shrub or plant which squirrels detest near one they would love. The animals are also said to dislike the scent of coffee grounds and peppermint as well as garlic and onions. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home Flowers can also be planted in the garden to keep the pests away, including containers if you’re short on space or on the border. The pest expert said: “Daffodils, snowdrops, hyacinths, and marigolds are allium plants that keep squirrels away naturally. Avoid planting tulips and crocuses because they attract the animals.” For those with small outdoor spaces, it may be worth making a “DIY repellent” using apple cider vinegar. Jordan added: “Combine apple cider vinegar with peppermint oil or cayenne pepper. “Then spray it on your plants or wherever you want squirrels to smell it.” DON'T MISS:‘Cost-effective’ home improvements to ‘add value’ to your house [COMMENT]Four steps to get a peace lily to flower again - ‘correct’ care needed [INSIGHT]DIY expert shares home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ [EXPLAINER] The expert said the more scent deterrents placed in the garden, the more likely the animals will stay away. The favourite food of squirrels happens to be bird feed, and while it is important to feed the birds, especially during the winter months, it is also vital to ensure they are out of reach from squirrels. Lauren Okie, gardening expert at Happy Gardens, explained: “In general, a squirrel will not jump more than five feet up off the ground. “They will not jump more than seven feet across and they will not jump down more than nine feet from above. READ MORE: ‘Best’ method to clean yellow pillows and banish odours - 40p tip “If you can find a safe space to hang a bird feeder that checks all the boxes of the 5-7-9 rule, you may have some success keeping squirrels from reaching your bird feeder.” Another animal which many may see as a pest in the garden are foxes, which can dig up flowerbeds as well as cause damage to fences. Pros at The Expert Gate Company recommended using certain scents to deter foxes who have a superb sense of smell. They said: “Commercial fox repellents are a simple solution, but caution should be exercised when reading the instructions, and you should try not to harm other wildlife. “A homemade fox repellent is to infuse boiling water with chilli peppers and garlic. Spray this mixture around your garden, and foxes will be less likely to pay you a visit.” Foxes love to rummage through bins, again to search for any food they can smell. Britons can prevent this by not leaving rubbish bins out in the open, and picking up any food waste on their property. The pros recommended keeping rubbish in large containers, such as waste and recycling bins, making sure to keep the lids fully closed. They added: “If foxes are still managing to get into your rubbish, consider tying the lids shut so that they can’t be accessed by wild animals. If the bin is too difficult to get into, a fox will most likely give up and look elsewhere.”