Hidden cameras in hotel rooms are a concern for some travellers and flight attendant Esther shared her top hotel hacks to easily spot a spy camera in the room. The crew member explained that this is "the first thing I do when I arrive at the hotel". In a TikTok video where she documented the first things she does after checking in, she revealed: "Check for the hidden cameras in the room. First, mirrors!" To find out if there is a hidden camera behind the mirrors, simply touch the mirror with the fingertip and notice how your fingertip appears in the mirror. "If the reflection and your fingertip will not touch and leaves a quarter-inch gap or so, then it’s a clean mirror," Ddcountermeasures explained. "But when you place your fingertip on the mirror, and the reflection touches your finger, there is something fishy about the mirror," the security site said. READ MORE: Ryanair cancels flights due to France strikes  Therefore, if there is a small gap between the fingertip and the reflection, it will be a regular mirror without a hidden camera, however, if there isn't a gap between the fingertip and the reflection, it's probably a two-way mirror. A two-way mirror is a mirror on one side and a window on the other, making it the best place to hide the cameras. Travellers can also use a flashlight to check for hidden cameras behind mirrors. "Turn off the lights in the room and then press the flashlight against the glass. "You will know it’s a two-way mirror if you are able to see the place on the other side," an expert at Ddcountermeasures explained. DON'T MISS The flight attendant headed to the bathroom and checked "in the shower". She then inspected the "fire alarm" and finished with a "random check". This included checking the TV, the curtains and other items and pieces of furniture using the torch on her phone. All phones have a flashlight which can be very useful to detect a hidden camera in a hotel room. As a hidden camera has a lens, and lenses reflect light, by closing the curtains, turning the lights off, and using the phone’s flashlight, hotel guests would be able to spot the hidden camera's reflection. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' It may take some time to find, as the reflection will only be spotted when the lights hit the lens at the right angle. Security experts at Kaspersky explained that travellers can also spot them without using a flashlight as spy cameras use infrared illumination for filming in the dark and although "it is invisible to the human eye, it is not to a smartphone camera". "When filming in the dark, the infrared light source will appear on the screen as a pulsing dot. Keep in mind that your smartphone’s main camera may not do the trick, because it probably has an IR-light filter, so the front camera is a better bet. "You can experiment with a TV remote to find out if your smartphone is good for the job," the experts recommended. "If your suspicions are correct, you will see a glare on the smartphone screen. "If you can’t use the phone’s camera and flashlight simultaneously, use a separate flashlight," they advised. Travellers should scan the room slowly and shine the light from different spots. "Everything was OK!" flight attendant Esther concluded.