After almost ten years away, Channing Tatum is making a comeback as Mike Lane in the third and final sexy dance movie: Magic Mike's Last Dance. The 42-year-old slimmed down, bulked up, and shared the stage with Salma Hayek to bring his character's endearing story to an end. The movie's release date is just around the corner, and we've got all the info you might need about the picture. Magic Mike's Last Dance hits UK cinemas Friday, February 10, 2023. The movie reportedly has a 1hr 52m run time, making it one the same length as the first film in the franchise: Magic Mike. Director of the picture, Steven Soderbergh, is making a comeback of his own, as well. He originally helmed the first Magic Mike and is bringing Mike Lane's story to a close. And his passion to make a comeback came after he saw the live Magic Mike show. He recently said: "As soon as I saw what Channing, Reid, and the Magic Mike choreographic team did with the live show, I said: 'We have to make another movie.' Mike Lane’s dream of connecting people through dance must be realised." It's no surprise Magic Mike 3 has come to fruition considering how successful the previous movies have been. Magic Mike and Magic Mike XXL earned a staggering $300 million at the worldwide box office. And, considering how highly-anticipated Magic Mike's Last Dance is, that number is sure to soar. Magic Mike's Last Dance is bringing back the series' main star, Mike Lane, once again played by Tatum. This will be the third time he has graced the silver screen as the erotic dancer - but it sounds like this will be the final time he is reprising his role. He previously expressed resentment towards the fitness regime of the role, however. "That might be the reason why I didn’t want to do a third one," he recalled. "Because I have to look like that. It's hard to look like that. Even if you do work out, to be that kind of in shape is not natural. That's not even healthy. You have to starve yourself. I don't think when you're that lean, it's actually healthy." Tatum is being joined for the first time by Salma Hayek, who is playing his love interest and financier, Maxandra Mendoza. While it is certainly exciting to see Hayek share the screen with Tatum, she recently told Jimmy Kimmel it wasn't without risks. DON'T MISS...Salma Hayek puts on busty display at Magic Mike live show [NEWS]Salma Hayek sizzles in risqué see-through dress at Magic Mike premiere [PHOTOS]Channing Tatum on 'super scary' divorce from ex-wife Jenna Dewan [INFO] Hayek told the talk show host: "You know, this one part that’s not in it is where I’m upside down, and my legs had to be somewhere. But upside down, one loses sense of direction, and I didn’t do what I was supposed to do. So in the rehearsal, I went like, head down, almost hit my head. [Channing] held on to my pants, but I was really concerned because my pants were going away, and I couldn’t remember if I had underwear or not in this moment. So, instead of putting my hands to protect my head, I just held onto the pants. He’s like: ‘Put your hands up,’ and I’m like: ‘No, no, no, no!'" She added: "Everybody came in and kind of took me away from him, and he said: ‘What’s wrong with you?’ I said: ‘What’s wrong with me? You nearly killed me!’" As well as Hayek's involvement in the movie, Caitlin Gerard will be playing Kim. Although not a lot is known about this character just yet. Gavin Spokes is also arriving in the movie as Matthew - but, once again, not a lot of information has yet been revealed about his character. The official plot for Magic Mike's Last Dance is: "Mike Lane takes to the stage once again when a business deal that went bust leaves him broke and bartending in Florida. Hoping for one last hurrah, Mike heads to London with a wealthy socialite who lures him with an offer he can't refuse, and an agenda all her own." The synopsis added: "With everything on the line, he soon finds himself trying to whip a hot new roster of talented dancers into shape." From the trailer - which can be seen at the top of this article - it looks like Mike will put everything he has to bring his new show to the stage in London, England, whether he can afford it or not. Of course, the trailer teases some tensions between the characters, so maybe it won't be a happy ending for the performer after all? Magic Mike's Last Dance hits cinemas on February 10.