Conor Benn has snapped back at Domino's after the pizza chain poked fun at his failed drugs test. Benn was set to fight rival Chris Eubank Jr in October last year, but the bout was scrapped after he returned adverse findings of clomifene in two samples provided to the Voluntary Anti-Doping Association (VADA). However, the 26-year-old has now been cleared by the WBC, who ruled there is "no conclusive evidence" Benn intentionally ingested clomifene and said that "highly-elevated consumption of eggs... raised a reasonable explanation for the Adverse Finding". The WBC's ruling means Benn has regained his No. 5 spot in their welterweight rankings, but he is still awaiting the verdict of a separate investigation by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) and the UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD). As a result, he is still not licensed to fight and the BBBofC and UKAD investigation will decide whether he will receive a ban. And after the WBC's ruling was announced, Domino's poked fun at Benn's egg explanation by posting a picture of a pizza with eggs photoshopped onto it with the caption: "Introducing the Conor Benn special". Benn then hit back, writing: "I actually prefer @pizzahut". JUST IN: KSI 'ducked again' as MMA star Dillon Danis fails to show up for meet In response to the WBC's decision, the BBBofC said: "Whilst the BBBofC wishes to make clear that it respects the WBC, the WBC is a sanctioning body and not a governing body. The decision of the WBC does not affect the ongoing implementation of the BBBofC's rules." Promoter Eddie Hearn has said he is aiming to get Benn back in the ring by June "at the very latest" now that he has been cleared by the WBC. "Now we have to look at the route forward, but I can't tell you too much at the moment until Conor and his legal team decide how they want to handle that statement and that ruling," Hearn told Boxing Social. "He has to decide now whether he wants to fight under the British Boxing Board of Control or fight under another license, fight internationally. I would like him to fight under the jurisdiction of the British Boxing Board of Control. DON'T MISSJake Paul takes aim at Tommy Fury with cruel Molly-Mae Hague digFury and Paul stats show one fighter is clearly the bigger puncherChisora willing to place eye-watering Paul vs Froch bet "There's a lot of ego involved now. I've seen a lot of people come out and do interviews after never doing interviews before in their life. So, can he get a fair crack of the whip? I don't know. I hope so. Because I would like him to fight in this country. "I want him to box in April, May, June at the very latest. And, honestly, subject to the conversations with the British Boxing Board of Control, I don't know if we would have a hearing in time to get a decision by then. It's not my decision, this is a decision for Conor Benn whether he wants to work with the British Boxing Board of Control."