This is a clear victory for the unrelenting campaign of the quite fanatical Remainers - also called the Remoaners. But that slim majority is, I believe, quite wrong. The Remoaner campaign has persuaded many that the motive for leaving was mere xenophobia, which is a form of bigotry. Not so. The real reason, which the voting majority of 2016 quite rightly suspected, was not because we Brits dislike foreigners; it was because the terms of our membership were ruinously slanted against us - and still are. Let's go back a bit. In 1956, with the old Common Market on the threshold of being formed (the Treaty of Rome was 1957), the six founding members invited us to join. Back then we could have virtually dictated the constitution to our huge advantage. But the Prime Minister Anthony Eden was obsessed with his fiasco over Suez. Across the Channel, France was being ruined by her disastrous colonial war wS C be disa Alge 500 000 in Algeria with an army of 500,000 conscripts bleeding her white. Germany was still apologising for her behaviour during the Second World War. Italy was in her habitual chaos. The three Benelux states were minnows. The Common Market was ours for the taking. Then the Foreign Office blew it. They sent a so-called diplomat, Sir Evelyn Shuckburgh, to Paris where he made a speech of such insulting arrogance that the invitation to us was killed stone dead. Just three years later, the picture was the reverse. In Paris, President Coty had gone and the passionately anti-British De Gaulle was installed. In London, Eden had gone and the pro-EU Macmillan was installed. The latter applied to join. De Gaulle's reply was an adamant "Non!" and remained so until he died. When, in 1973, we were finally allowed in, De Gaulle's protégé Georges Pompidou was in the Élysée and carried out his master's wishes: we got in but on the most punitive terms possible. In 1993, John Major capitulated further with the Treaty of Maastricht which made the government machine in Brussels master of us all. Of course, our bureaucrats loved it because a state run by them is their Utopia. They still do, which is why they want it back, and after the surrender of parliamentary democracy during Covid (thank you, Boris), they feel they are close to getting it. As I hoped, the man appointed by Boris Johnson to give a forthright assessment of the NHS has reported in layman's language without mincing words. Sir Gordon Messenger, 60, is a retired Royal Marine and a combat soldier to his boot heels, and he speaks like one. He has made it very plain - no civil service gobbledegook - that the problem is not the money but the leadership. He made a cutting comment that ought not to go unremarked in the Ministry: that supermarkets and banks do a better job at getting the right people in the right posts. That's a polite way of saying the private sector does a better job and doesn't fritter away money. I have little doubt the mandarins will oppose him. Has Health Secretary Steve Barclay the bottle to overrule them? For English fans of rugby, last Saturday was head-in-hands time again. Ten minutes from the final whistle we had a four-point lead. All that was needed was to hang on to it. A three-point penalty kick for Scotland reduced it to one. But that is still a win. Then Scotland, in the dying seconds, crashed over for a seven-point converted try that should never have happened if England's XV had not simply lost the plot. So a six-point defeat in the opening match of the Six Nations Tournament. But we do retain one unchallengeable supremacy - snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. It seems to be our national specialty if there is green grass and a ball involved. I was wondering how long it would be before the career of novel writing would succumb to the vandals of wokery. Well, it has happened; top publishers are now asking authors not to use naughty words "lest they offend the sensitive". Even Anthony Horowitz a giant in script and novel writing, has been asked to moderate his language. Others have been told they cannot mention cock birds as opposed to hens. I suppose that must have been a gentleman pheasant on my lawn the other day, and silly me I thought it was a c**k bird. Margaret Thatcher once remarked of her colleague Mr Whitelaw that "every prime minister needs a Willie". Well, that's worth impeachment for a start. Will it ever end? At the risk of ruffling a few feathers I remain sceptical of the advice from financial gurus in the media on how to turn our modest savings into fortunes. If they were that good they would not be writing on salary in a paper; they would be bobbing in their yachts off Cannes surrounded by amenable models helping with the champagne before bed. Germany, with her size, population, and wealth, was once a leading and valued partner in the Nato alliance. Recently she is looking like the frailest ally we have. First came her insane energy policy, converting from almost self-sufficient to a slavish dependant on Russia for the oil and gas to keep the lights burning. Since it became plain thatVladimir Putin was a brutal tyrant, she has been trying to find alternate sources for that energy - with partial success. For too long her defence budget has been a minuscule one percent of GDP as against the advised two or three percent. Chancellor Olaf Scholz has recently raised this in what looks like a panic measure. But defence procurement is not a 10-minute problem, rather one involving years of development and or purchase. Since the Russian rape of Ukraine, Scholz has been dragging his feet on providing Kyiv with Leopard tanks, even refusing permission for the dozen smaller countries who, having bought German Leopards, needed his permission to donate some to Ukraine. Eventually, he conceded and the sales/ donations will go ahead - just in time, we hope. Now it has been revealed that his national intelligence agency, the BND - equivalent to our MI6 - has been penetrated by traitors working for Moscow. To make matters worse, the exposure of the latest traitor was made by an allied intelligence agency (possibly MI6) and he has been there for years. World trust is absolutely vital. If you cannot be 1,000 percent confident that what you tell an ally in confidence will remain secret, you tell them nothing. If anything we tell Berlin might go straight to Moscow, that is that. At future get-togethers you simply discuss the weather. We at least have one great advantage - membership of the Five Eyes club - the UK, the USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. These trusted allies give us global coverage without a vast and ruinous budget. Only our Hard Left pundits of awesome stupidity, forever knocking this country, fail to realise how much their freedom to do so derives from our defences - including our intelligence machine.