Around five million Britons already have more than one job but the cost of living crisis is forcing many more to look into starting a side hustle. Offering a transcription service and typing notes from audio pays up to £36 an hour according to This Morning's Consumer Editor Alice Beer. Some five million Britons have more than one job while another 10 million are considering starting a side hustle to help survive the cost of living crisis. That's according to This Morning's Alice Beer who said: "This is what I would do. If you can listen to audio and you type you can get 60p a minute on TranscribeMe." For people who can type fast 60p a minute works out at £36 per hour which is more than twice as much as the UK average of £16.60 per hour. The consumer expert also recommended people hire out a spare room or space or listing skills on sites like TaskRabbit and Airtasker. READ MORE: Lidl's eight simple supermarket swaps could save you £470 a year She suggested looking at listing a room on sites like Spareroom or Airbnb and said a room in Norwich could fetch around £600 a month. Letting someone else stash stuff in one's garage or loft could mean an extra £500 a month, while renting out the garage or driveway could lead to an extra £200 a month. Half of British households have a spare room meaning millions of people could benefit from making an extra income by renting it out. A photographer from Bristol told Express.co.uk how he listed his spare room on Airbnb and made twice as much as he would if he was renting it out to a lodger. Marcus Ahmad, 59, said: “I did think originally I could maybe just get a lodger in but then I started doing the costings. "I realised that through Airbnb and a bit more effort - ie doing the place up and hosting people - I could actually make double the amount of money I would when renting it." Another simple way to make a passive income could be to sign up to Stashbee and list garage space for hire. The Stashbee website has an online calculator but one example it gives on its website is someone in Birmingham could be banking anywhere from £56 to £164 per month, which works out at nearly £2,000 per year. Express Money readers have been sharing how they have been making money through sites like TaskRabbit and Airtasker - platforms which Ms Beer also mentioned. People can offer services including cleaning, home repairs or delivery services with the average hourly rate standing at £28.70 in the UK.    