Reece Donnelly was seen with his fellow The Apprentice candidates arriving at Heathrow terminal three where they were told they’d be flying to Dubai for their next task. However, when they arrived, Reece was nowhere to be seen. Now, it has been reported he was kicked off the show for “drinking too much alcohol on the plane”. Reece was hoping to win the £250,000 investment from Lord Sugar and insisted he left the competition for health reasons. Now, a source claimed Reece was told he couldn’t continue with the task after drinking on the flight to Dubai. The candidates are said to have been given strict instructions not to enjoy a tipple on the plane. A show source told MailOnline: “"Reece was sent home and didn't film in Dubai. READ MORE: Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' “Producers were unimpressed when he had several alcoholic drinks on the flight even though he was told not to.” They added Lord Sugar was “furious” and couldn’t believe Reece risked his chance at bagging £250,000 for a drink. A spokesperson for The Apprentice told Mirror Online: “Reece was unable to continue in the process, this was discussed and agreed between Reece and programme-makers." The Apprentice candidates absence from the task was not addressed until the contestants returned to the boardroom. Lord Sugar explained: “So, as you know, Reece wasn't able to take part in the task and has subsequently left the process.” Reece previously said of his exit: “I could not continue in The Apprentice due to being unable to complete the task in Dubai for health reasons. “My goal of being on The Apprentice was to showcase that Scotland has amazing businesses and entrepreneurs. I really hope I’ve done that. “I’ve thoroughly enjoyed my time on the show and I’m looking forward to watching my fellow candidates in the rest of the series. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice star ‘absolutely gutted’ after making ‘fatal error’  [EXCLUSIVE]The Apprentice star pulls out of BBC series before Dubai task [LATEST]The Apprentice winner with net assets worth £1.37million [INSIGHT] “I’m so grateful for my time with Lord Sugar and the team.” Reece wasn’t the only candidate to leave the competition after the trip to Dubai as Joe Phillips was fired. His team failed to impress when they limited the amount of drinks their corporate clients could enjoy while out in the desert. He admitted he made a “fatal error” of only offering two glasses of water and one juice. Joe told Express.co.uk: “I'm obviously absolutely gutted that I was fired. “I thoroughly enjoyed the process. And I was very lucky I got to go to Antigua and Dubai but on this task, I think the thing that fell down was the hospitality side. “To provide the guests with limited drinking water in 35-degree heat in the desert was a fatal error.” The Apprentice continues Thursday on BBC One at 9pm.