Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has been left with egg on his face after his previous comments backfired in Tuesday's Champions League clash with Real Madrid. Anfield watched in horror as Klopp's side were mauled 5-2 by their conquerors in last season's final. Liverpool's rancid run of results against Real continued on Merseyside with a sixth defeat in seven games with no wins. Prior to Tuesday's thrashing, the latest came last May when Los Blancos became 14-time European champions in Paris. After that crushing defeat, courtesy of Vinicius Jr.'s sole winner, Klopp attempted to raise spirits among Liverpool fans by suggesting they should already look forward to the 2023 final in Istanbul. "Where's [the final] next year? Istanbul? Book the hotel," the German coach stated. Nine months on, Liverpool's hopes of reaching the Turkey showcase are in tatters after a demolition job at Anfield. JUST IN: Newcastle make 'final decision' on appealing Nick Pope Man Utd ban  The Reds will need to mirror the magic of 2005 earlier than expected at the Santiago Bernabeu if they are to progress to the quarter-finals. The hosts flew off to a dream start as Darwin Nunez's clever flick and Thibaut Courtois' mistake helped Mohamed Salah make it 2-0 after 14 minutes. But then Real clicked. Vinicius was the bane of Liverpool's night again, netting a wonderful strike on 21 minutes before Alisson produced his own moment of madness to gift the Brazilian a brace before half-time. Immediately after the restart, Eder Militao's header completed the comeback before Karim Benzema added two goals of his own before being applauded off the pitch by the home crowd. Liverpool are all but certain to end the 2022/23 season without any silverware after narrowly missing out on a quadruple last term. DON'T MISS Liverpool can feel smug after Rio Ferdinand gives Darwin Nunez verdictHaaland can use trusted training routine to revive Man City formArteta granted wish as Arsenal get fixture news for City and Chelsea However, Klopp produced fighting talk after full-time, insisting that Liverpool would travel to the Bernabeu knowing they have time to complete a remarkable turnaround. An audibly disheartened Klopp told BT Sport: "We will go there. We will play a football game. It's not the best start and the best basis for it. We didn't create that tonight. "Obviously, everyone saw tonight how good they are on the counter-attack if we have to score goals there. "In their own stadium, each single counter-attack can be the decider. So it will be a massive challenge, but there's time. "Until then, we have to play in the Premier League. We have to recover and make sure we take the right things from this game, and the rest we have to learn from as well." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here