Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was in a defeatist mood following Tuesday's Champions League humbling by Real Madrid. The German admits his side face a highly-improbable task of turning the last-16 tie around after losing 5-2 at Anfield. A night that started so brightly for Liverpool saw their hopes of a seventh European Cup left in tatters. After leading 2-0, it all went wrong for Klopp's side from there on in. Real drew level before half-time before a barnstorming second-half display from the reigning champions. Klopp is not keeping up much hope of turning the tie around at the Bernabeu. "We will go there," a downbeat Klopp told BT Sport. "We will play a football game. It's not the best start and the best basis for it, we didn't create that tonight. "Obviously everyone saw tonight how good they are on the counter-attack if we have to score goals there. In their own stadium, each single counter-attack can be the decider. READ MORE: Pep Guardiola rejects Thierry Henry's Erling Haaland comments  "So it will be a massive challenge but there's time, until then we have to play in the Premier League, we have to recover and make sure we take the right things from this game and the rest we have to learn from as well." Liverpool raced into a 2-0 lead inside the opening 14 minutes. Darwin Nunez gave the hosts the perfect start with a delightful flick. Mohamed Salah then capitalised on a huge error from Thibaut Courtois to double the Reds' advantage. However, write Real off at your peril. Carlo Ancelotti's side struck back to draw level before half-time through a Vinicius Junior brace. The Brazilian scored with a fine strike to make it 2-1 before it was Alisson's turn to make a major mistake in the Liverpool goal, with his attempted clearance coming off his international team-mate and looping into the net. Eder Militao turned the game on its head straight after the break with a close-range header after Joe Gomez had given away a needless free kick. Karim Benzema then netted a double of his own as Liverpool had no answer to Real's relentless attacking. Klopp was pleased with the start his team made, claiming they were at their typical attacking best. But he could not make excuses for some of the defending as Real pulled off a stunning comeback. He said: "The beginning was outstanding. It was us in a nutshell. It was perfect, exactly how we wanted to play. The whole first half was good besides the goals. "The first goal we became slightly passive higher up the pitch, we weren't chasing them. The second goal is slapstick. It shouldn't happen, can happen, 2-2. "The first situation pretty much [after the break] they played a long ball to Vinicius. Not sure if it's a foul. How we defend that is not OK. Then 3-2 and that doesn't help against a team who are outstanding on the counter-attack." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 