Adele is just a few weeks away from bringing her Las Vegas residency at Caesar Palace to an end. The star kicked off her shows back in November, and they are running until March 25, 2023. But over the weekend, things got a little too much for her as she looked back on her journey on the stage thus far. The British-born singer found herself breaking down in tears as she spoke about cancelling her shows last year. Adele admitted she still feels the pressure on stage after pushing her residency shows by 11 months back in January 2022, according to The Daily Mail. She told her live audience: "I have been waiting for so long to get to this weekend and I didn't even realise it. What I haven't been able to get out of my head since the beginning of the show was that it took so long, and I was like: 'When am I ever going to say I've done my residency?'" She added: "And this weekend, if not for the added shows, I would have completed my residency." Struggling through tears, Adele explained that this past weekend was important to her as it marked the end of her original run of residency shows. Adele continued: "Even though I have got four more weekends left after this, I have been waiting for so long to get to this weekend. When I cancelled the original dates it was terrifying to do. But better late than never, and the shows have been a success." Composing herself, she added: "I knew I was making the right decision." Adele cancelled her residency slot in January 2022 just hours before she was meant to go on stage. Many fans hit out at her on social media as people had already flown to Las Vegas to see her. At the time, she posted a teary-eyed confession video on her social media accounts where she admitted the show "wasn't ready". DON'T MISS...Adele is 'engaged' and her ring is worth a lot of moneyAdele ‘set to marry this summer’ as she flaunts ring from Rich PaulAdele details agonising health woes live on Las Vegas stage Adele told her fans: "Listen, I’m so sorry, but my show ain’t ready. We’ve tried absolutely everything that we can to put it together in time and for it to be good enough for you, but we’ve been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid." She added: "Half my crew, half my team are down with Covid — they still are, and it’s been impossible to finish the show, and I can’t give you what I have right now and I’m gutted." The 34-year-old later spoke to ELLE where she explained the show just had "no soul". "The stage setup wasn't right," she continued. "It was very disconnected from me and my band, and it lacked intimacy. And maybe I tried too hard to give it those things in such a controlled environment." Adele went on to say she felt "proud" of standing up for herself in an effort to build the "best possible show". "The first couple of months was really, really hard," she said. "I was embarrassed. But it actually made my confidence in myself grow, because it was a very brave thing to do. And I don't think many people would have done what I did. I'm very proud of myself for standing by my artistic needs." She finally kicked off her Las Vegas residency in November 18, 2022.