Condensation on windows occurs when moist air comes into contact with a colder surface such as a window and it can’t escape. The issue can spoil views as well as create mould and so should be dealt with quickly and effectively. There are several different methods for getting rid of excess moisture and condensation, but I tried baking soda to see if it actually could work. Baking soda is known for its moisture-absorbing properties, as it is often used to get rid of odours in areas like the fridge. It can also be used to clean several areas of the home, including the washing machine. I use a variety of different methods to get rid of condensation such as opening the window for a minimum of 15 minutes per day as well as using my dehumidifier regularly. However, opening windows makes the home cold and a dehumidifier uses electricity, so I decided to see if bicarbonate of soda could work as it has been recommended by a number of experts. Owen Whitlock, Interiors Expert at Beanbags.co.uk, explained: “Try a baking soda hack to dehumidify high moisture rooms. READ MORE: ‘Problematic’ Japanese knotweed on the rise - hotspots “It’s simple, fill a small bowl with baking soda and place it on the windowsill. Over time you will notice the baking soda will harden as it absorbs the moisture.” The idea is that the excess moisture in the room will be caught in the baking soda, preventing it from turning into condensation on the windows. When the baking soda comes into contact with something damp, it pulls the moisture out of the air and traps it inside the powder. My dehumidifier was reading that the room was at 70 percent humidity, which is extremely high. DON'T MISS:Six ‘vital’ maintenance jobs to make your grass ‘greener than ever’ [COMMENT]I dried laundry with just a dehumidifier - here’s how long it took [INSIGHT]Ideal time to prune Japanese maples - avoid ‘weakening’ acer [EXPLAINER] I placed baking soda in a bowl and placed it on my bedroom windowsill, close to one of the windows to see if it could absorb excess moisture. I left the bowl of baking soda for a few hours and returned to find some areas of the baking soda had hardened, showing it had actually worked to some extent. Despite leaving the baking soda overnight, the room was still full of excess moisture and the windows had condensation on them, although it was slightly reduced. The dehumidifier was reading 50 percent humidity, which had actually decreased quite a lot, despite not opening windows or using the device. READ MORE: Method to water orchids ‘correctly’ to avoid ‘root rot’ However, I think this hack could work brilliantly in small cupboards or drawers as it definitely did absorb moisture from the air. Maybe you could try several bowls of baking soda on the same windowsill, but that would get expensive and wasteful, unless you could reuse the household essential. I picked up my baking soda from Ocado for around £2, but only used around a quarter of the box, meaning trying out the hack costs around 50p. It can also be purchased from Wilko, B&M and supermarkets including Asda for around £1.50. If condensation does occur on windows, it is important to get rid of it as soon as possible before it has the chance to turn to mould. The best way I’ve found to do this is to use a window vacuum, I have a Vileda Windomatic Power which you simply glide over the windows to vacuum up any moisture. The dirty water collects in the 100ml tank which you simply empty into the sink or toilet and it also has a max button for powerful cleaning. The description on Vileda’s website reads: “The Vileda Windomatic Power vacuum for windows is the perfect choice for modern and easy window cleaning. “With its two electronic power levels, it sucks all steaks within mere seconds and leaves no stains. No more tedious window cleaning thanks to this intuitive technology.”