Elizabeth Garrett, 34, has claimed that while caring for her ill father, British Gas agents entered her home “without warning”, “used my toilet and didn't flush” and “made cups of tea”. The mother said after struggling with her mental health in 2011 she sadly spiralled into debt.   Eleven years ago, Garrett, 23 at the time, was visiting her father who was very ill with pancreatic cancer when she discovered the situation. Her father later passed away. Following her visit to the hospital, she returned to her home in Northfield and found her back door off its hinges, she said. Ms Garrett claimed that debt agents from British Gas had entered to fit a meter. READ MORE: Relative of Epsom College killing suspect breaks silence   However, British Gas told BirminghamLive that it had attempted to contact Elizabeth on “multiple occasions” about an outstanding balance. The company stated that they had entered the home in December 2011 “under warrant” in order to install the prepayment meter. The part-time cleaner, who is now debt-free, said: "I had a two-bed council house at the time, but unfortunately my circumstances changed and I only had £108 each month to live off. My mental health worsened and I wasn't well enough to go back to work. "I phoned British Gas and told them that I couldn't pay the full bill and would pay a bit back each month. They agreed on this. DON'T MISSWilliam shares George, Charlotte and Louis' favourite music star [REVEAL]Queen carried spare gloves after embarrassment at royal wedding [INSIGHT]Maguire shows true colours with message to Ten Hag after Man Utd win [UPDATE]   "I asked for a prepayment meter, but they said I need to be 'in more debt' to be eligible - so I stopped paying all together. I think my arrears was around £860. "As this was going on, my dad was in hospital with pancreatic cancer. We were later told he wouldn't make it. "When I got home after visiting him one day, I was in disbelief to find British Gas had entered my property, without warning. I looked through my mail but there was nothing to suggest that this would be the plan - and I'd never agreed to it. "While they were there, they used my toilet and didn't flush. They also made cups of tea."    A British Gas spokesperson has countered these claims. They said: "The warrant process would be a last resort after multiple attempts to contact a customer over many months. "For this particular case, from 12 years ago, our records show that we attempted to engage with Ms Garrett to try to offer help and assistance on many occasions without success."  