Leeds United chairman Andrea Radrizzani reportedly will not try to make Mauricio Pochettino the club’s new manager after sacking Jesse Marsch on Monday. The 48-year-old has flown back to England from his Italian home as he looks to take a hands-on role in the club’s managerial search. Marsch was relieved of his duties after a terrible run of form that had seen the Yorkshire side pick up no wins in their last seven Premier League games. The club now sit level on points with 18th-placed Everton with whoever takes on the job tasked with keeping Premier League football at Elland Road. A host of names have already been linked with West Brom boss Carlos Corberan currently the bookies' favourite. However, there will be no return for fans' favourite Marcelo Bielsa or former Tottenham manager Pochettino with Star reporting that Radrizzani will not be sanctioning moves for either of them. Some reports had linked Bielsa with a return despite the fact he was relieved of his duties just 11 months ago to allow for the arrival of Marsch. The 67-year-old had flown to England last month to hold talks with Everton over the vacancy at Goodison Park before he was overlooked in favour of Sean Dyche. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100m In contrast, Pochettino is not believed to hold any interest in the role as he sets his sights on the Real Madrid job. Los Blancos have lost pace with Barcelona in the race for the La Liga title with Carlo Ancelotti under increasing pressure. Leeds are said to have drawn up a four-man shortlist including Corberan as well as Celtic boss Ange Postecoglou and Bodo/Glimt man Kjetil Knutsen. Radrizzani hopes to make an appointment by Sunday ahead of the encounter with Manchester United at Elland Road. In the meantime, under-21 coach Michael Skubala will take charge assisted by Chris Armas and Paco Gallardo with the trio in the dugout for the Whites’ first fixture with United at Old Trafford on Wednesday. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning Skubala has ruled himself out of the running, stressing the arrangement is only short-term as the club work on a replacement behind the scenes. "This is a temporary situation," he told reporters ahead of Wednesday’s match. "I'm happy to support the club and look after the club in this moment of time while they work really hard to find a new head coach. I'll go back to my old role once this is done. I'll just do the best job I can do.” It remains to be seen who Leeds will appoint as their next head coach but it appears the potential options are already reducing as the club looks to make a swift appointment.