Britons face significant changes in 2023 with capital gains tax and dividend tax set to be cut at the end of the fiscal year. As a result, more taxpayers will be dragged into the tax band during an unprecedented rise in the cost of living. To make their cash go further, people are turning to ISAs to boost their savings during this turbulent economic time. An ISA is a savings or investment account which offers savers tax-free interest payments on the amount they put in. Each account holder is given an allowance which they can use to maximise the potential returns of their money. This is done by protecting savers’ cash from levies such as income tax, tax on dividends and capital gains tax. There are variations of this savings account including cash ISAs, junior ISAs, stocks and shares ISAs, innovative finance ISAs, and lifetime ISAs. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come However, savers only have a certain amount of time to make the most of their ISA allowance and are being told to “use it or lose it” by experts. Account holders are unable to exceed the allowance for the ISA they have taken out and are encouraged to reach the limit each year to make the most of it. Deadlines for different ISA accounts are fast approaching and interactive investors are reminding savers of them. Once these deadlines have passed ISA allowances will be renewed for the new tax year which means savers have only a couple of months to reach their limit. Here is a full list of the upcoming ISA deadlines in 2023 savers should keep in their diaries: READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Depending on the ISA someone has, savers will have different allowances applied to their accounts. Savers can put away £20,000 in one type of ISA account or split the allowance across some or all of the other types of accounts. It should be noted that account holders can only save £4,000 into their Lifetime ISA within a tax year. Currently, the Junior ISA allowance limit for the 2023/24 tax year comes to £4,000 for each saver. Myron Jobson, a senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, explained: “It’s worth keeping an eye on ISA deadlines because for certain types of payment, or for Bed and ISA transfers, the deadline can come a little earlier. “Regular investing into an ISA can prove a useful tool for investors, and can also help avoid racing against the clock for the ISA deadline. “It is particularly useful in times of market volatility – something which investors will be very familiar with over the last few years – introducing discipline and helping to take some of the emotion out of investing. “Ultimately, none of us have a crystal ball. Time in the market rather than timing the market has proved more impactful over the long-term. Regular investing smooths out some of the highs and lows in the price of shares.”