A heartbroken mum says she has not been upstairs in her home for more than a year following the death of her daughter. Semina Halliwell's mum Rachel Halliwell claims her daughter took her own life after an interview with police.    The 12-year-old had said she was raped by an older boy who she said had groomed her over Snapchat. She told her mum that at first he was nice and complimenting and charming her, but then the threats started. And on the night before Mother’s Day in March 2021, she told her mum he had raped her. Semina then became the victim of online and physical abuse by others, her mum claims.   The boy was interviewed by police but was released without charge. Ms Halliwell, from Sefton, Merseyside, says she has faced agonising grief every day since her daughter’s death in June 2021. She said: "It's been so hard to even think about a headstone, I just couldn't go there. It has been really difficult because, and I know this probably has nothing to do with the headstone, but I haven't been upstairs for over a year since Semina passed away. "So when it came to the headstone it was just so difficult. I bought two plots at the cemetery. “I had ideas and I started to think about what I wanted and then I would change and say 'no that wouldn't be right'." READ MORE: Woman makes 'little girl cry' by asking her to move from window seat    She told the Liverpool Echo: "I wanted something that no one else had. I wanted more of a memorial as well for her, so to actually decide on something that I want I am relieved because I felt like it was a grave with just a cross there and I felt like it had been neglected, even though it wasn't, and she deserved only the best. "She's never going to get married, have a prom or have a 21st, so regards to money she deserves only the best. “My father had a business in Southport, he was a stonemason, and he sold his business so I went to Marcus Memorials which used to be the Halliwell business and together we designed [the headstone]." Ms Halliwell said a photograph of her daughter will be engraved in the middle of her headstone and will be a "beautiful memorial" for people to come to visit. She says people from across the world visit Semima’s resting place to pay their respects. Writing on Twitter, Ms Halliwell said: "It's taken me 21 months to decide on Semina’s headstone, today I customised and designed her headstone. “Never thought this picture taken on Semina’s nanna's 80th birthday nearly three years ago would be engraved on her headstone two years later." Liverpool Echo reports that Semina’s family will have to wait more than two years for answers about her death. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle is 'upset and annoyed' over South Park parody [REPORT]Kate painstakingly attempts to cook a pancake during visit [WATCH]SNP's rivals want Humza Yousaf elected to replace Sturgeon [ANALYSIS]  A pre-inquest hearing into her death was held on February 3 and there will then be another hearing in July. This should determine a date for the full inquest, which should be before the end of this year. Ms Halliwell added: "You couldn't make it up. The miscarriage of justice that Semina has gone through no child or adult should have to go through that." A Merseyside Police spokesperson previously told the Echo: "The matter is currently being considered by the Sefton, Knowsley and St Helens coroner and as such it is not appropriate for Merseyside Police to comment on any of the substantive issues raised at this time, as we would not wish to prejudice the coronial investigation. “However, we have, and are, co-operating fully with the coroner in this matter. “A formal complaint relating to the police investigation has been received and the concerns expressed are being investigated by the force’s Professional Standards Department. “We have informed the Independent Office for Police Conduct and are keeping them updated." The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.  