China could begin supplying Russia with weapons to aid its invasion of Ukraine, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has warned. Blinken said Chinese companies were already providing Russia with non-lethal aid but could soon step up support. The comments are sure to send US-China tensions soaring after a huge diplomatic row over a Chinese balloon shot down in American airspace.  He warned the escalation would have "serious consequences" for China. Beijing has denied suggestions Vladimir Putin has requested military equipment as Russia flounders in its nearly year-long Ukraine invasion. Blinken was speaking to CBS after he met Chinese foreign affairs minister Wang Yi at Saturday's Munich Security Conference in Germany. During the interview, he said the US was worried about China providing Russia with "lethal support". "There's a whole gamut of things that fit in that category, everything from ammunition to the weapons themselves," he said. Wang told leaders at the security summit Beijing is working on a peace plan to end the conflict, however US intelligence has indicated otherwise.  "We have seen them provide non-lethal support to Russia for use in Ukraine. The concern that we have now is based on information we have that they're considering providing lethal support, and we've made very clear to them that that would cause a serious problem for us and in our relationship," Blinken continued. Chinese companies have already been providing Moscow with non-lethal support, however the Secretary of State said that, in China, there is "no distinction between private companies and the state". The comments came following an hour-long meeting between Wang and Blinken in which China offered no apology for the balloon shot down in US territory on February 4. Nevertheless, he said the meeting between the two was useful. He also noted that Iran and Russia were expanding their military relationship. Iran has been providing Russia with weapons to be used in Ukraine, including so-called suicide drones known as Shahed-136s. READ MORE: Chinese spy balloon 'targeted Hawaii' before it was blown off course  The munitions have been used to attack Ukrainian civilian infrastructure and cities in recent months. Now, according to Blinken, there are concerns about Russia returning the favour and arming Iran with advanced fighter planes. The comments follow a speech at the conference by Vice President Kamala Harris in which she said the United States had formally determined that Russia had committed crimes against humanity in Ukraine. During the speech, which highlighted Russian war crimes, including execution-style killings, rape, torture and forceful deportations, she noted Chinese support for Moscow which "troubled" the United States. NATO has been providing various weapons an assistance to Kyiv in the face of an invasion by Russia, something which Wang appeared quick to point out. "I suggest that everybody starts to think calmly, especially friends in Europe, about what kind of efforts we can make to stop this war," he said. He added that there were those who "seemingly don't want negotiations to succeed, or for the war to end soon" without elaborating. DON'T MISS:Death row inmate cut out and ate own eye, seeks clemency for murders [REPORT]Kamala Harris sends warning to Putin over 'crimes against humanity' [ANALYSIS]Kari Lake vows to take Arizona defeat case to Supreme Court [INSIGHT]   There have been reports that China's President Xi Jinping is set to deliver a "peace speech" on the anniversary of Putin's invasion of Ukraine, February 24. US-Chinese relations were already at a low following America's accusation that the balloon was a Chinese surveillance device. It was shot down off the coast of South Carolina - an act Beijing called an "overreaction". While China claimed the balloon was used for civilian metrological purposes, Washington says it is part of a wider surveillance programme by Beijing which has targeted 40 countries across five continents.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 