Fans have described 71-year-old Pamela Allyn as "fabulous" and looking to be "in her 40s" thanks to her youthful complexion. However, she puts a lot of this down to her regimental skincare routine which she has been carrying out for 40 years. In a TikTok video, Pamela sat down with her niece Brittany, who shares content on the page @thirtywaves, to discuss her anti-ageing secrets. "My name is Brittney and I'm 36 and I've learnt from the best, my aunt pam, 71," Brittany told her audience of 324.3K followers. Pam's skincare routine occurs in two parts, with some rituals taking place in the morning and others just before she goes to bed. "She started around her mid-thirties so it's not too late," added Brittany. "I wake up in the morning and I splash warm water on my face, grab a towel and go," explained Pam. While there are plenty of face washes and scrubs available to deep clean your face in the morning, Pam recommends not washing your face and sticking with a "splash" of water. READ MORE: Woman, 40, who 'looks in her 20s' on the haircare mistake ageing hair Brittany further explained: "No washing your face in the morning. Just at night. It keeps your natural oils which oils are important for anti-ageing and wrinkle prevention." Pam also swears by one specific item of skincare, a lotion infused with retinol. She explained: "I immediately put on lotion with retinol. I've been doing this for around 40 years. "I start on my forehead, I do my cheeks, I do around my mouth, under my eyes. I do my neck, my décolletage and I might do it again." Retinol is an over-the-counter formulation of vitamin A that is applied topically to the skin and a form of retinoid. Experts from Healthline state: "Retinoids not only reverse the signs of natural ageing, but they can also repair sun damage on the skin. DON'T MISS3 hair changes can make you look '10 years younger' [INSIGHT]62-year-old's essential anti-ageing techniques to look younger [REVEALED]Woman calls out men that called her 'f****** bombshell' at work [COMMENT] "Retinoids have been shown to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, smooth the skin and even the tone. Retinol, retinyl palmitate and retinoic acid are all types of retinoids." Retinol has many anti-ageing properties thanks to its ability to increase skin cell production. The vitamin A formulation also has exfoliating properties which are thought to boost collagen production. "[I add] a little extra around my lips again and a dab extra [under the eyes]," Pam said as she motioned to the various places she applies the lotion on her face. "And at first if you use retinol it might seem a little harsh for your skin but it takes a week or two for your skin to finally get used to it." Brittany explained that Pam's chosen formulation is less harsh for the skin. "One thing is she's not using tentinoin or a Retin-A. She's using retinol which is less harsh," explained Brittany. "It's a little bit less strong but it's over the counter and it has still worked miracles for her." Pam also adds that her make-up includes an SPF to protect the skin from the sun's UV rays. The aunt and niece's video has so far amassed over 8,000 "likes" from viewers, with many shocked at how youthful the duo looks. "No freaking way you are 71 and 36... un-freaking-believable," said Norah [SIC]. Freida commented: "Wow, she's 71? Oh my. She's still gorgeous and look young." [SIC] A TikTok user named Lisa added: "Wow, I thought she was in her 40s."