Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has agreed to lift the Carabao Cup trophy with Bruno Fernandes should they beat Newcastle today, according to reports. The Red Devils are just one victory away from a first piece of silverware since 2017. And Erik ten Hag is hoping to achieve glory at the first time of asking, too, having been appointed as manager back in the summer. Manchester United will be hoping to beat Newcastle, having conceded just two goals on their way to the Carabao Cup final clash at Wembley. And the Mirror say Maguire and Fernandes have planned the trophy lift in the event of the Red Devils reigning supreme. It’s claimed the pair are both willing to hold one handle each and raise it aloft, despite Maguire having the role of captain. The England international has struggled for regular game time this term, having previously been a regular under Jose Mourinho. And that’s why he’s willing to share the honours with Fernandes, who has usually led the team in his absence. The United star has started all five of the club’s games in the Carabao Cup so far this term. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Maguire, by contrast, has got the nod from the beginning of games on just two occasions - while he also can on as a late substitute in the 2-0 victory over Nottingham Forest. United go into the game hoping to end a six-year wait for a trophy, which is their longest dry spell in four decades. The last trophy the club won was the Europa League in 2017, with Jose Mourinho masterminding a way to glory that year. The Red Devils are also hoping to avoid a third defeat in a final, too. Mourinho was in charge as Chelsea beat United 1-0 in the 2018, with Eden Hazard netting the only goal of the game that day. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes And United failed to win the Europa League in 2021, with Villarreal beating the Red Devils on penalties. Ten Hag has spoken out ahead of the match between United and Newcastle and challenged his players to ‘build a legacy’ for themselves. “When you are a player for Manchester United you have to create your own legacy - and therefore you have to win trophies,” he said. “We are going in a good direction. On Sunday we have an opportunity to win a trophy. “But after Sunday we are still in three competitions where we have good opportunities to also win something. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It’s massive. But first we have to get the first one so we don’t think further ahead. “We have to put everything we have into getting the trophy to Manchester.” Newcastle boss Eddie Howe, meanwhile, has insisted the Toon’s record of not winning a major trophy in 54 years should motivate his side to go all the way. “I don’t feel the players are burdened by history – they feel it as a potential motivation,” he said. “We made them aware before the start of this competition that there’s been a long wait for a trophy and I think they all understand that. “I think it’s a great thing we have that as a motivating tool.” And, on what victory would mean for himself and his team, Howe added: “It would mean the world to me but it would be more for the supporters, for everyone connected with Newcastle, if we were able to do it. “They’ve had a long wait and I know just from my dealings with people around the city, the love they have for the football club. “I’d love to return that love with a trophy. Since coming to Newcastle, from day one, I’ve felt good. “I feel an inner contentment here. I feel comfortable in my surroundings.”