 A pay rise of 2.9 percent for Members of Parliament has been confirmed by the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA). The increase of £2,440 will take effect from April 1 and push annual salaries up to £86,584. Yet a new Express.co.uk poll has shown widespread disapproval towards the rise, with one commenting that they are already “grossly overpaid”.  The IPSA which regulates MPs’ pay said that the 2.9 percent increase was in line with the average increase in public sector workers for 2022/23. The public body was formed in 2009 to ensure transparency in parliamentary finances. Richard Lloyd, IPSA's chair, said: “In confirming MPs pay for next year, we have once again considered very carefully the extremely difficult economic circumstances, the government’s evolving approach to public sector pay in the light of forecasted rates of inflation, and the principle that MPs’ pay should be reflective of their responsibility in our democracy. “Our aim is to ensure that pay is fair for MPs, regardless of their financial circumstances, to support the most diverse of parliaments.” He continued: “Serving as an MP should not be the preserve of those wealthy enough to fund it themselves. It is important for our democracy that people from any background should see representing their communities in Parliament as a possibility.” READ MORE: Gary Lineker's call for bigger salaries for MPs slapped down by Brits  In a poll that ran from 9am on Friday, February 10, to 2pm on Tuesday, February 14, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Do MPs deserve a pay rise?” A total of 4,397 readers responded, with the overwhelming majority, 96 percent (4,230 people), answering “no” MPs do not deserve a pay rise. In contrast, three percent (140 people) said “yes” they are deserving, while one percent (27 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on MPs’ salaries.  The bulk of comments were firmly against MPs receiving a pay rise, with username oreo king writing: “No. They are grossly overpaid.” Likewise, username Bandersnatch said: “I'd much rather they started earning what they get paid now.” Username jd2 said: “No for what they've done to this country! They don't even deserve minimum wage.” And username wrathful wrote: “What in the world have they actually done to deserve a pay rise? Nothing.” DON'T MISS: Sunak still backs BBC boss over Boris loan row [LATEST]POLL – Should Rishi Sunak push for the UK to leave the ECHR? [VOTE]New Brexit deal likely to be announced in next fortnight [UPDATE]  Another, username Steveuk57, wrote: “Haven't deserved the last couple of pay rises. In fact, their wages are far too high for the extremely poor job they do.” While username tt84 said: “The lot of them should have refused it. £80k is more than enough to live on, they do not need any more and they have certainly not earned it. So no, I don't think they deserve a pay rise.” Other readers argued that they were deserving of a pay cut. Username durfel remarked: “They deserve a pay cut based on their performance.” Username Wafoo agreed, commenting: “A pay cut more like!”  However, a minority of readers argued that if conditions surrounding additional income changed, a pay rise would be justified. Username Voice_of_sanity said: “Yes, but ban all second jobs.” Similarly, username dj55 said: “They do deserve a pay rise...but there should be conditions. One is a cut in their numbers. Productivity needs to be improved. Expenses also need to follow IR490….No second jobs of any kind. They can then have a massive pay rise.” Another, username sam the man, wrote: “Yes they should have a pay rise but only if they are banned from getting money elsewhere outside of their duties they are paid to do one job in Parliament.” And username In the bag remarked: “Don't have a problem with MP pay rises.”