In the history of English football's Premier League, Ali Dia is widely regarded as the worst ever player. Recommended to Southampton by a con artist, the striker from Senegal made one inept appearance as a substitute in 1996. So woeful was his performance that he had to be brought off before the final whistle. The Southampton star Matt Le Tissier later recalled: "He ran around the pitch like Bambi on ice. It was very, very embarrassing to watch." Liz Truss is the Ali Dia of politics. Promoted by her campaign team with empty claims about her talent for leadership, she soon proved so hopeless as Prime Minister that she had to be removed after just 44 days. Hers is easily the shortest premiership in British history - and one of the most calamitous. Even in that brief period, the damage she inflicted was remarkable as the markets slid into turmoil, interest rates soared and pension funds teetered on the brink of collapse. She had promised a shake-up. She brought a meltdown. Yet instead of feeling humiliated by this legacy, Truss remains defiant. With the same ironclad self confidence that has long infused her career, she has launched a PR blitz to justify her economic vision and re-establish herself as a leading figure in public life. The comeback began yesterday with a 4,000-word newspaper article in which she not only defended her programme, but blamed her failure on the forces aligned against her, particularly "the powerful economic establishment". In all this exculpatory verbiage, there was neither contrition nor any real willingness to accept responsibility. The only fault she admitted was that, as an awkward media performer, her communications had been poor, but even this was qualified. "Although there were many ways that the policy could have been better communicated or tweaked to make it more acceptable, I struggle to see how that would have changed the fundamentals of what happened," she wrote. Such an argument illustrates her self-delusion and unsuitability for the highest office. The reality is that her whole economic approach, enthusiastically backed by her Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng, was wrong. It was reckless rather than radical, unbalanced rather than unorthodox. Set out in the notorious mini-Budget of October, this strategy proposed massive tax cuts worth around £45billion without any commensurate reductions in spending. In fact, her Government promised big increases on infrastructure and childcare spending. The only way to pay for all this would have been through a huge hike in borrowing at a time when the state's indebtedness was already at a record level and inflation was surging. It's no wonder the markets were spooked and the pound took a hammering. Truss and Kwarteng said that theirs was a strategy for growth but, days after the mini-Budget, it looked more like a recipe for bankruptcy. Rather feebly, she wrote yesterday that she and Kwarteng were given no warning by the Treasury of the difficulties with their policy, especially the impact on pension funds. But they were the ones who dismissed advice they didn't want to hear, forced out the highly respected Treasury mandarin Sir Tom Scholar, and, crucially, refused to involve the Office for Budget Responsibility in their plans. Moreover, during the Tory leadership contest in the summer, Truss's rival Rishi Sunak warned repeatedly of the dire consequences of unfunded tax cuts and spending pledges. His forecasts proved astonishingly accurate, even though he was portrayed by Truss's supporters as a fiscal doom-monger. Contrary to her claims in yesterday's article, her victory in that contest did not give her an overwhelming mandate. The Conservative Party membership was too narrow a base from which to push her scheme, given she lacked both popular support and the backing of the majority of Tory MPs. Nor can she pretend there is anything truly Conservative about unfunded tax plans or lavish borrowing. After all, the Tories are meant to be the party of sound money. Fortunately for Britain, the mess Truss and Kwarteng made was so disastrous they had to go quickly. It is telling the recovery in market stability began the moment Jeremy Hunt and Rishi Sunak succeeded them. Calm, reassuring and experienced in business, both are far better equipped to run the economy. Truss has many virtues, including determination and resilience, but she is not cut out for the summit of politics. She should use her skills elsewhere instead of hankering for a return to the front rank.