first direct is increasing the interest rates on two of its instant access savings accounts. From Wednesday March 1, the group is increasing the rates on its FD Savings Account from 0.9 percent to 1.2 percent. The rate on the FD Bonus Savings Account, excluding the bonus, is also increasing from 0.9 percent to 1.2 percent. For its Bonus Savings Account, the 2.6 percent rate for balances up to £25,000 is increasing to 2.75 percent. The one percent rate for balances above £25,000 is increasing to 1.6 percent. Chris Pitt, CEO of first direct, said: “We review our rates regularly in order to make sure we are offering value to our customers. These boosted instant access rates will offer a better return for those customers that do need easy access to their savings. READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike  “Our instant access range complements our other savings products, which include our market-leading Regular Saver Account at sevent percent. We also offer ISAs and fixed rate accounts to suit our customers, whatever their saving goals and needs.” first direct currently offers seven percent with its Regular Saver Account. The interest rate is fixed for 12 months from when the account is opened. Interest is calculated daily and paid on the anniversary of when the account was opened. A person can apply for the account online. The account is only open to 1st Account customers and new customers will need to open a 1st Account before they can set up a regular saver.   Savers can deposit between £25 and £300 a month and customers cannot make partial withdrawals. All new customers switching to the bank can also get £175 in cash. This can be done using the Current Account Switch Service. A customer must pay in at least £1,000 within three months of opening the account to get the switch offer. Many banks and building societies have upped their rates over the past year as the Bank of England has continued to increase the base rate. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released The base rate is currently at four percent with some analysts predicting it could go up even further this year. Decision makers at the central bank have increased the rate in efforts to curb soaring inflation, which peaked at just over 11 percent last year. The rate of inflation is currently 10.1 percent, which is well above the Bank of England’s target of two percent.  Bank of England rate setter Catherine Mann has warned further increases to the base rate may be needed “sooner, rather than later” to get inflation under control. She said: “Monetary policy has taken a path which has been ­aggressive, but perhaps insufficiently so relative to the multiple shocks and the behaviours pushing up inflation. “We have an inflation remit and will achieve it one way or another. Failing to do enough now risks the worst of both worlds.” Victoria Clarke, UK chief economist at Santander’s corporate and investment banking arm, warned high interest rates could continue for some time. She said: “Concerns over sticky underlying inflation will likely force the Bank of England to hold policy at these restrictive levels this year, we think. We do not expect cuts in the base rate until 2024.”