  Gemma Atkinson, 38, has opened up about feeling “betrayed” after hinting that someone from her innermost circle leaked her pregnancy news. The soap star officially revealed she is expecting a second child with fiancé Gorka Márquez, 32, last month.     Speaking to her Hits Radio co-host Mike Toolan yesterday, Gemma revealed she was feeling “sad” about someone close to her spilling such a big secret. The celeb shared the clip from her show on Instagram twice in front of her 1.8 million followers. “Keep your friends close and your enemies closer to you,” the former Strictly star began mysteriously. “Have you ever had anyone betray kind of a big secret?” Mike asked. READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz's ex Ben Ofoedu breaks silence on split    “Yes!” Gemma replied incredulously, before Mike replied: “What?” “Recently!” the former glamour model pressed on, as the penny dropped for her co-star, who warned: “Oh, you can’t talk about this on the show…” “Now I’m expecting,” Gemma said in reference to her baby bump. “We only told about 14 people.” The actress captioned the video with a sad face and wrote: “Sad but true.”      On January 21, the star shared her happy baby news with a black and white photo of herself proudly displaying her bump. "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially 'popped’,” she tweeted. "Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year. "We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! “Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie." READ MORE... Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [NEWS] Sadie Frost talks 'moving on' from Primrose Hill set with ex Jude Law [NEWS] Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [PICTURE]     Gemma and Gorka announced their engagement on February 14, 2021, after the dancer romantically got down on one knee for Valentine’s Day. The pair share three-year-old daughter Mia Louise Marquez, who was born the year before on July 4, 2019. The couple met through Strictly back in 2017 when the soap star was competing alongside Aljaž Škorjanec. Gemma was feeling nostalgic last week, as she shared some adorable snaps from when Mia was first born.      “Some of my fav pics from Mia’s first few weeks at home,” she wrote with a red love heart emoji. “The exhausting night feeds which at the time you think will last forever. “The same go too Muslin cloth, and inquisitive looks and chin rests from Norm and Ollie. “I feel SO Grateful and SO lucky that we get to do it all again @gorka_marquez,” she concluded. (sic)   