Bob Hope (played by Tony Audenshaw) and Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) have their B&B launch party on Wednesday's instalment of Emmerdale. However, the event is set to take a horrifying turn when a dead body is found upstairs. Will Tony be forced to bury the body and get rid of the evidence in upcoming scenes?  The duo have teamed up to transform the village's B&B and have invited the residents to attend their grand reopening party. Determined to make a success of their new venture, the pair hire a harp player to be the entertainment for the evening. However, Bernice ends up sleeping with the musician ahead of the launch event. Things take a dark turn when Bob discovers the harp player, named Tim, dead upstairs in the B&B as guests start arriving downstairs. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Bob actor Tony explained of the upcoming scenes: "Bob and Bernice have got all these things to do. "They're starting their new business with this massive launch, and Bob is only half-happy with the things they have planned." He told Digital Spy Bob can't find Bernice on the morning of the B&B's launch and he's made to do her work as well as his. Tony continued: "When Bernice finally turns up, she lies that she has been for a run.  "Bob can't understand it, but she puts him in his place and he has to accept it. "We find out later that Bernice has been sleeping with the rather gorgeous harpist and having the time of her life with him!" When the guests arrive at the venue, Bob goes in search of the musician to find out where he is as he should be playing his harp. Tony revealed: "Bob goes upstairs to check up on Tim and finds him dead in the room, with the guests all downstairs. He goes and gets Bernice and explains what's going on. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Cain as he loses custody of Kyle  [LATEST]Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [REACTION]Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle fears for Paddy Dingle's safety  [THEORY] "They've got a dead harpist on their hands, but what do they do? Do they call the police? Do they move the body? "They don't know what to do for the best. Bob is completely perplexed by it." He sends Bernice downstairs to clear the guests so they can contact the emergency services but it turns out she has not done anything to resolve the situation. Tony explained he finds Bernice enjoying herself with the guests and a journalist from the local paper.  Emmerdale bosses are keeping the outcome under wraps, so will Bob contact the police or bury the body himself? He and Bernice have worked hard to secure the B&B and they might be concerned the suspicious death could be bad for business. They may also be worried about being framed for the harp player's death. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 