Cristiano Ronaldo and Ronaldo Nazario will be fondly remembered as two of the greatest players to ever walk the earth. But for Arsenal legend Thierry Henry, only one of the strikers can be described as the “real Ronaldo.” Last year, Henry was asked by Jamie Carragher on CBS Sports if he’d ever asked to swap shirts with a rival player during his playing days. And the former France international replied: “Yeah I did. Ronaldo. R9 - the real one. How many Ronaldos did you know when you were growing up? In the game people will say the real one. Ronaldo is R9. Cristiano is Cristiano Ronaldo.” Portugal’s Ronaldo has embellished the pinnacle of world football for two decades and has bagged an incredible 702 goals and 223 assists during 952 club appearances for Sporting, Manchester United, Real Madrid, Juventus and Al-Nassr. The 38-year-old has lifted five Champions League and four Club World Cup trophies and has won three Premier Leagues, two La Ligas and two Serie As. He is the highest scorer in the history of international football thanks to his 118 goals for Portugal and helped his country win Euro 2016. And his formidable performances over the years has seen him lift the Ballon d’Or on five occasions. READ MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty    Brazil’s Ronaldo, meanwhile, was unplayable during his heyday in the late 1990s and was just about as prolific as any striker in the history of the game during spells with PSV, Barcelona and Inter Milan. The 46-year-old was never quite the same player after rupturing a knee tendon in 2000 but still bagged plenty of goals throughout the second half of his career. R9 finished his playing days after racking up 295 goals and 75 assists in 453 club appearances and can also count the likes of Real Madrid and AC Milan as former employers. The striker notched 62 goals in 99 games for Brazil and was part of his country’s side that won the World Cup in 1994 when he was just 17 years old, although he didn’t make it onto the pitch DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning    The ace went on to win the Golden Boot at the 2002 World Cup as Brazil won the tournament for a fifth time. He also helped his country win two Copa Americas and was recognised for his prodigious talents with two Ballon d’Ors. The original Ronaldo ended his playing career in 2011 following a two-year spell with Corinthians in his homeland. The current-day Ronaldo, meanwhile, is now plying his trade with Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia after leaving Manchester United last November. 