The Chelsea hierarchy apparently backed Potter following last weekend's 1-0 defeat at home against Southampton and supposedly retain their faith in the former Brighton boss. They felt that their next three games, against Spurs, Leeds and Borussia Dortmund, would provide an excellent opportunity to win over support. But Potter has now hit a new low after Spurs eased to a win over the West Londoners. Oliver Skipp and Harry Kane scored second-half goals against the lacklustre Blues. Some fans called for Potter to be sacked after the relegation-threatened Saints walked away from Stamford Bridge with a rare three points last week. And those supporters are set to be disappointed once against as Chelsea reportedly have no plans to sack Potter in the aftermath of Sunday's latest setback. JUST IN: VAR fiasco in Chelsea's loss to Tottenham masks two worries for Potter According to CBS Sports, Chelsea will not part ways with Potter after losing at Spurs. That is despite a woeful run of form that shows no sign of improving. Co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali supposedly retain their faith in Potter. They plan to stick with the 48-year-old, who wide-ranging reports suggest that Boehly and Eghbali see as pivotal to their long-term project. But Chelsea were easily beaten by Spurs, with Skipp and Kane seeing off their London rivals. "I take full responsibility for the results and it isn't good enough for Chelsea Football Club,” Potter said afterwards. “We want to try and improve it [but] if results aren't good enough, which they aren't at the moment, you can't rely on support forever that's for sure. My job is to keep going." DON'T MISS...Chelsea star Enzo Fernandez urges Boehly to sign Felix permanentlyChelsea team news: Graham Potter rings the changes for Tottenham clashChelsea boss Potter given sack timeline as Boehly told to pull trigger Potter and his coaching staff apparently held crisis talks with sporting directors Paul Winstanley and Christopher Vivell last week. It was reported that the meeting was conducted to discuss a pathway out of the club’s dismal form. The Chelsea boss revealed on Friday that he and his family had been subjected to death threats in the aftermath of the loss against Southampton. “I want to succeed here. There’s nonsense (being said) that I don’t care. Where does that come from? Where’s your evidence on that? Ask my family. People have a perception I don’t care - what’s that based on? How do you know? “You could ask my family how life has been for me and for them. It’s been not pleasant at all. I understand supporters go home and they’re annoyed because the team aren’t winning. But I assure you, my life for the last three or four months has been fairly average.”