Chelsea also completed the signing of highly-rated 17-year-old prospect Jimmy-Jay Morgan from Southampton on transfer deadline day - despite little coverage of the deal. The Blues are set to pay the Saints a hefty compensation fee for the highly-rated teenage talent, who is now widely regarded as one of the best young prodigies within English football. Morgan opted to turn down a professional contract with Southampton in order to pursue a transfer elsewhere and it was Chelsea that eventually won the race for his services. Although the Blues were busy tying up a club-record £107million swoop for Enzo Fernandez, they still had their finger on the pulse to snap up Morgan after hearing that he was up for grabs. Arsenal, Leeds and Manchester City were also linked with a move for the striker but Chelsea wasted no time at all to beat their transfer rivals to a deal. Chelsea managed to tie up a deal for Morgan despite the fact he had 18 months left on his scholarship contract as they now prepare to welcome him to their prestigious youth set-up at Cobham. READ MORE: Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech 'left stranded in Paris' after computer crash wrecks PSG move Southampton boss Nathan Jones had previously hinted that he was ready to hand the player his senior debut ahead of the FA Cup triumph over Blackpool. Yet recent developments saw Jones overlook the teenager and the player has now been moved on as his time on the South Coast comes to a surprise end. "Jimmy [Jimmy-Jay Morgan] is a fantastic player with a bright future if he picks the right choices and the people that are working with him handle him well and if we work him in training and develop him into the right level," Jones said last week. "If it’s right for us tomorrow to put a youngster in, we’ll do it. What we won’t do is put anyone in gratuitously. READ MOREMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transferChelsea's decision on letting Conor Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan dealLeeds rocked by Nicolo Zaniolo deadline day twist with Roma ready to approve transfer "They have to earn it, they have to be ready. When they do and they get their opportunities, we’d like them to take it, so we’ll see." Although the compensation fee is yet to have been decided, the Blues splashed a whopping £323m in the January window - meaning they spent more than the entirety of the Premier League in the 2022 winter market. Graham Potter will now be under increasing pressure to deliver following a slow start to life in west London following his appointment in September. Todd Boehly has splashed huge money on top young talent including Fernandez, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Benoit Badiashile, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana. And the signs suggest there are no signs of him slowing down in future transfer markets as he looks to assemble a team capable of competing both now and in the future. The signing of Morgan is part of Chelsea's expansive plans for the future and the young forward will be expected to team up with the club's U21 or U23 side. He has hit four goals in eight Premier League 2 matches this season for the Saints having also featured in the Football League Trophy on three occasions. Meanwhile, Hakim Ziyech will be returning to Chelsea after his loan move to Paris Saint-Germain collapsed at the eleventh hour.