People have watched in dismay as staples such as milk, bread and butter have spiralled in cost by almost 17 percent. Average annual food bills are expected to hit £5,504, and parents will shudder at the thought of prices pushing even higher. The cost-of-living crisis has created individual crises in every community as people's finances are stretched ever thinner.  The Prime Minister has set the ambition of inflation halving this year. Ministers must look beyond the national spreadsheet and address the real pain and fear caused by food inflation. When people are struggling to afford true essentials, the Government must be prepared to act. Just as Britain was threatened by a social disaster by rocketing energy prices, further escalation in grocery costs could prove catastrophic. The British Retail Consortium has warned that "prices are yet to peak" and a 10th consecutive increase in interest rates is expected this week. Families who feel trapped in a perfect storm need assurance the Government is on their side and ready to act.  Strikes on an epic scale will bring normal life to a halt today with half a million workers expected to take part. Teachers, train drivers and civil servants, including Border Force staff, will be among public sector workers leaving their posts. This season of strife is toxic for investment and the lost productivity will only heighten worries about the depth of Britain's downturn. The spectacle of military personnel being drafted in to cover for striking public sector workers sends out a message that the UK is trapped in a chapter of chaos. There are legitimate debates to be had about fair pay at a time of high inflation but strikes should be a weapon of absolutely last resort. Britain's return to prosperity must not be jeopardised. The strikes must stop for all of our sakes.  The passing of centuries can give a doomed romance a second chance to shine. A gold pendant fashioned to celebrate the first of Henry VIII's six marriages has been unearthed in a muddy field by an amateur detectorist. The treasure features a red and white Tudor rose entwined with a pomegranate bush, bringing together the symbols of Henry and Katherine of Aragon. Their marriage was annulled in 1533 but visitors to the British Museum can now marvel at this work of beauty and devoted craftsmanship. More tokens of vanished love doubtless lie beneath the nation's soil. 