Zoe Ball, 52, made a candid admission on Tuesday morning that left her BBC Radio 2 team “horrified” as she could not contain her laughter. The radio star revealed she sometimes liked to leave the lights on in the bedroom as she urged her listeners to “show off” their bodies as Valentine’s Day approaches. Speaking on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show, Zoe said: “We don’t all look like the images in adverts. We are all different shapes and sizes and you have one body, be proud of it. “And show it off, keep the lights on - I mean, I always turn the lights off but…” Asked whether that was always the case, Zoe backtracked: “Sometimes, if I’m feeling bold. “But you know what? Sometimes you’ve got to set the mood, you’ve got to put on the music, you’ve got to light the candles… “Am I telling you too much? Sorry the [team] is looking horrified next door,” Zoe added amid laughs. Zoe recently returned to BBC Radio 2 after a bout of Covid left her recovering at home, with Vernon Kay, 48, stepping in to cover her slot. The presenter issued a health update last week explaining the reason behind her absence as she thanked Vernon for the help. Taking to Twitter on January 30, Zoe told her 405,700 followers: “So I’ve got covid… “But good news is ya man @vernonkay is looking after y’all @BBCRadio2,” she added with a Face with Medical Mask emoji. “Back soon.” (sic) Vernon, who has hosted the show before when Zoe has been unwell, also informed his followers of the schedule change. “Couple of mornings on @BBCRadio2 coming up!!” Vernon revealed. “Get well quickly @ZoeTheBall 5am wake up’s play havoc with the eye bags!! See you tomorrow from 6.30AM.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES]Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE]Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW] Meanwhile, Zoe’s fans and friends took to the comments section of her tweet to send their well wishes. “Noooooooooo,” commented fellow presenter Rylan Clark, while musician Tom Bertram wrote: “Feel better soon.” (sic) “Hope you’re ok lovely,” Louise Redknapp added with a heart emoji. A fan named Kirk penned: “Really will miss you get well soon. Love Vernon though as well… Proper northern legend.” (sic) While Russ wrote: “Oh Zoe sending you TLC get better soon, think of all the catch up tv you can watch. “Big fan of Vernon's for years top bloke. Will be listening every morning.” (sic) Zoe took over as the new host of the Radio 2 Breakfast Show in 2019, following the departure of Chris Evans. She was the first female host of both Radio 1 Breakfast and the Radio 2 Breakfast Show for the BBC.