Isco would 'very much' like the idea of signing for Everton on a free transfer, according to reports. However, the Toffees are yet to make a concrete proposal to the former Real Madrid star. Isco is currently a free agent having had his contract cancelled at Sevilla in December. The 30-year-old was only at Sevilla for five months after leaving Real last summer. He made 18 appearances in all competitions for the La Liga club, including featuring in all six of their Champions League group stage matches. However, he is now on the search for a new club. Isco has reportedly been offered to a number of teams across Europe and in the Premier League. Everton are reportedly one of them after they failed to make any signings in the January transfer window. Italian outlet TuttoJuve claims a move to Goodison Park would be appealing to Isco. However, Everton are yet to make an official proposal to the player. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack striker  Isco would be able to sign outside of the window due to not being attached to a club. Juventus have also been offered the attacking midfielder but are not convinced. Isco spent nine years at Real between 2013 and 2022. He made over 350 appearances for Los Blancos but fell out of favour in his last couple of campaigns in the Spanish capital, as well as struggling with injuries. He has won 38 caps for Spain, scoring 12 goals. His last appearance for his country was in 2019. Meanwhile, Everton begin the Sean Dyche era at home to top-of-the-table Arsenal on Saturday. The Toffees currently sit 19th in the Premier League with just three wins from 20 matches. DON'T MISSWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allArsenal urged to back Arteta with three summer transfers including Rice Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here   Everton supporters have vented their frustration at the club's hierarchy in recent weeks. But Dyche has called on the fans to play their part to help on-field matters. He said: "We want the fans to play their part. It is choppy waters, but we want the fans to reconnect with that. I've got to earn my spurs and I'm willing to put the hard yards in to earn their respect. "Wins are those marvellous things in football that seem to solve things, but you have to earn that. You might get a lucky 1-0 win now and again but you don't want to build on luck. For me, it's about the heartbeat of the team and club. "Reminding them of the players they are. You don't get to be an Everton player without laying some markers down in your career as individuals and as a team. I think there is technical prowess here."  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!