Piers Morgan, 57, made a savage swipe at Sam Smith as he criticised their bold outfit choice for the Brit Awards 2023. The former Good Morning Britain presenter branded the Unholy singer “over-thirsty for attention” in full view of his 8.3 million Twitter followers. Piers uploaded a picture of Sam in their black latex inflatable jumpsuit as they stepped onto the red carpet earlier this evening at the Brit Awards. The broadcaster captioned the shot: “Methinks ‘they’ is getting a teeny weeny bit over-thirsty for attention #BRITs.” Piers' incendiary remark sparked debate, as other social media users took to the tweet’s reply section to share their mixed opinions. Some denounced the TV star for his use of quotation marks around Sam’s pronoun, accusing him of trying to “to take someone’s identity away”. SephtonMark agreed: “What a ghastly outfit.” RealSarahIdan added: “I guess it’s annoying for those sitting close or standing near by they have to be careful.” (sic) Jimmyrajackson argued: “It’s just pop @piersmorgan - it’s supposed to be fun, stupid and outrageous.” RosieWeir94 typed: “Methinks putting they in quotes is a disgusting attempt to take someone’s identity away. “They are a pop star, almost every pop star dresses more extravagantly. “You wouldn’t complain about a cis person doing it, so why is a non binary person unworthy of respect to you?” (sic) Piers had previously taken aim at Sam as he blasted the Grammy Awards 2023 in a recent column. During the event, Sam was joined by Kim Petras, who is transgender, as the pair performed their award-winning single, Unholy, to a star-studded crowd. DON'T MISS...John Torode enjoys working with wife Lisa as she's 'quite attractive' [LATEST]Bob Mortimer shares agony over painful autoimmune disease flare up [HEALTH]Ashley Roberts captivates in red dress as she dares to go braless [PICTURES] Other famous faces who attended the event held in Los Angeles on Sunday night included Lizzo, Adele, Harry Styles, Taylor Swift, Jay-Z, and Beyonce - who now has a record-breaking 32 Grammy awards. But it was the Stay With Me hitmaker's performance that caught Piers' attention and he did not hold back in his criticism. During their performance, viewers saw Sam wear satanic headgear and appear to be worshipped. Writing in the New York Post, Piers fumed: "What’s the best way to p*** off half of America in less than five minutes? "It would be hard to beat what the Grammys did last night when they had pigtailed, filler-face-plumped Madonna introduce non-binary singer Sam Smith." Piers vented that the singer "who first came out as gay, then gender-fluid, and now demands to be called 'they'", was dressed as Satan during his performance wearing an all red outfit with devil horns. Before Sam took to the stage, Madonna said: “If they call you shocking, scandalous, troublesome, problem, provocative or dangerous, you are definitely on to something.” Piers continued: "What if they — OK, me — just call you, Madonna, a toe-curling, embarrassing shambles of a once-great pop star, now best suited for annual appearances on Halloween? "And what if they — OK, me again — think Sam 'Satan' Smith’s desperation for attention is now fueled by a demented desire to be just as pathetically vulgar and repellent as the aging disgracefully Material Girl?"