Idaho murder victim Xana Kernodle put up a "fierce fight" against her killer, so much so that her fingers were nearly severed by the knife, souces close to the Idaho investigation claim. Kernodle was one of four University of Idaho students allegedly murdered by suspect Bryan Kohberger in November last year. "Xana Kernodle put up a fierce fight when the attacker set upon her, repeatedly grabbing the attacker’s knife, so much so that she sustained deep cuts to her fingers and that her fingers were nearly severed," sources close to the investigation told News Nation. They added that Kernodle was the last of the four students and friends killed in their off-campus home on November 13. Kaylee Gonçalves and Madison Mogen - who were childhood best friends - were killed as they slept in the same bed following a night out, according to the News Nation report. The noise from the first attack may have alerted Kernodle and her boyfriend Ethan Chapin on the second floor above the girls. Chapin was killed in the doorway of Kernodle's room, according to the sources. He is said to have suffered a slash wound to his neck. Kernodle apparently fought back against the intruder suffering deep lacerations to her fingers. The report is consistent with comments previously made by her father who said she fought back and had "bruises, torn by the knife".  The quadruple murder shocked the sleepy college town of Moscow, Idaho where the University of Idaho is located. After weeks of investigation, police finally arrested suspect Bryan Kohberger in eastern Pennsylvania more than 2,000 miles from the murder scene. Bryan Kohberger has been charged with four counts of first degree murder for the killings of than Chapin, 20; Xana Kernodle, 20; Madison Mogen, 21; and Kaylee Goncalves, 21, on November 13 last year.  READ MORE: Video captures chaotic moment Americans use roundabout for first time Kohbeger was a PhD candidate in criminology at Washington State University in Pullman, just a short drive across the border from Moscow. He has also been charged with one count of felony burglary and is being held without bail at Latah County Jail in Moscow. Kohberger appeared before the court on January 12 where he waived his right to a speedy trial. His probable cause hearing is scheduled for June 26 at 9am. At that hearing, the prosecution will need to present their evidence to move the case on to a trial. It is likely that more evidence against Kohberger will be revealed at this point. 