Louise Redknapp, 46, explained how she would never have made her sexy music video for Naked, if Madonna, 64, hadn't given her the confidence to take the plunge. The ex-wife of Jamie Redknapp released the song on her debut solo album in 1996 and it peaked at number 5 in the UK singles chart. Speaking of Madonna's impact on her career, Louise said: "Without Madonna, so many of us wouldn't have been doing what we were doing. "I did the Naked video and there's no way I would have done it if Madonna hadn't been around. “She was pushing boundaries and wasn't afraid to be herself and as an artist that's incredibly inspiring.” Louise also addressed the controversy the legendary performer has endured recently, after her appearance was slammed at the Grammys. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' Louise shared: 'Whatever you do people are always going to say stuff about people's image and whatever they do. “I personally don't read what is written. Well, I try not to,” she added to MailOnline. It comes as Madonna hit back at her critics last week as she quipped about how her “surgical swelling” has gone down. The Material Girl hitmaker poked fun at social media users who have repeatedly mocked her appearance.  In a selfie shared on Instagram, Madonna posed for the camera wearing an oversized navy shirt and distressed jeans. The 64-year-old wore light pink eyeshadow and nude lipstick, styling her bright orange hair in braids. Madonna completed her look with a black cap, which read: "Spiritually hungry". Captioning the post, she wrote: "Look how cute I am now that swelling from surgery has gone down. Lol." DONT MISS:Joe Wicks 'gave as much as he could' before workout venture struggles (PHOTOS)Dan Walker explains why he didn't use cycle lane after accident (NEWS)'Shaking' Jessica Chastain dramatically trips at SAG Awards 2023 (LATEST) Madonna's fans were loving the new snap, with one person labelling her: "The Queen of the Universe!" While a second remarked: “Trolling or being honest? Doesn’t matter. This is the most real tweet ever. Yes, you do look cute @socialdiva.” A third commented: “Slay Queen.” It comes as fans took to social media to share their confusion over Madonna’s appearance at the 2023 Grammy Awards held two weeks ago. The Vogue songstress took the stage to introduce Kim Petras and Sam Smith for their Unholy appearance when fans commented on her look — specifically her face. “Me attempting to ignore the fact that Madonna has a whole new face. #GRAMMYs,” one fan tweeted along with a meme video of Adele looking confused at a basketball game. “Whaaaaaat happened to Madonna’s face?! #GRAMMYs,” someone else wrote. “This legit looks like a Madonna impersonator with pics of the [sic] real Madonna in the background."