Dehumidifiers have grown in popularity in recent years, and with so many on the market, it can be hard to know which one to choose. Over the winter, I have tried and tested various dehumidifiers to see if investing in one is a good idea, and if they actually work and I was not disappointed when I tested out Meaco’s one. In fact, it has completely changed my life and my home for the best. Meaco dehumidifiers have been in high demand for several months, although at the time of writing, various models are available from Meaco direct as well as Argos. The MeacoDry Arete One 12L is a new combined dehumidifier and air purifier developed using feedback from over 2,000 customers. The description of the device reads: “A hybrid of two products, Arete saves you space, money and time. After five years of development Arete outperforms its peers as a standalone dehumidifier and a standalone air purifier. One touch controls, including Laundry Mode and Night mode, enable Arete to do the work for you. A 75 percent and better quality medical grade H13 HEPA filter, cleans the air you and your family breathe.” To test out this device, I used it in various different ways, including to reduce moisture in the air, with the hope of preventing condensation, as well as drying laundry. 1. Laundry Drying laundry in winter can be extremely tough, especially with the rising cost of electricity prices, forcing people to use their heating less. READ MORE: I tried Kärcher’s most advanced window vacuum - thoughts Placing an airer of wet laundry in any room of the home, without something helping to reduce the moisture in the air can cause serious damp and mould issues. Chris Michael, air treatment expert and managing director of Meaco, explained: “Mould growth is a problem that many experience in spring and summer. Humid air in the home seeks out a cool spot, such as a shaded wall, and mould forms. Even keeping a window open during the milder months in a bid to reduce moisture will have less of an impact because the outside temperature will be similar to the inside temperature, or in some cases, it will be hotter outside than inside. “By decreasing the moisture levels in the home with a dehumidifier, households can keep mould at bay in a season where it can grow fast.” With the touch of a button, this dehumidifier can be set to its Smart Laundry Mode which runs continuously for six hours to help dry washing. In this mode, the device automatically sets to a target humidity of 35 percent and increases to its high fan speed. The device does have two speed settings, but it automatically picks between them. If the dehumidifier reaches a level of 32 percent humidor before the six hours is up, the compressor will turn off to stop the air from becoming too dry, but the fan will continue to run. DON'T MISS:Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]Four houseplants best for removing ‘mould’ and ‘other toxins’ [EXPLAINER] I was amazed at just how smart this machine was, and was confident my clothing would dry within the six hours. To test it out, I placed an airer full of wet clothing in my spare room along with the dehumidifier and let it do its thing. I kept checking to see if the device was still on because I was impressed with how quiet it was, even at its high fan speed. It was also super easy to check how long was left on the timer thanks to its digital display, something I hadn’t seen before in dehumidifiers. My clothes were dry after six hours, and I was thoroughly impressed with the Smart Laundry Mode and have used it several times since I first tested out the device. Moisture is always in the air around us, and isn’t created by just drying washing indoors. It can come from everyday activities such as cooking, showering and even breathing. Chris added: “A dehumidifier helps households by removing condensation, stopping mould from forming and preventing damp smells, mildew and damage to soft furnishings, which can be costly to repair or replace.” The dehumidifier has a Smart Humidity Mode on the panel which sets the device to a target humidity of 55 percent, which is what Meaco typically recommends for a home. READ MORE: Three mistakes to avoid making with your dehumidifier Once the target of 55 percent has been reached, the dehumidifier will stop. If left on, the fan will run and check the humidity level every 30 minutes. If the humidity has increased more than three percent above the target, it will turn on again. This feature is really smart and again, not one I had seen before in a dehumidifier. While some may be hesitant about leaving them on for prolonged periods of time, they are actually very affordable to run. According to Meaco, a dehumidifier that can extract up to 12 litres a day, with a wattage of 157w (0.157kWh) would cost just over 5p based on the October 2022 price of 34p per kWh. A dehumidifier which can extract up to 20 litres a day, with a wattage of 216w would use 0.216 kWh, meaning it would roughly cost around 7p per hour. Research from Meaco in April 2022 after the spring price rate rise found that the Meaco Arete One 20L was £143 a year cheaper to run than its worst performing competitor, based on six hours use per day over 365 days. The next best machine after Arete was still £39.25 more expensive than the Arete One 20L to run. If a machine is kept for five years, this totals a saving of £196.25 to £715. I tried the dehumidifier for six hours over the period of a few days to see how much moisture there was in the air. I didn’t think as much water would be collected as there was and I was surprised to have emptied around five litres of water over that period of time. The dehumidifier has an amazing night mode too, which signals the device to reduce its fan speed, and turn off the display lights so you can place it in a bedroom or hallway without distractions. This feature was so useful in my home, as I often wake up with condensation issues throughout the winter months. However, with the night mode, I was able to test the dehumidifier out in two locations of my home, my bedroom and conservatory. Every night when I have run the device on night mode, there has been not one spot of water on my windows, which meant I could save time vacuuming it up, not to mention prevent damp issues. This particular model comes with a H13 HEPA filter, which helps to remove moisture from your home whilst purifying the air you breathe.  The managing director of Meaco added that the filter can also protect households from viruses and allergies such as pollen. A HEPA filter also traps most bacteria, pathogens and microbial spores too, keeping the rooms healthy for all residents. This needs to be replaced every three months roughly, but it doesn’t have to be if you don’t fancy using this element. Meaco has a wide variety of dehumidifiers, varying in price but the Meco Arete One 12L Dehumidifier andd Air Purifier retails for around £190. It is also suitable for flats and homes up to three bedrooms. While this is an initial investment, I would say it is well worth it considering all of the amazing features it has, as well as preventing condensation which could turn into mould.