The triple lock policy ensures the state pension rises each year in line with the highest of 2.5 percent, the rise in average earnings or inflation. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt reinstated the policy for this year, with soaring inflation meaning state pensioners are to get a 10.1 percent payment boost in April. He said: “The pension lifetime allowance and the annual allowance should both be inflation-linked following the same triple lock matching that applies to the UK state pension. "This would ensure a consistent inflation-linked approach to pensions. “The LTA has halved in real terms since 2012. And it’s been frozen for five years until 2025/2026 meaning it’s reducing in real terms by the current inflation rate of around 10 percent, per year.” The annual allowance is the maximum a person can save into their pensions without paying tax, with the limit currently at £40,000 a year. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs The lifetime allowance refers to the total amount a person can save across their lifetime in their pension pots and avoid tax. This is currently £1,073,100. A person can find out from their pension provider how much of their lifetime allowance they have used up. Mr Clark said: “A total of £382million was paid in charges by people whose drawings on their pensions exceeded the LTA limit in 2020/21, up from £344million in the year before. “Savers are limited to putting £40,000 per year into their pension through the annual allowance – seeking to restrict the size of their final pot is doubly limiting.  “Furthermore, the money that is in that pot will be taxed again when it is taken as income anyway. “It is unfair to punish people for achieving good investment performance over which they have limited control.” The financial analyst said triple locking the allowances would encourage people to save for their retirement. He added: “This should be enshrined in law with a pledge from both major political parties to commit not to change the criteria for a minimum of at least 10 years to allow pension savers some form of certainty.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost If a person goes above their annual allowance, the Government website has a tool where they can find out how much tax they will pay. Ministers are reportedly considering raising the lifetime allowance as part of a drive to encourage the over-50s back into work. Hilary Salt, partner at First Actuarial LLP and Pension Playpen All Star, told Express.co.uk an increase to the lifetime allowance may persuade retirees to return to work and boost their pension. She said: “As always, the problem with making ad-hoc changes to pensions taxation to address current challenges is that it becomes very complicated and can cause other unintended consequences. “It would be better to conduct an overall review of pensions taxation." The Institute for Fiscal Studies is calling for a substantial rise to the annual allowance. A report from the group said: “There is good reason to doubt the usefulness of a limit on the amount an individual can contribute to a private pension in a single year. “With a more rational tax treatment of pensions – and in particular one that limits the extent to which those who are not at risk of undersaving for retirement are able to receive an effective tax subsidy on additional pension saving – then the case for a constraining annual limit would be reduced further. “We therefore recommend that it is made much more generous so that fewer people are affected.” Express.co.uk has contacted HM Treasury asking for comment.