Cruise ships have everything you could need all in one place while also giving guests the opportunity to visit a range of destinations in one trip. While onboard offerings can differ between cruise lines, experienced travellers have shared the go-to activity they always do before anything else for a "stress-free" experience. Sharing their advice on the Cruise Critic forum, a user who goes by the name rkacruiser revealed their go-to plan of action for the first few hours of a cruise. They wrote: "When you get to your cabin, sit down, take a deep breath, and read the daily program to get an overview of what is upcoming that afternoon and evening so that you don't inadvertently miss something that you would have liked to attend. "Pay particular attention to any information about the required Muster Drill instructions and when that drill takes place." A muster drill is a mandatory safety exercise with the objective to familiarise all guests and crew with the location (muster station) where they are to assemble in the unlikely event of an emergency. READ MORE: Cruise guests share packing tip for 'lengthy' 26-day trips Aside from being prepared from a safety perspective, the avid cruiser goer suggested planning out the itinerary for your trip. They said: "Any spa or speciality dining reservations that need to be made are next. I am not aware of having to make reservations for any entertainment, I have never needed to do so. "If you have chosen open dining and want to make a reservation for a specific time for dinner that evening, this would be the time to 'try' to do so. But, probably, be aware, many others will also probably be trying to do this. "As an open dining guest, that first night might be a good one for a speciality restaurant or choose to have dinner at a time that is not 'prime dinner time' for many." DON'T MISS...Carnival cruise line cracks down on guests ‘behaving badly’ [REVEAL]Cruise guest shares 'cheaper' and 'easier' way to take excursions [INSIGHT]Grace Kelly’s yacht is available to hire and it costs £17,000 a night [PICTURES] Before booking your dining experiences, the cruiser noted that it's worth taking a look around the ship. On your first day, pay a visit to the ship's dining area for lunch or a drink if it's open. The forum user explained: "If only the buffet restaurant is open, but there are alternative dining venues available - as Carnival Cruise Line does offer -avoiding crowds in the buffet restaurant by prioritising these dining facilities might be a good idea." After enjoying a spot of lunch, it is usually a good time to "explore the ship". One of the cruiser's top tips was to plan a route around the vessel that leads back to your cabin. During this time, your luggage should have arrived so you can unpack and "get settled" in your holiday abode. READ MORE: ‘Glorious’ Spanish island named one of world’s best When it comes to sailing time, the agenda can differ greatly across different operators. As an experienced Carnival Cruise Line guest, the forum poster recommended the sail-away party, noting that it is "great". They said: "If you are not inclined to such festivities, there will be many open decks - maybe your own veranda if your cabin has one - to enjoy a more quiet sail away. "Enjoying your beverage of choice as you sail is also recommended by me!" Most importantly, the avid holidaymaker recommended relaxing when you board the ship. They warned: "Do not stress. Just do what seems natural for you and enjoy your cruise." Another forum user suggested "steering clear of guest services, especially on embarkation day". The cruiser who used the name sparks1093 said: "If you are on a ship that takes reservations for shows and dining and you need to reserve a specific show or dining time then it might be prudent to do that as soon as you are on board (presupposing of course that it can't be done before the cruise). "I figure I have the whole cruise to straighten anything out that needs to and I will typically do that late at night or early in the morning when there is no line."