Leeds United new boy Weston McKennie looks primed and ready for his debut at the club this weekend - but fans may have to wait a little bit longer to see him start. The 24-year-old American joins the West Yorkshire outfit after spending two-and-a-half-seasons with Juventus, in which he featured 70 times, scoring nine goals. The Fort Lewis native became Leeds' third signing of the January transfer window after the arrivals of Max Wober and Georginio Rutter from RB Salzburg and Hoffenheim respectively. He joins Brenden Aaronson and Tyler Adams as the third American currently at the club. The Whites travel to the City Ground for a 2pm date with Nottingham Forest on this Sunday, however, McKennie faces a real battle to start. McKennie has started five of the six matches Juventus have played since the World Cup and should be sharp enough to give Jesse Marsch pause for thought. But while the midfield maestro has declared himself fit and ready to start at the first opportunity for Leeds, team-mate Jack Harrison may have something to say about that. MUST READ:  Leeds produced masterstroke on deadline day despite Nicolo Zaniolo blank Harrison, ironically the other big storyline at the end of the window, may be hard to pull out of Marsch's squad - especially if recent performances are anything to go by. Reports leading up to deadline day claimed that Leicester City had made a £20m bid to Leeds for Harrison, with Brendan Rodgers keen to add another attacking player, especially considering the eventual departures of both Ayoze Perez and Marc Albrighton. A move for the 26-year-old looked less and less likely as deadline day went on, with the deadline passing without the player joining. The former Manchester City prodigy even reportedly made the trip to Leicester City on deadline day, as well as starting his medical with the club ahead of a potential late move. But Leeds soon made it clear that Harrison remains a key part of their plans - and he could very well be part of those plans on Sunday. His FA Cup heroics against Accrington Stanley last time out means Marsch cannot leave him out. It may have been League One opposition, but there was enough quality from the number 11 to keep him in the side at Nottingham. With that said, McKennie will be left battling with the likes of Brenden Aaronson, Harrison, Sam Greenwood and, assuming he returned to training as Marsch expected, Crysencio Summerville.