King Charles has been warned that inviting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to his Coronation risks "tawdry family drama". This comes as a royal source confirmed that the Sussexes will be invited to the ceremony, with Whitehall making plans to ensure the potential reunion does not overshadow the celebrations. Tensions between Prince Harry and the rest of his family have risen dramatically after allegations made in his autobiography Spare. However columnist and author Allison Pearson has claimed this goes against the wishes of the British people, as Prince William is also supposedly concerned with his brother turning his appearance into a "stunt". Ms Pearson wrote: "Is that really what our King wants at his Coronation? I bet it’s not what a smarting Prince and Princess of Wales want. (William is said, with justification, to be concerned his brother will pull some "stunt".) "It’s certainly not what the British people want. In fact, there is a real worry that we will think a lot less of our new monarch should he be seen to capitulate to an ungrateful couple who have insulted both our country and the institution Charles now embodies. "By all means invite Harry and Meghan to a private celebration, but don’t allow them to turn a solemn occasion into a tawdry family drama. Sacred anointing with holy oil or a bar of daytime soap? The King must choose, and choose wisely."  A source at Whitehall told Express.co.uk: "They’re [Harry and Meghan] on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." Officials are said to want to reduce the chances of Harry and William being pictured together, with the seating arrangement in Westminster Abbey reportedly keeping them apart. The final guest list is still being confirmed, with invites to go in the next few weeks. READ MORE: William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source The Palace is working alongside the Government to determine who will receive an invite, with around 2,250 people expected to attend the ceremony on May 6 at Westminster Abbey. Harry and Meghan will have just a few weeks to respond, as RSVPs are understood to be wanted by the beginning of April. The date also clashes with their eldest child Archie's fourth birthday, leading some to speculate that Meghan will remain home in California while Harry travels to the UK for the weekend. DON'T MISS:Camilla forced to pull out of visit due to 'seasonal illness' – Palace [LATEST]Harry and Meghan risk turning Coronation into 'Netflix series' [SPOTLIGHT]Royal Family 'spitting feathers' over Harry's memoir claims – source [REVEAL] Royal commentator Afua Hagan is convinced that Harry will attend the Coronation as he has made clear his hopes for a reconciliation with his family. She said: "Attending the Coronation is the first step on the road to reconciliation." Inspiration for how to handle Harry and Meghan's possible attendance may be taken from the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last year. During the service at St Paul's Cathedral last June the Sussexes arrived separately in a private car and sat on the opposite side of the aisle to William and Kate.