Lionel Messi has responded to a touching message from Rafael Nadal after the pair were nominated for the Laureus Sportsman of the Year award. Nadal urged fans to vote for Messi in a move that the World Cup winner has admitted leaves him ‘speechless’. Both world-class athletes have been nominated for the prestigious gong, which rewards the sportsman who demonstrates supreme athletic performance and achievement. Messi won it for the first time in 2020, while Nadal has won it twice. But the tennis icon has urged fans to vote for Messi, claiming that the Paris Saint-Germain star ‘deserves’ to be recognised for his achievements. Messi won the World Cup with Argentina for the first time in December and has enjoyed a successful year with PSG. Nadal wrote on Instagram: “An honour to be nominated again to the Laureus Sportsman of the Year… but… this year… Let’s go @LeoMessi you deserve it.” JUST IN: Henry delivers Klopp sack verdict with Liverpool at 'end of an era' In an emotional response, Messi has now said that he has been left ‘speechless’ by Nadal’s gesture. He added that ‘everyone deserves’ the Laureus award this year. “For an athlete of your size to say this about me leaves me speechless. Thank you very much….you also deserve everything for the way you compete every time you go out on the court,” Messi wrote. "You're a winner, we still have a lot of competition out there, right? Everyone deserves the Laureus this year!” Messi and Nadal are among the favourites to win the award. Kylian Mbappe, Max Verstappen, Steph Curry and Armand Dupkantis have also been nominated, meaning Messi and Nadal face strong competition. The World Cup had evaded Messi during his otherwise trophy-laden career. But the 35-year-old finally lifted football’s most coveted prize at the end of 2022. DON'T MISS...Chelsea chief Todd Boehly could sting rivals twice if Mourinho returnsLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp left with egg on face for Real commentsMan Utd takeover LIVE - Qatar face transfer blow, Ten Hag meeting Messi scored seven times in Qatar and proved a key player for the South Americans, despite his age. The former Barcelona striker has also enjoyed a far better campaign with PSG after an underwhelming first season in Paris. Scoring 16 times and assisting a further 14 goals, Messi is hoping to win a second-consecutive Ligue 1 title. He scored a stunning 95th-minute free kick to clinch a last-gasp 4-3 win over Lille on Sunday. However, there remains doubt over Messi’s future with the Parisians. The seven-times Ballon d’Or winner has a contract which expires in June. PSG are desperate to tie him down to another 12 months. Inter Miami - who are owned by David Beckham and coached by Phil Neville - have been suggested as a possible destination. A return to Barcelona has reportedly not been ruled out either.