Manchester United beat Barcelona 2-1 in the Europa League on Thursday night to boost their chances of a successful season under Erik ten Hag. However, that could have come at a massive cost with Marcus Rashford now an injury concern ahead of Sunday’s Carabao Cup final showdown with Newcastle. The England international limped out of proceedings in the dying stages and it’ll be fascinating to see if he’s able to take part in the blockbuster clash at Wembley over the weekend. Rashford has taken to Instagram to share an image of himself limping out of the game with Barcelona, along with a bandage emoji. And footage has also surfaced online showing the 25-year-old limping as he made his way towards the team bus following the contest. United will be hoping the England international is able to play, with Rashford netting a stunning 24 goals across all competitions so far this term. But it appears there’s a very real prospect of Ten Hag being forced to cope without his talisman on Sunday afternoon. Express Sport will now take a look at United’s options if Rashford isn’t able to play. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players In recent times, Jadon Sancho has been used in three different positions by United. He was deployed as a No 10 against Barcelona on Thursday night, with the Red Devils repeating that experiment days previously against Leicester. Sancho then switched to the left, while he was used on the right during the first leg at the Nou Camp last week. However, it’s feasible Ten Hag will opt to deploy the 22-year-old at the tip of his attack against Newcastle if Rashford misses out. Sancho has played down the middle before at Borussia Dortmund and his potency would give Newcastle some issues on the day. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Bruno Fernandes is another player who has been used in a different way in recent times. Though a No 10 by trade, the Portugal international has been shunted out wide for the recent victories over Barcelona and Leicester. Fernandes was trialled as a false nine by Ten Hag earlier in his reign, while Ralf Rangnick also used the 28-year-old there during his time in the dugout. The former Sporting Lisbon star, if used up top, would then be able to drop deep and provide service for whichever wide player starts. However, it would be a risk given just how vital Fernandes is to this team. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Wout Weghorst was poor for United against Barcelona on Thursday night. The Netherlands international cut a toothless and insipid figure up top and his withdrawal at half time sparked a drastic improvement from the Red Devils. However, United may not have much of a choice other than to play the striker. Weghorst has netted just once for the club since joining from Burnley on loan back in the January transfer window. Yet starting him against Newcastle would give him the perfect chance to make amends for his dire display against Barcelona. Using Antony as a striker would be another risk but the United star has played there before at Ajax. The best replacement for Rashford, however, would likely be Anthony Martial. The France international has been plagued by injuries this term but, when he’s fully fit and firing, has been a key player for Ten Hag. Scott McTominay played as a striker during his academy days. But the Scotland international is more of a midfield specialist and it would be a sizeable gamble to play him out of position.