Britons are being encouraged to check their eligibility for Marriage Allowance, as it could save them hundreds of pounds a year. People who earn less than £12,570 a year can transfer up to £1,260 of their Personal Allowance to their higher-earning partner under the scheme. This will reduce the amount of tax the higher earner pays, meaning the couple is better off as a result. Couples may be able to benefit from Marriage Allowance if they meet certain criteria. This is laid out as: Unfortunately, cohabiting couples cannot apply as the rules state a couple must be married or in a civil partnership. READ MORE: Britons with less than £16K savings may be entitled to hundreds But Marriage Allowance may not only have benefits for the current year and beyond. Couples can backdate their claim to include any tax year up to April 6, 2018, with HMRC stating this could be worth up to £1,242 in tax relief. More than 2.1 million couples are currently benefiting from Marriage Allowance, providing a valuable tax break. However, HMRC believes thousands more could be missing out on the boost. DON'T MISSChip offers 'excellent' interest rate on easy access savings account [INSIGHT]Pension tax changes could 'leave more facing poverty' in retirement [LATEST]Expert shares tips for homeowners fixing mortgage rates [UPDATE] This is as many people do not know they are eligible, particularly couples where one parter has retired, or is unable to work due to a long-term health condition, for example. Angela MacDonald, HMRC’s Deputy Chief Executive and Second Permanent Secretary, said: “We want every eligible couple to benefit from marriage allowance tax relief. “Couples whose circumstances have changed – perhaps one of them has stopped working or taken a lower paid job – may not realise they are entitled to claim. “It’s easy to find out what you may be due - search ‘Marriage Allowance calculator’ on GOV.UK to get started. READ MORE: DWP urges state pensioners to check whether they could get £92 a week “By applying on GOV.UK, rather than through a third party, you get to keep 100 percent of the tax relief due.” As Ms MacDonald identifies, a direct claim through the Government website is the only way to ensure Britons get all of the money they are due. Other organisations offer a Marriage Allowance tax claim, however, they are likely to take a cut of the money a person would otherwise receive. However, if circumstances change, a couple will need to cancel their Marriage Allowance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For example: If a relationship ends, then either one of the couple can cancel the Marriage Allowance claim. But if the cancellation is for another reason, the person who made the claim is required to cancel. This can be done online via the Government Gateway, or by phone.