A Place in the Sun star Jasmine Harman, 47, had published a cryptic message about the difficult time she was having, and though she didn't elaborate on specifics, fans were quick to message their support. Now, in a new update, she has suggested her followers' messages have given her the strength to understand that she had to "learn to live with" the issues that have been playing on her mind. Taking to Instagram Stories last night after an intense shift at work, she exclaimed: "I just want to pop on here and say an absolutely huge thank you to everyone who messaged me a couple of weeks ago when I was having such a downer of a week. "There were so many people who messaged, which I really, really genuinely appreciated. It really meant a lot to me." She continued reassuringly in view of 123,000 followers: "Just to say that everything's okay - getting there!" The TV host added: "Some things ease with time and some things you just have to learn to live with. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post "Sometimes you just have to learn to be a really good support to the people that you love - but just wanted to say a very big thank you." She had initially prompted concerns with the candid admission that she was having an "absolute downer" of a week after receiving "tremendously sad" news four times in a row. Writing of her appreciation for husband Jon Boast on that occasion, she spoke of her gratitude that he was "by my side to [help me] get through some of the more upsetting stuff." She added: "Thank you for always being there for me and being my rock."  The pair tied the knot 14 years ago and their marriage is still going strong to this day. They share two children - a son, Albion, and a daughter called Joy. Yesterday, Jasmine was speaking of her woes from Nerja, a seaside resort along the Spanish Costa del Sol. She'd been visiting an interior design studio catering to those wanting to "design, renovate and build" a holiday home there. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] The brand, Andalu Living, has just published an Instagram post giving a psychological insight into how people can use colour to heal their mood and emotions. It suggested followers keep this in mind when considering decorating a new place. While it seemed that Jasmine had a bad case of the blues, she has firmly reassured fans that she is on the road to recovery. The TV star also expressed her support recently for former colleague Jonnie Irwin, who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer. He revealed recently that the disease has rapidly spread to his brain, but that he continues to receive treatment. Late last year, Jasmine was among TV colleagues who reached out publicly, stating: "Sending lots of love and support to my great friend and original partner in crime!" Meanwhile, she has also been bonding with Instagrammers over her current location, which sent some into rapturous praise. @david_routledge_ declared Nerja his "favourite place in the universe", where he has been spending time for the last 25 years. "Being ex military I've visited hundreds of countries but Nerja kept luring me back!" he exclaimed.