Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, began their overseas tour landing in the Cayman Islands last week. Today, on day six of their royal tour, the couple visited the Willie Mae Pratt Centre for Girls in Nassau, the Bahamas, and Sophie looked beautiful in a pastel pink ensemble. Sophie rewore her Valentino silk midi skirt which she combined with a white long-sleeve blouse. The Countess of Wessex looked lovely in the chic pleated skirt with floral pattern but she added a maxi belt from Mulberry to elevate her summery look. For accessories, the royal opted for the Iside mini handbag in white from Valextra and her pastel pink Padra pumps. The cute handbag has a price tag of $4,086 (£3,420) while her Valentino skirt used to retail for £1,972. READ MORE: Meghan uses ‘bold gesture’ to show world Harry is hers’ - claim Royal fans took to the social media platform Instagram to praise Sophie's look with many saying that the royal looked "stunning". Royal watcher @kaitmancini03 said the skirt was "so pretty on her" and @marinolascom agreed: "I love this skirt!" "Pink is just her colour!" opined social media user @cecebe84 and royal fan @kelly9.glenn simply said: "Another cute pick." Others opined Sophie looked "so feminine and pretty" in the outfit and @marina_mei2722 added: "Love this look."  "Very pretty outfit on Sophie. One of the best of the tour," commented @luxmeagainpreloved on social media. Instagram user @ellainthecityboston agreed saying: "Sophie looks lovely! Adore this colour on her!" Earlier this week, Sophie travelled to the Turks and Caicos Islands where she attended a Women in Leadership Tea Party.  READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert For the occasion, she wore a lovely gold and white dress from Erdem which currently retails for £1,395. The Countess also visited the Grand Cayman Agricultural Show, in the Cayman Islands, where she met the community, local farmers, and saw the livestock, displays and district stalls. For the casual event, Sophie wore the Chambray Shirred Waist Maxi Dress from Me and Em which costs £175.  Also in the Cayman Islands, Sophie attended the 100 Women in Finance Inaugural Cayman First Impressions Dinner. The royal opted for the High-neck Ruffled Stretch-Woven Blouse in Black by Me and Em which she combined with a white, embroidered skirt and a pair of heels. However, one of her best looks of the tour, and a favourite among fans, was the dress she wore to visit the YMCA Field of Dreams children's charity. Sophie opted for a white dress with a blue, gold and black pattern by Italian designer Etro.