In most cases, back-to-back cruise deals boast discounted fares due to the "doubled" length of the voyage. However, it can mean you end up spending more money on snacks and alcohol to enjoy in your cabin out of hours. Sharing their tried-and-tested tip on Reddit, a cruiser revealed the "only day" to buy alcohol so you can take it on the second "leg" of your trip. Most cruise lines allow you to carry on a bottle of wine or two, but they often forbid passengers from bringing additional beer, liquor or other alcoholic beverages on board. Duty-free alcohol can be purchased on most ships but it is usually stored by the crew and returned to passengers at the end of their cruise. To avoid being limited by this rule on longer voyages, an experienced guest shared the crafty tip that they always use. Writing on the popular Reddit forum, a user who goes by the name NNespanol said: "My wife and I just completed our third back-to-back cruise, and I wanted to share a method that we have used all three times. READ MORE: The UK’s favourite historical English Heritage city is ‘fantastic’ "We make sure to stay in the same cabin for both 'legs' of our back-to-back cruise (not just for this trick but that way we can unpack and not stress outside of having to disembark momentarily for customs). "The day before the first cruise ends, we go and buy duty free alcohol on the ship." They explained that doing so means they are exempt from the storage rule because it is "the only day" cruisers can take alcohol back to their cabins. This rule even applies to people who are on a back-to-back trip, like the Reddit user. DON'T MISS...Grace Kelly’s yacht is available to hire and it costs £17,000 a night [REVEAL]Cruise guest shares 'cheaper' and 'easier' way to take excursions [INSIGHT]Carnival cruise line cracks down on guests ‘behaving badly’ [LATEST] In the post, the cruiser wrote that it is because it is "technically the last day of the current cruise". They added: "Because we are staying on, we now have a reasonably inexpensive bottle of liquor or two for early mornings or late nights where we don't want to have to run to a bar." While other cruisers pointed out that some cabins come with a stocked minibar, a Reddit user named stevenhp1987 explained that they use the hack to purchase their favourite drinks. He wrote: "Only had beers last time... I wanted wine in there! They did put some cider in at my request though. READ MORE: Top adventure holiday activities - like hiking and wildlife safaris Of course, trying this clever tip comes at a risk as it does go against the no-liquor on-board rule. For this reason, cruisers should "stay friendly with cabin stewards". One person replied to the author of the post with another clever tip. The user named JVBAss75 said: "Stewards don't go through your closet, drawers, etc... plenty of places to hide the bottle. "But - it's always a good plan to be friendly with your cabin steward (and everyone else on the ship, for that matter)." Sneaking drinks on a cruise is strictly prohibited, however, a study by Cruzely.com showed that 19 percent of passengers admitted to smuggling alcohol onto a cruise ship at least once. These are the current alcohol allowances for passengers on popular cruise lines: