Pamela Anderson, 55, has made a series of explosive claims about her highly-publicised romance with Tommy Lee. The iconic 90s couple were married for three years following an impulsive 1995 wedding in Cancun after knowing each other for just four days. Pamela spoke to Dax Shepard on the Armchair Expert podcast to discuss her wild days alongside the Mötley Crüe drummer. Recounting the night she met Tommy, Pamela said: “I’d never done [ecstasy] before. “I didn’t even know he’d put it in my drink. Don’t do this, I was saying it’s romantic because it's a once - you know… It kind of worked out.” Explaining the effect the ecstasy had on her, Pamela continued: “My skin was melting, I was drugged out. “[Tommy] goes, ‘Do you want to get married?. And I go, ‘Absolutely’,” Pamela added as hosts burst out laughing. The Baywatch star recently released a bombshell documentary and memoir which has given fans a different view into their tumultuous relationship. Pamela and Tommy’s marriage spanned three years and brought their sons, Dylan and Brandon, into the world. However, the actress has claimed their relationship took a turn in 1996 when private videos were stolen from their home and shared on the burgeoning internet. The couple divorced in 1998 but have remained close friends while raising their sons together. Pamela has since been married five more times, recently splitting from her fourth husband Dan Hayhurst and is currently single. Tommy on the other hand remained single for well over a decade before falling in love with Vine star Brittany Furlan in 2017. According to People, Tommy and Brittany met via the celebrity dating app Raya, although the rocker had been following Brittany on social media for some time before then. DON'T MISS...Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] The pair got on famously well and Tommy waited a bit longer to propose this time as they dated for almost a year before he popped the question on Valentine’s Day in 2018. The couple got married in 2019 and can often be spotted on each other’s social media pages. Pamela believed she may have irritated Brittany with her new bombshell revelations giving insights on her relationship with Tommy. Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, the actress said: “I’m sure it’s going to be annoying to his wife. I’d be annoyed.” In the documentary, Pamela revealed she never truly got over the heartbreak of splitting with Tommy and believes that’s why her other relationships have never truly worked out. "And even though I thought I could recreate a family or fall in love with somebody else, it's just not me. "So that's probably why I keep failing in all my relationships - I'd rather be alone than not be with the father of my kids.” Pamela’s Netflix documentary and tell-all memoir were both released on Tuesday and have garnered plenty of public interest.