An infamous street performer once known as "evil Elmo" after a bizarre anti-Semitic rant in New York City now dresses as Cookie Monster and terrorises locals in Santa Cruz. Police warn residents and tourists to "stay clear" of the "creepy" masked man. Adam Sandler (no relation to the Hollywood legend), 59, has been accused of spouting conspiracy theories, shouting obscenities and taunting visitors in Santa Cruz Wharf, police told SF Gate. They warned people not to "engage" with the man after receiving reports that he's been frightening people in the area.  Just one year later, he was sentenced to a year behind bars for trying to extort $2 million from the Girl Scouts - eventually moving to Santa Cruz and changing his identity to Cookie Monster. Sandler was busted again in 2014 in San Fransisco for threatening a food vendor, reportedly telling her he was going to "rip your throat out." At the time, Troy Campbell, then-executive director of the Fisherman’s Wharf Community Benefit District, said: “He goes on rants and raves and accuses people of conspiracy theories. “He frightens visitors and locals. Whatever business he’s in front of has a horrible day.”’ READ MORE: Scandal-hit police sparks 'loss of faith' with over 100 attacks a day Police have warned people to stay away from the costume-wearing individual. Santa Cruz Police Department Joyce Blaschke said: “We are getting calls from people who say he is 'creepy'.  “Based on his history, we advise the public not to engage with this individual. Steer clear from him.” According to the police force, operators had received many calls about the Cookie Monster but no arrests have been made since the man has not committed any crimes.   One person reported he's been getting in other visitors' faces. Michelle Roberts, who was visiting the wharf, told KSBW: “We saw him at the beginning of the wharf. “At first glance, it just seemed like maybe it would be fun to do a selfie with him but we were away from him and then we went to the back of the wharf by the deadlines, and that's when we saw him coming out making a commotion and getting in people's faces.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews