John Lennon first met Yoko Ono - who turns 90-years-old today, Saturday, February 18, 2023 - in 1966 when they bumped into one another at a gallery in London, England. Throughout the following two years, The Beatles star spent more and more time with the Japanese artist and became secretly infatuated with her. Eventually, their relationship became romantic, and it all came to a head when Lennon invited her to his house while his wife, Cynthia Lennon, was on holiday. Cynthia married John in 1962 after being together since their teenage years, and she was by his side while The Beatles exploded in popularity and became the biggest band on the planet. They also had a son together, Julian Lennon, who was born on April 8, 1963. He was named in honour of John's mother, Julia, who was killed in a hit-and-run five years prior in 1958. But once Yoko entered the scene in 1966, John's focus shifted to this mysterious new entity in his life. The Imagine singer began spending more and more time with the woman, who was seven years his senior. Meanwhile, Cynthia began to grow suspicious when Yoko started calling their house at all hours of the day to talk to John. When pressed about what Yoko wanted, John told Cynthia she was simply looking for donations for her "avant-garde bulls**t" art. Two years after John met Yoko, in May 1968, Cynthia wanted to go on holiday. John told her to go ahead without him. Once she left the country, John invited Yoko to his house. Under the cover of night, John and Yoko made music together in his home. They recorded what would later become his Two Virgins album, which was released on November 11, 1968. John later confirmed they "made love at dawn" after staying up all night writing songs. Cynthia returned the following morning. She walked into her home to find Yoko wearing her bathrobe and drinking tea with John on the sofa. Surprised at her arrival, he simply exclaimed: "Oh, hi." Cynthia later recalled the events in her own words, revealing she first met Yoko that fateful morning when she learned of John's infidelity. DON'T MISS...John Lennon's mistress was hand-picked by Yoko Ono during separation [INFO]John Lennon defended Yoko Ono after The Beatles turned on her [INSIGHT]John Lennon knew The Beatles would break up after Epstein tragedy [NEWS] Cynthia said: "I met her actually when I came home from a holiday. But I had seen her before; I mean I met her physically, you could say." Remembering that shocking morning, she added: "She had been staying with John that night, and I came home and they were there, which was sort of curtains for our marriage, as far as all of us were concerned, really." Cynthia went on to confess she had a "feminine intuition" about John's relationship with Yoko. Despite this, Cynthia added, she knew she could not do anything to stop it from happening. Cynthia said: "You know that something's going to happen, and only you know that something like that is going to happen, because of your sensitivity and your knowledge of the person that you've been living with for ten years. You know exactly what's going to happen." "As far as Yoko is concerned," she added. "I knew there was not a thing I could do about it, any more than there was anything I could do about John taking drugs at the time. There was no way I could've stopped him." John and Cynthia divorced later that year in 1968. A year later (1969), he married Yoko. They remained together until he was murdered in 1980. SOURCE