Kaylee Goncalves’ family could be witnesses against her suspected killer in the Idaho murder trials. Bryan Kohberger, 28, faces four first-degree murder charges for the deaths of University of Idaho students Madison Mogen, 21; Kaylee, 21; Xana Kernodle, 20; and Ethan Chapin, 20. The four were found murdered in the women's off-campus home in Moscow, Idaho on November 13, 2022. Now, a court filing says Kaylee’s family could be called upon to be witnesses in Kohberger’s trial. "The members of the Goncalves family, who are represented by Mr Shanon Gray, are potential witnesses in this case, including at trial and/or sentencing," wrote Latah County Prosecutor Bill Thompson in a short affidavit filed Wednesday. Kaylee’s family have recently defended surviving roommate Dylan Mortensen after she failed to call the police despite seeing the alleged murderer. Gray said Dylan was likely “scared to death” when she encountered the man, and insisted that she was “still a victim in this case”.  It comes as Gray also fights a gag order imposed by Judge Megan Marshall limiting what attorneys can say to the press. He argued in an appeal that the decision violated their first amendment rights and deemed it "vague”. "As attorney for the victim's families, I am allowed to relay to the media any of the opinions, views, or statements of those family members regarding any part of the case," he said in the filing obtained by local Fox News affiliate Fox 11. Bryan is being held under no bail in the Latah County Jail in Moscow, Idaho. READ MORE: Canada's Trudeau orders US plane to shoot down 'unidentified object' The murder suspect was arrested at his parent's home in Scranton, Pennsylvania, in December after police investigated the killings for over a month. His next court date is set for June 26, when he faces four counts of first-degree murder and a felony burglary charge. He has maintained he is "eager to be exonerated" and refused to oppose a motion to extradite him from Pennsylvania back to Idaho after his arrest. Meanwhile, it emerged Kohberger faced disciplinary action in his teaching assistant job at Washington State University around the time of the murders of four University of Idaho students. After starting his job as a teaching assistant in August as part of his graduate program, within a month he was under investigation by the university because of “behavioural problems” and a “sexist attitude towards women”. NewsNation reported he was warned multiple times about his behaviour and was brought into several meetings with professors, including one 11 days before the murders took place. Kohberger was ultimately fired from the position on December 19, and he was then arrested on December 30. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews