SNP MP David Linden also called for the benefits cap to be increased, allowing struggling Britons to get more Government support. He pointed to child poverty figures in claiming the £25 uplift is needed. A £20 a week uplift was brought in during the coronavirus pandemic for claimants of Universal Credit. Mr Linden said this should be restored but at a higher level of £25 a week, and should be extended to those on legacy benefits. He shared figures from the Child Poverty Action Group, which showed that prior to the pandemic, there were 700,000 more children living in poverty than at the beginning of 2010. Mr Linden told his fellow MPs: “Rising child poverty coupled with a cost of living crisis demands radical action from a British Government who must do more - so much more - to end the scourge of child poverty. READ MORE: Thousands to get £50 payment towards heating bills over coming weeks “Instead of keeping additional pressures on low-income families, ministers need to urgently address the fundamental issues with Universal Credit (UC). “A recent report by the Commissioner for Human Rights at the Council of Europe found that the level of support provided under UC was ‘a key contributing factor to child poverty’. “The report stated that policies like ‘the two-child limit and the benefit cap restrict the amount of benefits that households can receive, regardless of their specific needs, and thereby continue to exacerbate child poverty’. “Therefore, my party stands by its calls to the British Government to reinstate the uplift to UC, and indeed to increase it by £25 a week, and to extend it to means-tested legacy benefits, as well as to extend the benefit cap.”  Conservative MP Dr Luke Evans asked if the SNP had calculated how much it would cost the taxpayer to have a £25 weekly uplift. Mr Linden said in reply: “They [UK Government] had nothing to say on food banks or child poverty, but when it comes to money, they are excited.” In closing the debate, minister for Employment, Guy Opperman, said: “The reality of the situation is that the Government are doing a huge amount for the vulnerable, and are increasing support through the draft Guaranteed Minimum Pensions Increase Order 2023, the draft Social Security Benefits Up-rating Order 2023, the Energy Price Guarantee and the draft Benefit Cap (Annual Limit) (Amendment) Regulations 2023.” Universal Credit payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April along with many other benefits. READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw The Energy Price Guarantee caps the unit price of energy that consumers pay, with average annual bills currently at around £2,500 a year in Great Britain, and £1,950 in Northern Ireland. The guarantee is increasing in April, with the £2,500 a year figure going up to £3,000, increasing the squeeze on Britons’ pockets. The policy will last for another year from April with the policy expected to save £500 for the average household in Great Britain. All households in England, Scotland and Wales are also getting a £400 energy bills discount, being paid in six instalments, from October 2022 to March 2023. The same amount is going out to all households in Northern Ireland but is being paid as part of a larger £600 payment, which has gone out to residents in recent weeks. For those on prepayment meters, they should have received a voucher in the post for the £600, which can be redeemed at the Post Office. People on means-tested benefits are to receive a £900 cost of living payment over the coming fiscal year with the first instalment to be paid in the spring. Those on Universal Credit will be eligible for the payment as well as many people on legacy benefits.