Roma boss Jose Mourinho was given a bitter taste of his own medicine after Red Bull Salzburg notched a late winner in their Europa League knockout round play-off on Thursday night. After a frustrating evening, Mourinho was left to digest a first-leg defeat and an all too familiar celebration from opposition manager Matthias Jaissle. The Giallorossi dropped into the knockout round play-offs after finishing second in Europa League Group C, a full six points behind runaway leaders Real Betis. Salzburg, meanwhile, came into the tie after failing to make it through their Champions League group. Mourinho has positioned Roma in amongst the chasing Serie A pack this season, with Napoli away and clear in their quest for the title. Things aren't working out so well in Europe, however, and his side were dealt a setback on Thursday evening. Salzburg enjoyed more possession and dispatched more shots as they hosted the first of their two-legged affair, but the cherry on top of their performance came in the 88th minute, when Nicolas Capaldo confidently headed home the winner. READ MORE: Football news LIVE - Arsenal bust-up, Mbappe's 'Man Utd' message With shades of Mourinho himself haring down the touchline at Old Trafford during Porto's aggregate win over Manchester United in 2004, Jaissle sprinted out of his technical area to join in with the raucous celebrations. Mourinho will have the perfect opportunity to exact revenge, however, with the reverse fixture scheduled to kick off at Stadio Olimpico next week. Roma were warned by Jaissle himself that Salzburg were well prepared for the fixture, with a spot in the Europa League knockouts at stake. DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'face relegation' amid probe into alleged referee paymentMan Utd sent painful Frenkie de Jong reminder as Xavi twists knifeArsenal one step ahead of rivals after 'holding talks' for Vitor Roque "We must brace ourselves and be careful," he told reporters on Wednesday. "It has to be a perfect game for us, and in order to do it we must defend well and make the best of the opportunities that Roma will give us. We are preparing the boys in the best possible way for tomorrow night. We want to surprise the opponents and show a motivated, courageous attitude over the two legs." Mourinho was seen sulking in his seat while Jaissle raced down the touchline like a coiled spring to congratulate his team. The Portuguese's night was made even worse by a Paulo Dybala injury scare as the in-form forward was withdrawn at half-time.  Dybala has been one of Roma's key men this term, notching 14 goal contributions in 16 league games to spark speculation on where his future could lie. The Argentina international is contracted to the Italian giants until 2025, but foreign sides may activate a modest £10.7million release clause in the summer. It remains to be seen whether the 29-year-old will sign renewed terms to continue working under Mourinho. The manager's former club, Man Utd, are among those rumoured to be weighing up a summer swoop for the Roma star.