Hundreds of High Street bank branches will close in 2023, as Lloyds, Barclays and Nationwide have all announced closures over the next 12 months. HSBC and NatWest plan to close the most branches in 2023 with HSBC set to close 114 branches and NatWest 43. It will mean thousands of people will have to find another branch to do their banking - here's the full list of February closures.    Some 257 bank branches are set to close their doors this year according to data from LINK, the UK's largest cash machine network. While banks say it's down to more people using online banking, the move will affect the most vulnerale in society in particular pensioners Out of these 2023 closures, 19 are due to shut down in February in various locations across the UK. HSBC has the most planned branch closures in 2023 but isn't closing any in February, while NatWest is closing 18 this month and Nationwide is shutting one branch on Portman Square, London on February 23. READ MORE: You could claim PIP for common circulation problem - check now   The news comes as a study into branch closures has found face-to-face banking is no longer possible for over a quarter of the UK population. Visiting a local branch is not an option for 18.7 million people according to a survey into the impact of branch closures for the Daily Express’ Save Our High Street Bank campaign. A staggering 5,391 bank and building society branches closed their doors between January 2015 and January 2023, working out at 54 a month. The Daily Express is crusading to save Britain’s high street banks from extinction after experts warned all branches will be shut within four years. DON'T MISSInheritance tax warning as Britons fail to plan for 40% bill [WARNING]UK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tip helps retired pensioner increase savings by £5,000 [ALERT]  Lord Foulkes, the co-chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Age and Older People, said “urgent action” is needed to stop banks from becoming extinct from the high street. However, a NatWest spokesperson said: “As with many industries, most of our customers are shifting to mobile and online banking, because it’s faster and easier for people to manage their financial lives. “We understand and recognise that digital solutions aren’t right for everyone or every situation, and that when we close branches we have to make sure that no one is left behind. “We take our responsibility seriously to support the people who face challenges in moving online, so we are investing to provide them with support and alternatives that work for them.”   NatWest customers can access certain services from any of the Post Office's 11,400 branches. Britons are encouraged to use the Post Office's branch finder tool to locate their nearest. Services available include the following cashing/cheque deposits, check balances and withdrawing money. NatWest has a dedicated support line open from 8am to 8pm seven days a week to help with any banking queries, which people can call on 0800 051 4176. 