New intelligence provided a significant breakthrough into the origin of the Covid-19 pandemic which the US Energy Department has concluded most likely arose from a laboratory leak, according to the Wall Street Journal. A classified intelligence report given to the White House and senior members of Congress said the 2020 pandemic most likely spread following a leak at a Chinese laboratory. The Federal Bureau of Investigation previously concluded that the virus was likely a result of a lab leak in 2021.  Four other agencies within the intelligence community and the national intelligence panel still claim the virus spread via natural transmission. It comes after House Republicans kicked off an investigation into the origins of Covid-19 by requesting documents and testimony for current and former Biden administration officials. The Republican chairmen of the House Oversight Committee and the Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic hab been seeking information, including from Dr. Anthony Fauci, concerning the idea that the coronavirus leaked accidentally from a Chinese lab. “This investigation must begin with where and how this virus came about so that we can attempt to predict, prepare or prevent it from happening again,” Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Ohio, chair of the virus subcommittee, said in a statement on Monday. READ MORE: Family save home from blaze after squatters cause 'major' fire Rep. James Comer, R-Ky., chairman of the oversight committee, said Republicans will “follow the facts” and "hold US government officials that took part in any sort of cover-up accountable.” The letters to Fauci, National Intelligence Director Avril Haines, Health Secretary Xavier Beccera and others are the latest effort by the new Republican majority to make good on promises made during the 2022 midterms campaign. Wenstrup, who is also a longtime member of the House Intelligence Committee, has accused US.intelligence of withholding key facts about its investigation into the coronavirus. Republicans on the committee last year issued a staff report arguing that there are “indications” that the virus may have been developed as a bioweapon inside the China's Wuhan Institute of Virology. That would contradict a US intelligence community assessment released in unclassified form in August 2021 that said analysts do not believe the virus was a bioweapon, though it may have leaked in a lab accident. The letters sent Monday do not require the cooperation of recipients. But in announcing the Republican staff report in December, Wenstrup said that lawmakers would issue subpoenas if potential witnesses didn't cooperate. It is extremely difficult for scientists to establish definitively how diseases emerge, but studies by experts around the world have determined that COVID-19 most likely emerged from a live animal market in Wuhan, China. DON'T MISS Worker, 43, dies pinned underneath 5-tonne concrete slab [INSIGHT]My brother's vegan girlfriend felt discriminated against at my dinner [ANALYSIS]Biden claims document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Trump [VIDEO] Initially dismissed by most public health experts and government officials, the hypothesis that COVID-19 originated from an accidental lab leak began to receive scrutiny after President Joe Biden ordered an investigation into the matter in May 2021. The 90-day review was meant to push American intelligence agencies to collect more information and review what they already had. Former State Department officials under President Donald Trump had publicly pushed for further investigation into virus origins, as had scientists and the World Health Organization. But the review proved to be inconclusive, with intelligence agencies saying that barring an unforeseen breakthrough, they wouldn't be able to conclude the origin either way. Many scientists, including Fauci, who until December served as Biden’s chief medical adviser, say they still believe the virus most likely emerged in nature and jumped from animals to humans, a well-documented phenomenon known as a spillover event. Virus researchers have not publicly identified any key new scientific evidence that might make the lab-leak hypothesis more likely. But Republicans have accused Fauci of lying to Congress when he denied in May that the National Institutes of Health funded “gain of function” research — the practice of enhancing a virus in a lab to study its potential impact in the real world — at a virology lab in Wuhan. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, even urged Attorney General Merrick Garland to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Fauci’s statements. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews