Denise Welch previously insisted that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were "bullied out of the Royal Family" - something which her Loose Women co-stars haven't necessarily seen eye-to-eye with her about - but says that their "vocal discussions" on set do not constitute a feud. The 64-year-old is adamant that she will "thoroughly enjoy" her return to the show, even if sparks fly over political differences. "We are such a happy band and we are incredibly supportive of each other," she insisted in a recent podcast. "Every single day I look at the online threads and see [headlines like] 'Loose Women are rocked in chaos because Denise disagrees with Kaye' or 'Loose Women feuding again'." She added: "I seem to be at the heart of a lot of it but we're not feuding. "Okay, we have some quite vocal discussions on set because we're all older - most of us - and we're passionate about things that we believe in, obviously." READ NOW: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles She elaborated: "The main thing at the moment is Harry and Meghan. Those of you that know me will know that I have championed Harry and Meghan from way, way, way [back]. "I have always been hyper aware of the fact that press about Kate [Middleton] was very different to press about Meghan." Only last month, she had a passionate debate about the topic with co-star Jane Moore, who voiced her opinion that Harry's bombshell claims in his book, Spare, had been released solely to "make money". Denise vehemently disagreed and accused Jane of cutting her off mid-speech - but in spite of that, she is insistent that it is friendly banter they express on the show, where both agree to disagree. Warming to the topic on her Juicy Crack podcast, she argued that Harry was a "terribly hurt" man who had been given the confidence to speak out due to Meghan's influence. "He wants to right some wrongs and he wants to let people know that they were bullied out of the royal family and I truly believe that they absolutely were," she explained, voicing the divisive opinion that some fellow celebrities have disagreed with her on. She continued: "I believe that they were in no way going to allow Harry and Meghan to shine above William and Kate or Charles." Denise argued that despite becoming King, she felt Charles was never going to attract the "reverence" that the Queen did. Meanwhile, she sympathised with Harry: "We are hearing from a very hurt 11 or 12 year old boy who has never been able to be heard about his mother's death. DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [HEALTH] Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW] Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INSIGHT]   "He has been forced into a series of behaviours that were expected of him and he's bottled it all up - and meeting Meghan has given him the confidence to be his own man and to speak out," she insisted. She also showed solidarity for Harry's feelings about Camilla, claiming that "his father betrayed his wife with another woman" after Princess Diana's tragic death. Denise was less sure about his comments on the war and the Taliban, suggesting that they might have been "out of place and misinformed". However, she then added that she would be reserving judgment until she had read the book and seen his words "in context". Denise admitted she had become "sick of" discussing the subject on Loose Women, and felt everyone had been impacted by "Harry and Meghan fatigue". However, she claimed that Meghan, like Princess Diana, had been "treated appallingly by the Royal Family and the press", sparking off Harry's protective instincts. Although Denise's comments have been divisive, and she accidentally swore during an episode of Loose Women last month, her tough talking opinions means she remains a popular character among her fans. The Denise Welch podcast is available here.