Campaigners want a new “social care tax” to end an injustice that forces millions to sell off family assets including their homes in old age. They say Social Insurance contributions – paid by workers and retirees – would be a fair way to fix a cash crisis that has plunged so many into poverty. Subscriptions would guarantee a basic level of state-provided care with savings, ISAs or pension cash to top up for gold standard packages. Former pensions minister Baroness Altmann said: “Successive governments have failed to rise to this challenge. Fine words, official reviews and even legislation have delivered no meaningful reform. “Politicians constantly kicked the can down the road. It is easy to criticise and there are no easy answers. But this could be one of the options, a contribution from all taxpayers, to fund a basic starting level of care.” The crisis is acute but unknown to millions until it is too late. The elderly pay thousands of pounds a year towards other people’s care, as well as their own. Experts argue this should be funded nationally, not just those unlucky enough to have to rely on care homes. The welfare state is based on National Insurance contributions, yet no money is set aside for social care. It means treatment for diseases like cancer is free on the NHS but social care costs, which includes help for conditions like Alzheimer’s, are not. In England, anyone with assets over £23,250 has to pay for care, whether in a home or their own house. The scandal sees frail dementia sufferers and their families receive no help, pay eye-watering sums out of life savings and sell their homes, denying families an inheritance. To add insult to injury, they are also forced to pay towards the care bills of others with no savings. Because other taxpayers are not paying the full cost, care providers charge those who still have some life savings left hundreds of pounds a week to fill the black hole. Meanwhile, those struck down with cancer, but with vast assets, receive top-quality taxpayer-funded NHS care. The next Budget, setting out the Government’s tax and spending plans, will be unveiled by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt on March 15. Those with intimate knowledge of the sector say social care is like a “dystopian third world part of our healthcare system” and want radical solutions. These include Social Care Isa funds, which could be passed down through families without being hit by 40 percent inheritance tax, and national equity release schemes. The crisis comes as campaigners urge ministers to align social care with the NHS to create a new National Care Service – a merger of NHS health and social care – funded through central taxation. Mike Padgham, chair of the Independent Care Group, said: “The true issue with adult social care is the neglect and underfunding it has suffered from government after government for the past 30 years or more. “Some £8billion has been cut from social care budgets in the past decade alone, with the result that 1.6 million people can’t get the care they need and the sector has 165,000 staff vacancies at any one time. “We need bold reform, not more broken promises.” Yet how we pay for care remains one of the great political conundrums. There is no Government budget for adult social care in England. Publicly-funded social care is mainly financed through local councils with adult provision costing around £30billion a year. Most is spent on learning disability support for working-age adults and physical resources for older ages. The idea of Social Insurance contributions would see all taxpayers, not just workers, billed. This way people in retirement would also contribute as the cash is for life-long care. A one percent increase in income tax, National Insurance contributions and VAT would raise around £15billion a year – a sum described as “a good starting point”. This would help pay for a basic level of care in old age. Top-ups would enable those contributing to access better care homes, more hours of home help, or access to care sooner than councils can provide. Sir Andrew Dilnot, who led a review into social care funding under the coalition government and whose long-awaited reforms were delayed, described the current situation as “shameful”. They included an £86,000 cap on personal care cost contributions and an expanded means test – more generous than the existing one – which had been due to come into effect from October. Sir Andrew said: “The way the social care system is in the UK at the moment is a tragedy and we could do so much better. “The thing that makes me cross is not [the Government] hasn’t implemented my proposals, it’s we have people who are among the most vulnerable not being looked after. So, the problem is not whether they’ve delivered my proposals or anybody else’s proposals, they haven’t done anything. “We’re not looking after either the people who need the care or the people who are delivering it properly and we should be ashamed of ourselves.” Around 80 percent of care homes are privately run with councils paying for some residents, but not others. And local authorities refuse to pay the full cost of care. Most will be privately funded occupants, but some who have worked hard and saved all their lives are forced to flog the family silver. This means they effectively subsidise those who are council-funded, but in the same home, leaving them unable to pass property to loved ones. Campaigners argue aligning social care with the NHS would put an end to the litany of “astonishing injustices” and create parity between those receiving healthcare, delivered free at the point of need but paid for through taxation, and social care, paid by many from life savings. Baroness Altmann, who supports the Daily Express’s Respect for the Elderly Crusade, added: “Social care needs parity of esteem with the NHS. “The older generations deserve nothing less. It is the biggest failure of social policy in modern times.” Forecasts show the number of people aged 85 and over in Britain is expected to double to 3.1 million by 2045 (4.3 percent of the population). The Department of Health and Social Care said: “We prioritised social care in the Autumn Statement making up to £7.5 billion [available] over the next two years – the biggest funding increase in history. “The Government remains committed to delivering adult social care charging reform and supporting those who need it, which is why we are giving local authorities additional time to prepare and providing funding to help with immediate pressures.”