A U-haul truck was driven onto the sidewalk in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn near 5th Avenue and Bay Ridge Parkway. Several people, including three men on a moped, were injured in the crash. The driver is believed to have caused the incident in an attempt to flee a car check.  He fled the scene but was later taken into custody after a chase into the Red Hook area of the neighbourhood. Multiple pedestrians were stuck at three different locations in the Bay Ridge area of Brooklyn. Local reports suggest at least eight people were struck by the truck after the driver kicked off his escape. One man in his 30s was hit on 4th Avenue and was later taken to Lutheran Hospital in critical condition. Another person was also driven to hospital. Reports claim the suspect told officers to "shoot me, I'm not stopping" as he said he "wanted to die." JUST IN: Xi Jinping shoots himself in the foot as Chinese spy balloon 'proves US warnings  The NYPD bomb squad was also deployed to the location of the accident to check the nature of a device inside the truck. Officers were reportedly urged to stay away from the truck while experts reviewed "possible devices inside". NYS Senate member Andrew Gounardes said the motives or cause of the incident are "unknown" at the moment.  READ MORE: Top US Air Force official not ruling out aliens after four flying objects shot down "The suspect was apprehended by NYPD in the 72nd precinct; he remains in custody. The motive or cause is unknown at this time. I’ll share more as I have it." New York City Councilmember Justin Brannan said: "A man driving a U-Haul went on a rampage in Bay Ridge. He was just apprehended in Sunset Park. "Several people were hit and badly injured. We have no idea of motives at this time but this wasn't an accident. "Thank you to @NYPD72Pct @NYPD68Pct. I will share more info when I can." Brannan added: "Suspect was actually arrested near the BK Battery Tunnel. We think he hit at least 6 people with the truck and 2 are in very bad shape. PLEASE pray for these folks." NYC Council candidate Avery Pereira said: "Several people have been seriously injured by this maniac. He began his rampage in Bay Ridge moved through Sunset Park before being arrested. READ MORE:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] "We don’t have a lot of info yet but let’s keep the victims and their families in our thoughts and prayers." Former NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce said the day of the incident coincided with the start of the death penalty phase of Sayfull Saipov case. In 2017, Saipov intentionally drove a truck at high speed along a path along the Hudson River. Eight people died during the attack. He told ABC: "It's the first thing I thought. "I worked the Sayfull Saipov case I remember how dangerous it was and what he did and how deadly it was. That was the first thing that came to mind when I heard about the rented truck. "So let's hope it's not that and it's a person in mental distress at this point and it's nothing more than that. It's difficult to link the two right now but how can you not think about that?" Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews