Call the Midwife returns to BBC One this weekend and Nonnatus House is hit by a dangerous outbreak. Nurse Crane (played by Linda Bassett) cannot help but express her concern as it directly impacts residents. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether Linda is married in real life. In the upcoming episode of Call the Midwife, Trixie Franklin (Helen George) and Matthew Aylward's (Olly Rix) wedding is on everyone's minds. A bonny baby competition also brings the community together, but it is not all good news. Nurse Crane and the team learn about a pregnant woman and her family living in a cramped caravan. Meanwhile, a worrying disease outbreak leaves the nurse feeling on edge. Nurse Crane actress Linda lives in Kent, in a village close to where she was born. READ MORE: Call the Midwife's Violet star opens up on troublesome habit She was married to her husband Julian Foster for a decade before they divorced. The pair has not discussed the circumstances surrounding their breakup. Julian is a well-known journalist and while Linda was busy filming Call the Midwife, Julian lived with her in London. Regarding Linda's other family, she had a nephew, Dominic, who was killed by a drug-driver when he was 41. Dominic, who was a university lecturer, was on his motorbike when he was killed back in 2018. He was also a father-of-one and he suffered a severe traumatic brain injury with neck and spine injuries after the incident. His family made the heart-breaking decision to switch off his life support 10 days later. Linda said her nephew and his wife "were full of plans for the future" when she attended court. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife fans demand return of 'wholesome' characterCall The Midwife star admits 'more problems to come' Call The Midwife fans predict Trixie Franklin childhood trauma story She said he was "full of anticipation for their first Christmas in their new house". "He went on his bike because the train journey was longer and he wanted to be home each night in time for Harvey's bath," she added. According to latestinbollywood.com, Linda has two children of her own. The Call the Midwife star's character has been through a lot this season as she feared she would lose her job. She was called before the Board of Health after they discovered she was working past retirement age. Having missed out on some of her training sessions, they warned her she was not up to date with her training. Yet in the end after a passionate speech from her colleagues and friends, she was able to keep her job. Thankfully she has no plans of retiring any time soon and the series is set to continue until at least 2024.  Call the Midwife airs on Sundays on BBC One at 8pm.