Free NHS prescription age could rise to 66, meaning millions of people could be left waiting longer for the freebie benefit. If the suggestion goes ahead, free NHS prescription age could rise to 66 in England, meaning millions of people could be left waiting longer for the freebie benefit. Currently over 60s benefit from free prescriptions, but if this changes, people living in England will have to wait at least six years longer to get the benefit. However, as the cost of living crisis continues, Britons are urged to find out if they qualify for any benefits which could help cut costs. People in England who are not exempt from prescription charges will have to pay the £9.35 per item fee - but there are already 15 groups who do not have to meet the charge. Some groups are automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions and others can apply for certificates that entitle them to this. Someone’s age is an important factor in determining whether people are entitled to this freebie benefit. READ MORE: New £400 cost of living cash payment begins in April - who can claim? Additionally, people can get free NHS prescriptions if they have a valid HC2 certificate. These certificates are issued to people who qualify for full help with health costs through the NHS Low Income Scheme. People with health conditions like epilepsy and cancer will be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post but it's worth checking the full list of exemptions on the NHS website. If a person has a valid NHS tax credits exemption certificate they may be eligible for a free prescription. READ MORE: Dragons' Den pitch labelled 'not big enough' becomes 'most successful' business worth £30m  This can be gained by those who receive Working Tax Credit with a disability element, or Child Tax Credit, and have income for tax purposes of £15,276 or less. Britons who are pregnant or have had a baby in the last 12 months are only entitled to free NHS prescriptions if they have a valid maternity exemption certificate. Claimants should qualify if they: For more information on who can qualify for free prescriptions, people can visit the NHS website.