A killer who was nicknamed the Midlands Ripper has been found guilty of “violently" sexually abusing a young boy in the years before his fatal attacks. Alun Kyte lured the child, who was then aged just nine, to his home with the promise of toys before punching, choking, kicking and taunting the boy in a five-year campaign of abuse.   The abuse started in the late 1980s and Kyte raped his victim on at least two occasions.   At a trial at Nottingham Crown Court, jurors heard how Kyte gave the boy 50p after the first assault and threatened his family after each attack.   Giving evidence, the victim recalled how he was at times strangled until he fell unconscious.   He said he was so scared that Kyte would harm his family that he decided, aged just 10, to allow the abuse to continue and "get it over and done with".     Kyte, 58, is currently serving life sentences for the murders of 20-year-old Samo Paull and 30-year-old Tracey Turner, two sex workers, in 1993 and 1994 respectively.   He was also given a seven-year sentence for a rape committed in 1997.   The jury took around four hours yesterday to unanimously find Kyte guilty of four counts of indecency with a child, three of attempting to choke, two of indecent assault on a male, and two of buggery.   Judge Nirmal Shant KC told Kyte that he will be sentenced on February 24.   READ MORE: Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation'   Though Kyte was only convicted for two murders in 2000, Leicestershire Live reports that police were investigating links to potentially dozens more deaths and disappearances from the 1980s and 90s. Speaking after Kyte was jailed for the murders, Leicestershire Assistant Chief Constable David Colman said: "Alun Kyte is an evil man who has travelled the length and breadth of Great Britain committing crimes. "I do not believe that we have uncovered the full extent of his criminality and, in particular, there is every reason to believe he may have been responsible for other serious attacks on women."  DON'T MISSShamima Begum case could be decided in ECHR as lawyer slams UK [ANALYSIS]People 'afraid' and 'all frowning' in England's 'worst place to live' [REVEALED]School where teen was beaten before suicide is plagued by bullying [REPORT]  And Cheish Merryweather, founder of the Crime Viral true crime community, told CoventryLive: "Alun Kyte was handed two life sentences, but it is believed that it's more likely he has more victims than the actual Yorkshire Ripper, but he was never convicted of more.   "But it takes years for data to catch up with itself, and sometimes it's not realised a serial murderer is on the loose for 10 or 20 years.   "The Midlands Ripper was sort of moving around and picking on what he believed were the most vulnerable people in society, which were the sex workers."      