A cop has died from injuries after he plummeted a staggering 40ft off a bridge. Officer Julian Becerra, 35, died Saturday night at Penrose Hospital in Colorado Springs, officials said. He is survived by his wife and two children. The officer died just over a week after he was critically injured when he fell from a 40-foot bridge while pursuing suspects in a carjacking. Officers had been asked to help the Department of Corrections find a carjacking suspect about 4pm on February 2. After several pursuits throughout the area and at least one other attempted carjacking by the suspects, officers were able to disable the vehicle about 8pm near a bridge just south of Colorado Springs, Fountain Police Commander Mark Cristiani said. The driver got out of the car and Becerra followed, but he fell from the bridge, landed in a riverbed and was critically injured, the commander added. The driver and two passengers in the stolen car were arrested on warrants and on suspicion of felonies that occurred during the pursuit, officials said. The driver had tried to jump off the bridge, but officers caught him, pulled him to safety and took him into custody, police said. On Friday, Fountain police said Becerra had been placed on life support and was surrounded by family and friends, The Gazette in Colorado Springs reported. Becerra had been with the department for more than four years and previously served in the US Air Force. READ MORE: What we know about Michigan State University shooter Anthony McRae “We appreciate the public’s outpouring of support over the past week for Officer Becerra, his family and the Fountain Police Department,” police spokesperson Lisa Schneider said in a statement. Fountain Mayor Sharon Thompson said in a statement Sunday the city is “heartbroken” over Becerra’s death, according to The Gazette. “Fountain will forever be grateful for the selfless service and bravery of Officer Julian Becerra, and we are so proud and thankful for all our police officers and first responders who keep our community safe every day,” Thompson said. Family, friends and law enforcement officers have placed candles, flowers and notes on Becerra’s police cruiser, which is parked outside the Fountain Police Department, ABC affiliate KRDO of Colorado Springs said. A fundraiser started by Becerra’s brother in law has been started here.