Unlucky in love Neville (played by Ralf Little) found a romantic interest in Sophie (Chelsea Edge) who had been visiting the island while travelling solo. The two soon hit it off, but Neville was heartbroken when Sophie announced she'd be returning to Manchester. Death in Paradise fans were convinced at one point that Neville would also leave to go back to English with Sophie, but it turns out the opposite would end up being true. Sophie told Neville at the end of the last episode she'd be flying out to see him. Is everything as it seems though?  Neville excitedly informed his colleagues at the end of the latest episode of the good news. "Her [Sophie's] boss said she can work remotely for a month just as a trial and I guess we'll see how we get on together," he explained. "I am so pleased for you, inspector," Darlene (Ginny Holder) replied. Now viewers are anticipating Sophie's return and hoping Neville can find his happily ever after. READ MORE: BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up Could things be appearing brighter than they really are, though? Ahead of the series starting, Ralf hinted things may not go according to plan. "It starts with them bumping into each other, it’s a very sweet, charming, cute meet," he explained. "They get on well. As quirky and eccentric as he can be, he’s very kind, and is actually a little nervous when she expresses an interest in him. "He’s still heartbroken over Florence and he doesn’t want to waste her time, so he’s very honest about it. "Then there’s a few twists and turns from there..." Neville plucked up the courage to make the call and tell Sophie how he feels, which is probably what Ralf was referring to. However, this means more twists are set to come for the pair. Could Sophie be returning with different motives? DON'T MISS... Mike Tindall weighs in on claim Matt Hancock left I'm a Celeb chat [VIDEO]Happy Valley star resisted auditioning for 'terrifying' role [LATEST]Tom Jones responds to Delilah ban as singer 'proud' of anthem [LATEST] Ahead of her exit from the island, the two shared a candid conversation. "So don't laugh at me, but I've never really done the holiday romance thing before," Sohpie told Neville. "Well, I guess I haven't either," Neville replied. "But... is that what this is, then?" Shrugging, Sophie explained: "I mean, I'd enjoy spending some more time together while I'm here, but it is only 10 days." It seems from the conversation Sophie felt the same way, but when she comes back, things might change. Perhaps the two will start off successfully, but Neville's way of life will be too much of a sacrifice for Sophie to make. They may decide the long-distance relationship isn't working, or maybe Sophie isn't all that she seems. Fans will have to wait for the next few episodes to see how the move goes for the couple, but they will likely be heartbroken for poor Neville if another relationship ends. Death in Paradise continues on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.