Nationwide Building Society is giving its current account customers £100 million worth of cashback in supermarkets to help them save money during the cost of living crisis. Customers will get five percent cashback when they use a Nationwide debit card online and in store between February 9 and April 30, 2023. The cashback is capped at £10 per card per month, meaning members will receive a maximum of £10 by spending £200 a month at most supermarkets including Tesco and Asda.   Britons have been complaining that the cost of the food shop is just as worrying as energy bills and now data from Nationwide’s Spending Report shows supermarkets were the top category for purchases during the last year, with its members spending around £1billion. To help customers manage their finances during the cost of living crisis, the building society has launched its cashback offer along with a freephone cost-of-living hotline (0800 030 40 66) and mortgage support. Tom Riley, director of retail products at Nationwide Building Society, said: “Food costs have risen sharply and many households now think carefully about how and where they shop. "We’re helping members with £10 a month cashback on supermarket spending – just one of the benefits of having a current account with the world’s biggest building society.” READ MORE: eBay sites which 'not many people know about' offer 75% off shopping  People will get the casback automatically when they shop at Aldi, Asda, Co-op, Iceland, Lidl, Morrisons, Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Waitrose. It's also being given when peopel shop at smaller merchants such as Best One, Go Local, Londis, One Stop, Farm Foods, Hello Fresh, Gousto and Wiltshire Farm Foods when customers have one of the accounts below: DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING]   Nationwide isn't currently offering any money to switch to them but it has recently launched new fixed rate online and branch bonds. There rates include fixed rates for both one year and two years including a new savings product with a 4 percent interest rate. To benefit from this four percent rate, Nationwide customers will have to lock away savings in a Two Year Fixed Rate Branch Bond. It also has some other options which might be better suitable, depending on individual circumstances.       Nationwide's new savings rates are:  Meanwhile, NatWest and Nationwide have announced they will be closing 19 bank branches in February meaning thousands of customers could lose their local branch. Some 257 bank branches are set to close their doors this year according to data from LINK, the UK's largest cash machine network. HSBC has the most planned branch closures in 2023 but isn't closing any in February. NatWest is closing 18 this month and Nationwide is shutting one branch on Portman Square, London on February 23. 