Should Prince Harry and Meghan Markle take legal action over their appearance in the animated satire South Park, they would have a battle on their hands, one lawyer says. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Paul Britton, founder of law firm Britton & Time, suggested history is on the South Park's side: "The show is no stranger to previous controversies and many celebrities have publicly expressed their anger at the show for their portrayal." However, the lawyer added that "very few have followed through with considering any legal action". Britton cited a copyright claim from 2010 – 2012, whereby Brownmark Films LLC took legal action against South Park Studios over the rights to its viral video titled “What What (in the butt)”. The viral video was recreated in a South Park episode frame-by-frame with one of the show's characters in the video instead of the original creator. The company sued for copyright infringement. READ MORE: 'I almost cried!' What Americans really think of Harry and Meghan's South Park appearance The US Court of Appeal ultimately dismissed the claim under the fair use doctrine. This doctrine provides exceptions to the general rule that permission is required from a copyright holder to use copyrighted material. One of the main exceptions is parody, which is protected under US law. The court found that the video qualified as a parody because it used the style of the original video to mock and comment on the original video. DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT "South Park Studios will likely use the same defence if Meghan and Harry’s lawyer decide to sue for using their likeness," explained the lawyer. "This could be a strong defence given the pro-speech position taken in the US legal system where free speech is generally protected." What's more, South Park Studios use a disclaimer at the beginning of the show that “all characters and events in this show – even though based on real people – are entirely fictional”. If the couple decides to bring a claim against South Park Studios, it will be "interesting to see the US court’s position, given the show’s blatant use of their likeness and mockery of the couple in what seems to be clearly connected to their life events," Britton said. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's lawyer U-turns on Prince Harry claim to hit back at Samantha Markle South Park went all out on the Sussexes in its latest season, poking fun at the "prince of Canada and his wife" and their quest to find privacy. One source close to the couple told The Spectator Meghan has been "upset and overwhelmed" about how she was portrayed. Royal commentator Neil Sean, citing sources close to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, claimed the couple's "legal team are casting an eye" over the South Park episode titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour to "see what is wrong and what could be turned into something more sinister". However, a spokesperson for Meghan and Harry has tonight rejected the possibility. On whether Harry and Meghan are pursuing legal action against the show, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex told PEOPLE: "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports." The second episode of the 26th season of South Park aired last Wednesday night. 