The Mandalorian has been missing for some time with Star Wars fans eager to know when it would be back for more. Given season two's ending, some Disney+ subscribers were uncertain if this was the end but it was soon renewed for another season. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching The Mandalorian season three. The Mandalorian season three is going to make its debut on Wednesday, March 1, on Disney+. Filming for the latest series began in October 2021 and was wrapped up by March the following year. Like the first two series, The Mandalorian season three is going to be made up of eight episodes. Unfortunately, subscribers won't be able to binge-watch the entire season in one go. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series To keep fans hooked and to prevent any spoilers, Disney+ is going to be releasing The Mandalorian season three episodes weekly. Here is the full schedule for when to watch the series as it comes out: Episode 1 - March 1 Episode 2 - March 8 Episode 3 - March 15 Episode 4 - March 22 Episode 5 - March 29 Episode 6 - April 5 Episode 7 - April 12 Episode 8 - April 19 Season two ended with Luke Skywalker (played by Mark Hamill) coming on board Moff Gideon's (Giancarlo Esposito) shop where Mando and his crew were in need of help. Luke managed to rescue them and Mando (Pedro Pascal) and Grogu had one last emotional moment together to say their goodbyes. It was then time for Grogu to go as he was whisked off by Luke and so Mando completed his mission. There were fears that this would be the end of the story but these thoughts were quickly dashed when Disney+ gave the show a renewal. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [EXIT]Amazon shoppers compare Revlon styler to 'blow dry' [EXPLAINER]What to watch on Disney+ in March as The Mandalorian returns [STREAMING] Season three is going to see Mando and Grogu reunited but the circumstances around this hasn't yet been revealed. In the second season, Mando revealed to the Armorer that he had shown his face to Grogu, something which isn't allowed among the Mandalorians. As a result, he was exiled from his tribe, leaving him with nowhere to go and no allies to rely on. This upcoming series is going to see Mando attempt to make amends with them so he can return to Mandore. Disney+'s official synopsis reads: "The journeys of the Mandalorian through the Star Wars galaxy continue. "Once a lone bounty hunter, Din Djarin has reunited with Grogu. "Meanwhile, the New Republic struggles to lead the galaxy away from its dark history. "The Mandalorian will cross paths with old allies and make new enemies as he and Grogu continue their journey together." The Mandalorian season 3 premieres on Wednesday, March 1, on Disney+.