Emmanuel Macron has infuriated Russia over his reluctance to rule out sending fighter jets to Ukraine. The French President said France does not exclude sending fighter jets but set out conditions before such a step is taken, including not leading to an escalation of tensions or using the aircraft “to touch Russian soil,” and not resulting in weakening “the capacities of the French army.” The comments sparked fury in Moscow where Maria Zakharova, the Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman, said: “Forgive me, but this is absurd. “Is the president of France really certain that if arms, heavy weapons and aircraft are supplied to the Kyiv regime to conduct combat operations, this will not lead to an escalation of the situation?” Referring to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, Ms Zakharova added: “Such statements only increase the already irrepressible appetite of the Zelensky regime.” French Defense Minister Sebastien Lecornu, speaking with Reznikov, also said there are “no taboos” on sending fighter jets. He also confirmed France is sending 12 more Caesar cannons in the coming weeks. Ukraine won support on Tuesday from Baltic nations and Poland in its quest to obtain Western fighter jets, but there were no signs that larger nations like the US and Britain have changed their stance of refusing to provide warplanes to Kyiv after almost a year of battling Russia's invading forces. Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Reinsalu said in the Latvian capital of Riga at a news conference with his Baltic and Polish colleagues: “Ukraine needs fighter jets ... missiles, tanks. We need to act." Those countries, which lie on NATO's eastern flank, feel especially threatened by Russia and have been the leading advocates for providing military aid. Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov held talks with his French counterpart, saying they did not discuss specific fighter jets, but they did talk about aviation “platforms” to help Ukraine’s ground-to-air defence. Reznikov spoke about Kyiv's requests for fighter jets, saying: “I don’t know how quick it will be, this response from Western allies. “I’m optimistic and I think it will be as soon as possible.” He also listed weapons Ukraine has sought in the past year, starting with Stingers, and said the first response was always, “impossible," adding that eventually “it became possible." READ MORE: Russian tank commander accidentally kills five of his own men  Reznikov's trip came a week after Western nations pledged to send Kyiv sophisticated modern tanks. Several Western leaders have expressed concern that providing warplanes could escalate the conflict and draw them in deeper. The UK government, among Kyiv’s staunchest supporters and military suppliers, said sending its fighter jets is “not practical.” Prime Minister Rishi Sunak’s spokesman, Max Blain, said Tuesday that “the UK’s Typhoon and F-35 fighter jets are extremely sophisticated and take months to learn how to fly," although he didn’t say London was opposed to other nations sending planes. Asked on Monday if his administration was considering sending F-16 fighter jets to Ukraine, US President Joe Biden responded simply by saying: “No.” DON'T MISS:Russia dealt with trade blow by key ally as Putin plans new attack [INSIGHT]Furious Putin demands troops seize Donetsk and Luhansk by March [VIDEO]Triple lock 'is under threat from a nasty campaign' [ANALYSIS] On Tuesday, Reznikov was asked if Biden’s ‘’no” to F-16s was the final word. He said: “All types of help first passed through the ‘no’ stage. "Which only means ‘no’ at today’s given moment. The second stage is, ‘Let’s talk and study technical possibilities.’ The third stage is, ‘Let’s get your personnel trained.’ And the fourth stage is the transfer (of equipment).” Kyiv has repeatedly urged allies to send jets, calling them essential to challenging Russia’s air superiority and to ensure the success of future counteroffensives spearheaded by Western tanks. The West also has ruled out providing Kyiv with long-range missiles able to hit Russian territory, citing potential escalation.