Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway is an ITV favourite and there are some exciting new features this season. Fans can expect to see more Ring My Bell, Singalong Live and Win the Ads as the show makes its return. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when it is back. The series returns to ITV1 and ITVX on Saturday, February 25 for a new 90-minute instalment. There is plenty to look forward to with famous faces such as Joe Wicks and Claudia Winkleman. The pair will be taking on a new edition of I’m A Celebrity…Get Out Of Me Ear! Meanwhile Alison Hammond and Rylan will be featuring in Undercovers! READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Fans can also look forward to some impressive End of the Show Shows this time around. Ant and Dec have also promised a huge giveaway which will be revealed live during the show's debut. Plenty more famous faces will be seen in the mystery whodunnit called Murder At Bigwig Manor. Richard Wilson plays the Head of ITV with cameos from Davina McCall, Joel Dommett, Dermot O’Leary, Keith Lemon, AJ Odudu, Judi Love and Stephanie Cole. Stephen Mulhern, Fleur East, Jordan North and Andi Peters all return with Stephen judging some new Ant vs Dec challenges. The hosting duo teased the new series with a hilarious trailer inspired by ASMR (autonomous sensory meridian response). They said: "We’re here, in your ear, to make this moment happier," while Ant rustled a bag of popcorn and Dec crinkled a golden ticket. "It’s guaranteed to cause a sensation, I can feel it in my thighs,’ they said. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army itemAnt's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfitBruno Tonioli ‘told off’ after causing havoc on BGT Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the series making a return soon. Heidi-Jade Sargent said: "Ahhhhh I’m so excited it's my absolute favourite show ever!!!" [Sic] Dean Haynes shared: "Yaaaaaaaa!! When can the family get tickets!! Something decent on the tele!!" [Sic] Sue Edwards added: "Excited! Takeaway and a couple of beers watching it what more can you ask for." Robert Langham said: "Cannot wait could certainly do with a show like this right now." Ant and Dec took to Instagram to announce the show's return with an impressive video set in an office. As Ant wheeled Dec across the floor in an office chair, Dec held a piece of paper displaying the return date. The pair then set off a party popper as they celebrated the show's long-awaited comeback.  Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway returns to ITV on February 25 at 7pm.