 Jane Fonda, 85, and Sally Field, 76, have been close friends since the 1980s and most recently are sharing a screen together in the upcoming film 80 For Brady. Despite their decades-long relationship, Jane claims she still has to put in most of the effort in their friendship but doesn’t take it to heart.   Both Jane and Sally rose to fame in the 1960s, albeit on far different platforms. Jane received her breakout role in western film Cat Ballou while Sally became a teen star on the sitcom Gidget. Once both actresses had become settled in their fame they garnered a friendship that would last a lifetime. However, speaking on the podcast Call Her Daddy, Jane claimed their relationship isn’t as easy-going as it may seem. READ MORE: Pauline Quirke is first Birds Of A Feather star to get MBE as she smiles at Prince William  When asked what the secret is to maintaining friendships over decades, Jane explained it all comes down to a single factor, noting “especially when you’re older”. She said: “If you want to maintain a friendship you have to be intentional. You really have to work at it.” Speaking with host Alex Cooper, the two women discussed how relationships can’t always be a 50/50 split when it comes to putting in effort. Jane added: “That’s the case in my friendship with Sally Field.     “Sally, you wouldn’t know this, but she tends to be a bit reclusive. She’s not one to really want to go out. “Especially when I lived in Atlanta I would have to really coax her out to come to dinner with me or to go out together.” Jane highlighted that she understands that’s just “how she is” and doesn’t take it personally. Late last year, Sally revealed that this is how their friendship has run from their very first meeting.  She recalled, speaking in a red carpet interview with Entertainment Tonight: “(Jane) literally knocked on my door and said, you know, 'Come on, we're going to lunch’." Sally added that ever since then, the Grace and Frankie star has been “so important” to her not just as a friend but also “as a mentor and all sorts of things”. The two friends became a viral sensation earlier this month after a hilarious interview on CBS Sunday Morning. Jane and Sally appeared alongside their other 80 For Brady co-stars, Lily Tomlin, 83, and Rita Moreno, 91.  Jane explained, as she did on the podcast, that she had to intentionally pursue a friendship with the “reclusive actress”. To which Sally quickly responded: “Oh goodness sakes, I couldn’t make you stop.” sending her co-stars into a fit of giggles. In the very same conversation Jane brutally slammed most male friendships, saying that men simply “watch sports or cars or women” together to be friends. She continued: “Women sit facing each other eye to eye and say, ‘I’m in trouble, I need you. Can you help me?’ “We’re not afraid of being vulnerable.”