Ex-Chelsea star Pat Nevin believes that his former side should target Napoli forward Victor Osimhen at the end of the season. The striker is high on Manchester United’s summer shopping list, with Erik ten Hag desperate to sign a marquee No 9. Chelsea have endured a torrid start to the season, with their 1-0 loss at home to bottom-of-the-table Southampton over the weekend further showing just how far the club have fallen in such a short amount of time. The finger has been pointed at Graham Potter by supporters, with the former Brighton boss having one of the worst win percentages in the club’s history. Some feel that a change of face in the dugout is needed as soon as possible, though the Blues’ higher powers are keen to stand by the 47-year-old and feel that he is the right person to spearhead their revival over the coming seasons. But with so much money spent, supporters believe that short-term success is to be expected as well. Nevin believes that Todd Boehly and co are right to stand by Potter despite the club looking unlikely to finish in the top four this season, insisting that Chelsea need to continue their spending spree to bring in a striker. He told the Daily Mail: “They’ve bought a bunch of youngsters. Unbelievably expensive youngsters, but this isn’t a team for now. It’s for two or three years down the line. “We don’t know what percentage of them will work, but this looks to me like planning — not the scattergun operation when they were signing the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. But it’s Chelsea. It’s the Premier League. The fans are getting fed up. The ownership are under pressure. “You don’t have a lot of time and the negatives are you’re halfway down the table and not scoring enough goals. Everybody knows they need somebody to put the ball in the net. That would help a wee bit. They could go out and sign a striker, but Chelsea’s history of buying strikers at the wrong end of their career is extraordinary. “They want somebody at the right end of their career who can become like Didier Drogba. I would get Victor Osimhen from Napoli if it was up to me.” Osimhen has been in scintillating form in the Serie A this season, scoring 18 and assisting three in 19 league appearances to guide Napoli to the top of the table. The Italian side are adamant that their forward is not for sale, though Chelsea have not shied away from coughing up significant fees to test the resolve of other sides. Though they could find themselves in a bidding war with United for the Nigeria international, with Ten Hag a long-term admirer of the forward.