A stewardess working on a £100million superyacht based in the United States exclusively shared with Express.co.uk what the life of a crew member looks like. The stewardess, who wished to remain anonymous, revealed some of the "weirdest" items they carry on board as well as the most "tedious" tasks on the luxury yacht. The stewardess said that one of the "top three weird things we have" on the superyacht is the "helicopter with its pilot". The crew member explained that not all yachts have a helicopter on board. Because of the minimum size required for a helipad, they can never be fitted on yachts shorter than 45 meters, or 150 feet, in length. She said, however, that other superyachts have "a lot more bizarre things" on board such as "car collections" and "submarines". The luxury stewardess revealed that there are also two Vespas on the yacht "that I didn't even know we had", and that they keep them in a hidden garage they have on the ship. READ MORE: Flight attendant claims hotels 'never wash' key item of bedding  The crew member explained that another "weird item" they have is a "machine that warms up the dishes so the food stays warm" until they serve it. She revealed that the appliance is "super handy", but the truth is that the device can also be found in some houses. A food warmer, which maintains the serving temperature of the meals, is used in some of the most luxurious homes and restaurants. The stewardess went on to reveal the most "tedious" parts of her job, which are also part of her daily routine.  "The first one is to put the flag up and then take it down when the sun goes down every single day," she explained. It is a nautical rule, and also part of the sailing boat etiquette, to put the flag up at 8am every morning and down at sunset. This applies to any sailing boat, including yachts, and according to Sailonline, "the appropriate time to fly the ensign is from 8am to sunset and it is also important to take the flag down prior to leaving the yacht if the ship will be unmanned at the time of sunset". But why do yachts have flags? At sea, a ship's flag is used to communicate as well as show respect to people and territories. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' "Flags have been an important part of seafaring for many, many years, and their proper use remains strictly enforced around the world," experts at Sailonline explained. The biggest flag, and sometimes the only flag a yacht has, is the national flag and "this should be flown as close to the stern of the vessel as possible". The national flag shows the country of registry of the yacht which is its official nationality. Therefore, the flag doesn't always show where the owners are from but where the yacht was registered. Some ships also fly a "courtesy flag", when entering or leaving a foreign port and during their stay in the port as a mark of respect. The stewardess added that another "very tedious daily job" is to take the bins out. This is because crew members have to change their shoes every time they want to disembark the yacht, and "it's not always in the most glamorous places". "We have another way to empty the bins using a machine called biodigester that is just for organic waste. But it stinks! It's actually really really bad!" She added: "Obviously there are worst things I have to do sometimes but these are the daily things I hate the most."