You and Me is the coming-of-age story, told from two timelines, of the lives of Ben (played by Harry Lawtey), Emma (Jessica Barden) and Jess (Sophia Brown). They have all experienced trauma and tragedy, but it is up to them to decide if they wish to live in the past or move on to, hopefully, a brighter future. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the creation of You and Me. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You and Me. You and Me made its debut on Thursday, February 23, at 8pm on ITV, with two more instalments to follow in the same time slot. Ben, who has a relationship with both Emma and Jess, is a young northerner whose life gets far more complicated and interesting when he moves to London. The romantic drama was therefore filmed in southeast London in the summer of 2022, with cast and crew spotted in locations such as New Cross and....? Producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins, explained to press, including Express.co.uk, why London made sense to film in. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Dominic said: "We wanted to get that sense of London being 'wow', it's hot, it's summer in the city and you're sitting out, having a tinny. "But when we first talked about it, we talked about Bridget Jones and Notting Hill and what a strong sense of place those shows have but that's kind of been done. "So we looked at Telegraph Hill and Greenwich, those bits that aren't seen, they're cheaper to film in and look fresh. "It's young, lots of young people are living there and we were really really lucky and that comes across." Jess star Sophia Brown went on to add how filming in the capital at the height of summer made the show feel "real". "I personally think London is the greatest city in the world, particularly in summer", she said. "Not being from London and a lot of my friends are not from London and I think in your 20s when you're kind of still fairly new to this city, you find your people. "In summer, you get swept up into this bubble and there's this palpable energy. "That just breeds you meeting new people and those stories just happen, moment by moment, day by day in summer, it just kind of rolls into one so I think it was a perfect set in London. "It felt really right that we were running through Deptford Market. It felt like there were people actually doing it, maybe in Ridley Road Market and that might happen to them and it felt real." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [SPOILER]Unforgotten boss addresses 'profound loss' of Nicola Walker from show [EXPLAINER]Vera's Brenda Blethyn details changes made for beloved DCI Stanhope  [CAST] You and Me explore two timelines through the eyes of Ben, Jess and Emma. Ben's life changes forever when tragedy strikes on what is meant to be the happiest day of his life. Theatre performer Emma is desperately trying to hide her own trauma so it doesn't impact her career. Whereas Jess faces the unexpected when she is running for a bus. Throughout the series, their lives begin to intertwine, but will they let their pasts hold them back from their futures? You and Me consists of just three episodes with one airing each week on ITV at 9pm. This means that the third and final instalment is going to be aired on Thursday, March 10. If you're not keen on waiting that long to find out what happens, the box set of You and Me is available to watch on ITV X. You and Me airs every Thursday at 9pm on ITV.