Thomas Tuchel has been linked with a sensational return to PSG as pressure builds on current boss Christophe Galtier. The former Chelsea boss was sacked by the Parisians on Christmas Day in 2020 after leading them to the Champions League final the same year but could now return if Luis Campos loses faith in Galtier. Here Express Sport takes a speculatory look at four Chelsea players the German may seek a reunion with if he takes up the job in the French capital. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang Tuchel has now worked with Aubameyang at both Borussia Dortmund and Chelsea and he could be tempted to link up with the Gabon captain for a third time. The 33-year-old’s spell at Stamford Bridge has been something of a nightmare with the German making him a deadline day signing before being sacked less than a week later. Graham Potter has made it clear that Aubameyang is not in his plans with his team selections in an increasingly weird situation for all parties. A summer departure now seems likely and he would still be a valuable player for PSG with Kylian Mbappe reportedly preferring to play alongside a traditional No 9 like the Chelsea striker. JUST IN: Premier League to be shown on new TV channel after BT Sport buyout Hakim Ziyech One of the more obvious potential arrivals at PSG is Ziyech. The Moroccan was moments away from a deadline day switch to the Ligue 1 champions in January before it was foiled by a technical error. The 29-year-old was not an automatic first-team pick under Tuchel during his spell at Stamford Bridge however sporting director Campos is clearly a fan and could try to resurrect the move. If he was able to replicate the kind of form he showed over the World Cup he would be a useful addition for the German too. Mason Mount There is increasing speculation that Mount will leave Chelsea in the summer with contract talks on hold until then. The England international’s current deal expires in 2024 and he could be allowed to leave soon to avoid losing him for nothing in 18 months' time. Liverpool have been touted as the most likely destination but Tuchel could also take advantage if he returns to PSG. Mount was one of the German’s star players during his stint at Stamford Bridge and is someone he is likely to be willing to work with again.  Mateo Kovacic Reports have suggested that the Croatian midfielder is one of the players Potter and Boehly could be open to flogging in the summer as they continue their major rebuild at the club. Kovacic has been one of the most consistent players at Chelsea for some time so it would be something of a surprise if he was allowed to leave but he is certainly likely to be someone Tuchel would be interested in with central midfield something of a weaker position for PSG.