 Friends of Brianna Ghey have revealed that the transgender teen was “bullied for years” due to her gender identity. The 16-year-old was found dead in a Warrington Park at 3:13pm on Saturday with stab wounds, after a “targeted attack”. Two teenagers, a 15-year-old boy and girl, have been arrested on suspicion of murder.   The pupil had been attending Birchwood Community High School until five days before her death, when she announced on TikTok she had been “excluded”. Since her death, more than £63,000 has been donated to a fundraising page set up to support her family with funeral costs. The teen was said to be someone who “brought a lot of laughter” and the mourning family say her passing has “left a massive hole” in their hearts. Authorities so far say there is no evidence that Brianna was the subject of a hate crime. Despite this, her friends have posted on social media alleging that she had been the victim of bullying, abuse and violence for years. Brianna had been “bullied and gang beaten” for years whilst at school for the “simple reason of being trans”, one alleged friend said.   “She had been bullied at school for years”, another alleged friend claimed. The Sun reported that one friend of Brianna’s said that people aware of the bullying “refused to intervene” to prevent it from happening. Express.co.uk has contacted the school and the police for comment. Warrington Borough Council said they were not able to comment. The teen, having garnered legions of followers on the social media platform TikTok, claimed she had got “excluded from school” five days before her murder. In a statement, head of Birchwood Emma Mills, said the school is “shocked and truly devastated to hear of the death of Brianna. "This is understandably a very difficult and distressing time for many and we will do our utmost to support our pupils and wider school community."READ MORE: Nicola Bulley detectives took 'nine days' to call key witness that saw suspicious men   Members of the LGBT community and charities alike have expressed their condolences and concern following Brianna’s death. LGBT charity Stonewall took to Twitter to say: “Our thoughts are with Brianna Ghey, a young trans woman, and her loved ones, following her tragic murder in Cheshire. “We urge anyone who may have information which will help the police with their enquiries to come forward.” Responding to Stonewall’s post, one Twitter user said how “scary” Brianna’s death was. “Bless this poor girl”, the wrote. “Horrible and scary times we are living in. Her poor family must be so upset. Such a tragic and senseless loss of life. She looked like such a happy soul.” DON'T MISS: Private Nicola Bulley search begins as forensic expert pinpoints 'burial site' near riverNicola Sturgeon hit by new nightmare as support for SNP plummetsExtinction Rebellion blocks Luton Airport private jet terminal calling for tax on flights   Cheshire Police’s Detective Chief Superintendent Mike Evans said: “A number of enquiries in relation to this incident are underway and we are doing all that we can to establish the exact circumstances of what has happened. “At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that the circumstances surrounding Brianna’s death are hate related. Patrols have been stepped up in the local area and officers will remain in the Culcheth area to provide reassurance and address any concerns that residents may have. I would ask anyone who has any information, no matter how big or small, that they believe could help with our investigation to get in touch. “We are also keen for people and businesses within the local community to check any CCTV or dashcam footage for anything that may aid our investigation.” Brianna’s family released a statement for their “strong, fearless” daughter. “Brianna was a much loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister. “She was a larger than life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same. We would like to thank everyone for their kind words and support during this extremely difficult time. “We would like to thank the police for their support, and witnesses for helping with the investigation. The continuation of respect for privacy is greatly appreciated.” 