Mason Greenwood could earn a maximum of £50,000-a-week if he ends up leaving Manchester United for China, according to reports. The England international recently had charges dropped against him, having been arrested in January of last year. However, there’s still no guarantee he’ll play for the club again with the striker’s future currently up in the air as the Red Devils conduct an investigation. Greenwood hasn’t played for United since a 1-0 win over West Ham last year, with Marcus Rashford scoring a dramatic late winner that day. It has been a week since it emerged charges were being dropped regarding the 21-year-old, meaning he’s now free to play football again. United have confirmed they’re conducting their own investigation as they look to determine the ‘next steps’ when it comes to Greenwood as his future. However, it emerged over the weekend that the England international was open to playing in China if he ends up departing Old Trafford. China have previously paid big wages to players such as Hulk, Oscar and Jackson Martinez over the years in an attempt to put the country on the footballing map. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford However, last March, the country introduced a salary cap. The maximum that foreign players playing in the Chinese Super League can earn works out at £2.7million a year - or around £50,000 a week for a full season. That would represent a pay cut for Greenwood, who pockets around £75,000 every seven days at United. And what ultimately happens regarding his future remains to be seen. There have been conflicting reports concerning the mood within United as to whether Greenwood should play in their colours again. DON’T MISS:Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Some think they don’t need the distraction of the 21-year-old returning at a time where they’re on an upwards trajectory under Erik ten Hag. Others, however, think the club have a ‘duty of care’ for a player who has been on their books ever since he was a young child. United have kept Greenwood’s profile on their website throughout the process so far. Yet they’re still not selling any merchandise with the England international on it, with a quick search of their online store coming up with no results. Regardless of what happens with Greenwood, United want to land a new striker at the end of the season. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Harry Kane is one player on their wishlist, with the Tottenham star approaching the last year of his contract in north London. Napoli hitman Victor Osimhen is also being eyed, with the Nigeria international bagging 16 goals from 17 matches in Serie A. And Benjamin Sesko, Mohammed Kudus and Goncalo Ramos, of Red Bull Salzburg, Ajax and Benfica respectively, have all been linked as well. Speaking before United’s 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace on Saturday, Ten Hag shrugged off questions over Greenwood. "No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club." He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit." Greenwood himself, meanwhile, thanked his family and friends for their support during the process. “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support,” he said. “There will be no further comment at this time.” Greenwood won’t be training or playing for United while they conduct their investigation, with no timeline for any potential return currently in place.