Beyoncé is about to jump back onto stages around the world for the first time in almost five years. The American artist is finally bringing to life the vision of her latest album, Renaissance, in what she has dubbed The Renaissance Tour. The singer will begin her tour in May and will remain on the road until September. Throughout her 40-plus date world tour, Bey will be playing in the UK five times across four different cities. The Crazy In Love star will be playing Cardiff, Edinburgh, Sunderland and two massive shows in London. Demand for Beyoncé's tour is expected to be gigantic, so fans will need to plan their ticket purchases early for a better chance at securing a spot at her Renaissance Tour. It is advised to be on the presale and tickets websites earlier than their go-live time, and do not refresh your screen once you are in the queue. General onsale tickets for Beyoncé's tour will be released on Tuesday, February 7, 2023, at 10am. But there are many presale events going live before then over the next few days. Beyoncé is holding a few different presale events. The first is the O2 Priority event which started on Thursday, February 2, 2023, at 10am. These tickets were only available to users of the O2 phone network. The next presale begins on Friday, February 3, 2023, at 9am. This will be a Live Nation Presale event that will be open to Beyoncé fans who registered their interest on the Live Nation website. Get your Live Nation Presale tickets here. After that, Beyoncé is holding her own presale event. This has been called The BeyHive Presale Event and will kick off on Monday, February 6, 2023, at 9am. Fans of the platinum-selling artist will be able to sign up for the BeyHive club on the star's website. Get your BeyHive Presale tickets here. The final batch of tickets will be the general onsale tickets. These will drop on Tuesday, February 7, 2023, at 10am. These will be the last chance fans have to get tickets to the star's shows. Get your Beyoncé tickets here. Beyoncé is playing five massive shows across four UK cities. She will be starting in Cardiff on May 17, 2023, where she will play the Cardiff Principality Stadium. This enormous venue is in the heart of the city and can hold an estimated 74,000 people. Three days later, on May 20, 2023, Beyoncé will arrive at Edinburgh's BT Murray Field Stadium. This rugby stadium is one of the country's biggest venues and has a seating capacity of approximately 70,000. Beyoncé will next hit Sunderland's Stadium of Light, in what will prove to be one of the star's more intimate events. This venue - despite being the biggest in the city - only holds an estimated 49,000 seats. At the end of the month, on May 29 and May 30, 2023, Beyoncé will arrive at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London. After replacing White Hart Lane, this is the home of the Tottenham Hotspur Football Club. It has a staggering 62,000 capacity. Beyoncé tickets will be available at a number of retailers. When planning out your ticket purchasing strategy, it's important to think about which websites you already have accounts with. Those with credit and debit card details already saved will save precious seconds while trying to check out fast. At the moment, Ticketmaster, and Live Nation are the ticket sellers delivering Beyoncé tickets to UK fans.