BBC Sport presenter Gabby Logan has relived the emotional moment when she resigned herself to the prospect that her pregnancy had failed after discovering that she was bleeding. However, a phone call the next day to the contrary turned her world upside down, as she revealed to Giovanna Fletcher on her Happy Mum Happy Baby podcast. Gabby had been due to get the results of a blood test confirming the status of her pregnancy - but the day began with a suspenseful moment that left a lump in her throat. "On the day... I woke up [to find] I'd bled - and I was absolutely distraught," she exclaimed. The devastated presenter didn't even have her partner as a shoulder to cry on, as he was miles away in Glasgow at the time. "I rang him up and I said 'I think I've lost the baby, this is not happening'," she recalled. READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce Fortunately, he was "amazing", reassuring her that their pregnancy journey would succeed in the end and that they would try another round of IVF. Inspired by his attitude, Gabby vowed to simply "be stoic... and wait for that phone call". She was convinced that the blood flow was a "sign" she'd lost her much longed for baby to miscarriage, but was soon reassured to the contrary. "The phone call came the next day and they said 'Don't worry about that - that can happen, you can have a bit of spotting'," she continued. "I mean I wasn't haemorrhaging or anything but I was sure that this was a sign." "[Then] I just heard 'You're pregnant' and that was enough for me. I didn't care what else!" the exhilarated presenter continued. However, she was informed afterwards that two eggs had been successfully fertilised, and she was expecting twins - a future she felt sure she'd had a glimpse into before. "I had this premonition when I was younger that I'd have twins," she explained. It was a great relief for her, as she'd previously had no idea why she and Kenny hadn't been able to get pregnant. She'd been told she fell into the same category as 20 percent of other struggling aspiring mums - that of "unexplained fertility". The sports fanatic had been exercising and keeping fit, while at the age of just 31, she hadn't been smoking or heavily drinking. Besides that, her partner was a professional rugby player and seemed to be at the peak of his physical health, so she was baffled when the pair simply couldn't achieve a natural pregnancy. Despite that initial hiccup and moment of uncertainty, her IVF journey ended in success after just one try. She is now the proud parent of horse-mad daughter Lois, who is making a name for herself as a show jumper, and son Reuben, who lives in the family's Edwardian mansion in Buckinghamshire. She is grateful that she never had to face crippling disappointment time and time again, like some aspiring mums. "I have huge love and respect for women who have had serial failures and keep on going," she told IVF Bubble, adding: "It must be a monumental challenge."