Nicola Bulley's last known text messages to a friend are "massively important" and appear to suggest she was not in crisis, it has been claimed. Ms Bulley arranged a play date with friends in a text sent shortly before she disappeared. The mother-of-two went missing while walking her dog Willow along the River Wyre near St Michael's on Wyre three weeks ago today. Her disappearance has led to a huge search operation and public appeals from her family and Lancashire Constabulary. Police have come under heavy criticism for revealing details about Ms Bulley's "vulnerabilities" which they said made her "high risk". They later outlined in a statement she had been struggling with alcohol issues and the menopause. Ms Bulley, 45, had also stopped taking HRT medication. Former Police and Crime Commissioner for Dorset, Martyn Underhill, said he does not think Ms Bulley's last known texts indicate a woman who is in crisis. On the significance of the messages, he said: "It’s massively important to the inquiry. The reason it has come up again is in response to the police saying she suffered from alcohol problems and the menopause because what they’re clearly saying in their disclosure is that she may not have been of sound mind. "Well, someone who isn’t of sound mind wouldn’t have arranged to meet a friend for a drink or a playdate with kids." A friend of Ms Bulley's told the Mirror about the messages earlier this month, but they have come to the fore again after details of her personal life were made public by Lancashire Constabulary. The pal told the Mirror: "She booked a playdate, 8.57am. She sent a text message to a friend whose mortgage she had just recently signed off on to arrange for the girls to go for tea this week. "You wouldn’t have done that if you were going to get up and go missing." READ ABOUT SPECULATION ABOUT NICOLA BULLEY 'GETTING OUT OF CONTROL' A former Victims' Commissioner said police made a sexist error when they released the details of Ms Bulley's struggles. Dame Vera Baird said she believed Lancashire Constabulary had made a "dreadful error" in disclosing the missing mother-of-two's vulnerabilities. She told the BBC: "I'm afraid this is the biggest error that I have seen for quite a long time. It's going to just, you know, very sadly, to undermine trust in the police yet further. "I'm sure they would have explained themselves if they had an explanation... if it was relevant, it needed to be in a public domain at the start and it wasn't. I mean, that is a really worrying error. It is frankly dreadful. I'm worried about future people making complaints. "If one of your relatives has gone missing... and may have some weaknesses, as goodness knows we all do, then would you, first of all, go to the police at all as early as you should when you will have to tell them all the intimate details to help them with their inquiry - that's essential. "But would you if it's going to be on the front page of The Sun the next day or a week later? And if you do, will you tell them these details?" DON'T MISS: Nicola's family plea for end to 'appalling' speculation over her life [REPORT] Woman laughs and walks away as dog attacks walkers in park [REVEALED] Three UFOs shot down by US were not linked to Chinese spy balloons [LATEST] The Information Commissioner has said he will be asking Lancashire Police about its decision to disclose Ms Bulley's struggles with alcohol and HRT. John Edwards said in a statement: "Data protection law exists to ensure people's personal information is used properly and fairly. This includes ensuring personal details are not disclosed inappropriately. "Police can disclose information to protect the public and investigate crime, but they would need to be able to demonstrate such disclosure was necessary. "We recognise that at this stage of an intensive, live investigation, the force must focus all their energies on the inquiry. "But given the high-profile nature of this case, we will be asking Lancashire Police to set out how they reached the decision to disclose this information in due course." Home Secretary Suella Braverman demanded an "explanation" from the force about why it disclosed the details at a press conference on Wednesday, a source has revealed. According to a source close to the Home Secretary, she received an explanation from police on Thursday evening after becoming "concerned" with how the issue was being handled. The force also came under fire from the leader of Wyre Council, who said there are "lessons to be learned". Michael Vincent told Sky News: "I think there are lessons to be learned, but I think they've done their best in difficult circumstances." Talking about the information on Ms Bulley revealed by police, Mr Vincent added: "That was put out there with the knowledge of Nicola's family because other people were seeking to make that information public. "That wasn't the police's decision, their hand was forced. Should they have done it? Again, with the benefit of hindsight, that should be looked into in future cases. "I think they have done their best in difficult circumstances." He also revealed people in the village where she vanished have employed an external security company because of interest in the case.  Mr Vincent added: "People have reported being sat in their living rooms in an afternoon watching television and people coming up to the windows, peering in, trying the doors, it's been terrifying for them. "These are typically older people extremely scared in their own homes. "The residents have had to employ an external security company, that's just not acceptable."  The Conservative Police and Crime Commissioner for Lancashire, Andrew Snowden, said the force was being as transparent as it can be after the press conference. Lancashire Constabulary said on February 3 its main theory is that Ms Bulley had fallen into the River Wyre in a "10-minute window" between 9.10am and 9.20am on the day she disappeared. The search for her has since been extended to the sea, but she has still not been found. 