Arsenal head coach Mikel Arteta has confirmed that Thomas Partey could return to action against Leicester City in Saturday's Premier League clash. The Gunners boss also provided a positive update on Gabriel Jesus' recovery as his return date looms larger. Arsenal can stretch their lead over Manchester City at the Premier League summit to five points with a victory over the Foxes at the Emirates Stadium. And Arteta has revealed that Partey could return to the heart of his midfield in what he has described as a 'huge boost'. He said: "Not a lot of changes. Obviously, there is a question mark on Thomas [Partey]. "He hasn't trained much, but it looks like he could be available, so let's see how he trains today. Yeah [it's a huge boost for Arsenal]. "He's a really important player for us that we missed in the last few games, but hopefully, he can be available." JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed Arteta also explained that Jesus was 'progressing really well' in his recovery from a knee injury suffered while representing Brazil at the 2022 World Cup. The 25-year-old forward hasn't featured for Arsenal since before the Qatar showcase but could soon be back in contention to bolster the Gunners' ranks. "A regular [Gabriel Jesus update]. He's progressing really well, training more and more on the field. The knee's not reacting, so really positive," Arteta continued. "We want to have him as quickly as possible, but are respect as much as possible the timeframe that we got from the doctors and the specialists. But he's really pushing the boundaries right now. Arsenal will look to reboot their momentum in the title race at the Emirates Stadium after last weekend's last-gasp 4-2 win at Aston Villa. DON'T MISS Man Utd hero Paul Scholes offers title verdict after Barcelona winCryptocurrency firm with links to MPs and footballers vanishesLionel Messi was left gobsmacked by Arsenal player's comments Arsenal could face a tough test against Leicester, who have enjoyed a resurgence in form in recent weeks, barring last Sunday's 3-0 defeat at Manchester United. And Arteta is wary of the tactical flexibility that Brendan Rodgers has utilised this season, insisting he has prepared his squad for any possibility. He said: "They've been really consistent in the last few weeks in the games they've played. "It's true that Brendan [Rodgers] has proposed very different [game plans] in many different moments throughout the season. "They have this capacity to adapt, play different formations, play different approaches. We have prepared for both because it is possible, and let's see what they do tomorrow." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here