Penny Lancaster, 51, looked ecstatic as she shared a warm-hearted moment with little Aiden - the son who followers insist is the spitting image of his dad Sir Rod Stewart. As the youngest of Rod's eight children, Aiden celebrated turning 12 today as his Loose Women star mum showcased her stunning natural beauty while sitting alongside him. Sir Rod has eight children - the eldest of whom was conceived when he was a teenager. That child, Sarah Streeter, is now 59, meaning a mammoth 47-year age gap between herself and little Aiden, who was conceived when Rod was 66. Fans have been raving after catching a glimpse of the cute snap of the younger of the two sons Rod shares with Penny. "Gosh Aiden is the spit of Rod..... Happy 12th Birthday. All enjoy the Celebrations!" enthused @gillybean55southnorthsouth. READ NOW: Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia @lhritkco chimed in: "Looks the most like Rod of any of his children. Happy Birthday!!" @fluff_4_brainz also insisted: "Chip off the old block - he is the double of his dad." Naturally, Aiden has also inherited some of the striking looks of his mother, a former model turned police constable, too, and others among Penny's 166,000 followers suggested he was a "50/50 cross". @messingaboutinboats added: "Gosh I can see both of you Penny, but he has that young Rod face…so lovely!" "It was scary, but it turned out to be a panic attack. The lad wanted to do well, pulled on the Hoops in Scotland for his dad." He revealed that during the same event, another boy had fallen backwards and severely banged his head. Penny has previously joked that she is a "soccer mom", while the pair proudly watch their son unleash his athletic prowess at matches whenever they can. Aiden is believed to enjoy a close relationship with other siblings too - both his older brother Alastair, and half-siblings from Rod's previous relationships. He recently took a holiday with members of his blended family, which includes Kimberley and Sean from Rod's first marriage to actress Alana Stewart, and Ruby, from his relationship with model Kelly Emberg. The Do Ya Think I'm Sexy star has had quite a few relationships in his time, which has led some Instagram fans in the past to jokingly question whether Aiden will follow in his footsteps as a lady magnet. As for Rod himself, he previously revealed that the constant stream of models coming in and out of his bedroom in the old days made sex feel "boring" and ordinary. He added that he's unsure why he's had so much success with the ladies, but once joked to Bill Maher on the Real Time show in the USA: "Maybe it's the old nose!"