Call The Midwife fans are set to be enthralled as Trixie Franklin and Matthew Aylward’s much-anticipated wedding is finally set to take place during the season 12 finale. Speaking about her character’s special day, Helen George unveiled the filming blunder that turned into a “drama” for one of her co-stars. She admitted that shooting the big ceremony for the much-loved BBC One period drama was a “long day”. Helen went on to reveal that her co-star Megan Cusack, who plays Nancy Corrigan, suffered a wardrobe mishap during their break. She said: “Something did go wrong on the day of filming, too. We’d been given pizzas because everyone was starving. And poor Megan got grease all over her bridesmaid’s dress. “That was a drama,” Helen admitted during a new interview with the Radio Times. Barbara Bosson, Emmy-nominated star of Hill Street Blues, has died aged 83 Fans have been eagerly awaiting the upcoming developments of Call The Midwife, with Trixie and Matthew finally set to exchange vows. The last episode was delayed this week with the BAFTAs replacing the drama’s usual time slot. But so far, fans have seen the BBC drama tackle mental health, domestic violence and the racial tensions in communities following Enoch Powell’s infamous speech. The penultimate episode had tensions running at an all-time high as fans were left fearing for Sister Monica Joan (Judy Parfitt) who took a turn for the worse after falling ill. The grand finale’s preview showed Trixie’s future mother-in-law pay a visit ahead of their big 1960s nuptials. Due to the finale delay, actors Helen George and Olly Rix teamed up with BAFTA for a Q and A video on Instagram to share what people can expect to see in the last episode of the season. When asked what three words would they use to sum up the last instalment, actor Olly Rix revealed it’s “too big” to sum up. Helen commented: “Profound, romantic and community.” Touching on the couple’s upcoming wedding that viewers have been anticipating, the BBC stars were asked if they managed to make it through the event without a hitch. Helen replied: “There’s photographic evidence out there that they get hitched and you know, there are a few teething problems along the way. “There’s a lot of fun to be had with that. We saw the last clip of the show but not the show in its entirety. “The last show is really beautiful, a beautiful shot of all of the community and Matthew and Trixie, it’s a very special moment I think at the end.” It looks as though people can expect to follow Trixie and Matthew into their journey as newlyweds as Call The Midwife has been renewed for a further two seasons. Although the 13th season had already been confirmed in the past, BBC bosses recently revealed fans can expect the show to run until at least 2026. Following the regular format, both seasons 14 and 15 will have eight 60-minute episodes along with the much-loved Christmas specials. Call the Midwife continues Sunday, February 26 on BBC One at 8pm