Mercedes, Red Bull and the other eight F1 teams will be able to spend extra money due to a simple 2023 rule change. Constructors will be able to use £800,000 ($1million) more than last season after F1 bosses decided to extend the number of sprint races from three to six. Last season, teams were allowed to deduct £122,000 ($150,000) per sprint session from their overall yearly costs. They were also given an extra £81,000 ($100,000) allowance if a car was damaged in a sprint race. For 2023, the extra allowance has been increased to £244,000 ($300,000) but they will be handed no extra safety net for crashes. Over the course of the six races, teams will get £1.4m ($1.8m) compared to just $450,000 last season. The FIA announced the changes at December’s World Motor Sport Council meeting in Bologna. READ MORE: F1 chief agrees with new Ferrari boss over calls for rules changes A report from the governing body read: “The World Council also approved several updates and clarifications to the 2023 and 2024 Financial Regulations, including an increase of the forfeit allowance amount for each Sprint session from $150k to $300k from 2023 onwards, and the elimination of any subsequent adjustment for accident damage sustained during the Sprint sessions.” The changes mean accidents sustained in sprint races are unlikely to count towards the team’s end-of-season budget caps. This could be a major boost for teams as spending becomes higher due to inflation. The six sprint races will be held at a mix of traditional venues and new events and spread across the entire length of the 23-race season. The first shorter race will be held in Azerbaijan in April before they feature in Austria, Belgium, Qatar, the United States and Brazil. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen dealt blow as F1 scrap new rule change he liked  [INSIGHT]Valtteri Bottas claims FIA 'want to control' drivers  [COMMENT]David Coulthard backs FIA decision over new 2023 F1 rule change  [ANALYSIS] F1 boss Stefano Domenciali was vital for fans and business with “positive” feedback from the sports promoters and partners. FIA President Mohammed ben Sulayem had hesitated to increase sprint races from three to six last season after financial concerns. He called on Liberty Media to offer a financial contribution to the FIA to increase the number of races. However, the plans have been given the green light this season despite the FIA accepting there had been “no changes” to the commercial terms. Ben Sulayem added: “Thanks to close collaboration with Stefano Domenicali and our colleagues at FOM, we concluded a thorough analysis on the impact of additional Sprint sessions and have adjusted relevant parameters of our work to ensure that they continue to be regulated at the very highest level.”