Mason Mount reportedly doesn't feel valued at Chelsea and could soon decide to continue his career away from the club. Liverpool are at the forefront of desired alternative destinations, but Manchester City and Manchester United are also firmly in the frame. Uncertainty is growing over Mount's future at Chelsea, the club he has played for since the age of six, as contract talks continue to stall. Reports claim the Blues are struggling to overcome stumbling blocks regarding his salary and contract length after he entered the final 18 months of his current deal. Mount still earns £80,000 a week from when he first broke into the senior team under Frank Lampard in 2019. In recent years, he will have felt significantly underpaid while new signings have earned two, three, and, in Raheem Sterling's case, four times as much, despite his status. The two-time Chelsea Player of the Season wants a wage reflecting his importance for both club and country, especially after seeing Reece James land a £250,000-a-week deal in the summer. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man City charged by FA over three incidents in clash  He also doesn't plan to abide by Todd Boehly's marathon contract philosophy, worrying the seven-year deal the American wants him to sign would limit future freedom until his 30s. Mount has strong connections at Stamford Bridge and contributed money to support the academy after Roman Abramovich was hit by sanctions last year. However, according to the Evening Standard, Chelsea's attitude towards his contract is testing his loyalty and desire to be a one-club player 'to the limit'. And despite rejecting interest from elsewhere in the past, Liverpool are emerging as an enticing escape route as the Blues' Premier League rivals sense an opportunity. DON'T MISS Man Utd takeover - Richard Arnold faces sack if Qatar buy clubJurgen Klopp rules four Liverpool stars out vs NewcastleMan City boss Guardiola begins Arsenal mind games with Arteta message Man City have also been credited with an interest, while United manager Erik ten Hag is understood to appreciate his ability after watching him thrive at Vitesse on his first loan in the Netherlands. Mount's problems have been compiled on by his exclusion in Chelsea's last two games, with Graham Potter opting for January signings Enzo Fernandez and Joao Felix. Such decisions won't help him feel any more valued, potentially pushing him closer to the exit door. But Boehly will likely be treating Mount's extension as a priority now that transfer business has been shelved until the summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here