Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has already settled on his top three summer signings, according to reports. The Red Devils have landed nine players since appointing the Dutchman at the end of last season. Yet the 52-year-old is aware he needs more reinforcements as he looks to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. United have backed Ten Hag to the hilt ever since the 52-year-old rocked up as a permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the end of last season. Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen, Casemiro, Antony and Martin Dubravka were all brought in back in the summer. And, in the January transfer window, the Red Devils provided the Dutchman with further signings in the forms of Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer. United have landed those three on loan deals, having reached agreements with Crystal Palace, Burnley and Bayern Munich respectively. And the Manchester Evening News claim Ten Hag has already settled on his summer priorities. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford It’s claimed he wants a goalkeeper, regardless of his current options at Old Trafford. David De Gea is still going strong as he approaches the twilight years of his career, with the club hoping to tie the Spain international down to a new deal on reduced terms. They also have Dean Henderson on their books, too, though the England international may depart permanently if he’s not guaranteed the No 1 jersey. Butland isn’t expected to join United full-time, with the shot-stopper only there to provide competition for De Gea and Tom Heaton. And Heaton himself is expected to be cut loose, with the former Burnley and Cardiff star more of a coach than a player these days. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit United also want a ‘younger midfielder’, too. The club are open to reviving their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong, having originally wanted the Barcelona star over Casemiro. United remain emboldened by his positive relationship with Ten Hag, with the pair previously working together at Ajax. And Jude Bellingham is another option, though Liverpool, Real Madrid and Manchester City are keen on the Borussia Dortmund star as well. A third signing United are eyeing at the end of the campaign is a striker. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract Links to Harry Kane have resurfaced in recent times, with the 29-year-old’s long-term future at Tottenham currently up in the air. Spurs are hopeful Kane will sign a new deal at the club but, given their failure to win any silverware since 2008, they face an uphill battle. Napoli hitman Victor Osimhen is also on United’s radar, though the Serie A giants will demand a huge fee to let him go. And Benjamin Sesko is another potential target, despite the youngster being poised to move to RB Leipzig from Red Bull Salzburg. While United have landed Sabitzer, meanwhile, Paul Merson has delivered a brutal verdict on the deal for the Austria international. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He doesn’t get in the Bayern Munich team, he’s way off that,” the former Arsenal star told Sky Sports. “I know the two in midfield are cemented but if he was that good, he’d be pushing. “Again it goes back to panic. There was no interest in him on January 1, now it’s a panic, Eriksen’s just got injured and it’s a panic and you’re bringing fourth rate Bayern Munich players in. For me, I’m not sure about that. “This lad wasn’t on the radar before, he doesn’t get in the Bayern Munich team. “If I’m a Manchester United fan I’d be looking and thinking he’s not in their first team so why would we want him in our team. “Are there players there already who are better than him?”