BT Sport viewers were left stumped after TV cameras failed to capture the moment a Fiorentina player scored one of the goals of the season. Cristiano Biraghi celebrated with his team-mates after scoring an incredible effort from the halfway line to seal a 3-0 win over Verona, but there was fury inside the stadium in Italy and in the UK too after the broadcasting blunder. It is every TV director's worst nightmare for goal to occur while they are showing replays of a previous chance or incident. And that is exactly what happened when Biraghi caught everyone by surprise, including the commentator, with his piece of ingenuity. Goals from Antonin Barak and Arthur Cabral had already put La Viola firmly in control against relegation-threatened Verona, who are 18th and three points from safety in Serie A, when they won a free-kick in the 88th minute. As play was halted while Roberto Mandragora was down on the floor, some quick thinking from Biraghi saw the full-back seize on the dead ball and strike from a yard over the halfway line, about 50 yards out. The effort appeared to catch everyone off guard, from the referee to the Verona players. And as the ball sailed through the air, goalkeeper Lorenzo Montipo backpedalled in a futile attempt to stop it from flying into his net, diving backwards with an acrobatic last-ditch effort. But the Italian could do nothing to prevent the inevitable from happening. However, BT Sport viewers had no idea what was occurring because the TV director had shown a previous goal opportunity for Verona, who had hit the post. Just as the footage returned to the live match, Biraghi and his Fiorentina team-mates were seen celebrating in the corner with their away fans - and even the commentator had to take some seconds to react to what had happened. Verona were left fuming with the officials after referee Federico La Penna decided to allow the goal to stand, despite footage showing that he had not blown his whistle or given permission for the free-kick to be taken. But the goal would do little to change the outcome of the game as Fiorentina wrapped up a comfortable 3-0 victory with Biraghli's 88thminute strike, which will surely go down as a strong contender for goal of the season. Fans, however, were left bemused by how the incident unfolded on live TV. One Twitter user, @Lol_Fandango, wrote: "Brilliant how the commentator is clearly watching a screen and had no idea about the goal, contained his surprise at how it went in." Another, @AldoLFC, took offence to the goal being awarded: "That's ridiculous, how that is allowed stand? Ref is on his way over to check on the injured player." Meanwhile, @Paul_Fagan83 defended the commentator: "To be fair to the commentator he has done remarkably well in a mad situation. He’s clearly in a studio, presumably in the UK, but has somehow managed to keep the flow of the commentary relatively steady whilst you can tell half of his brain is working over time on what’s happened." BT Sport did at least show a replay of the goal and to their relief, no goals were scored during that particular replay as Fiorentina savoured an important victory and a goal to remember at the Marcantonio Bentegodi stadium.