Barcelona boss Xavi has confirmed Sergio Busquets is back ahead of his side’s clash with Manchester United on Thursday. The Catalan giants drew 2-2 with the Red Devils two days ago. And they’ll go up against Cadiz on Sunday looking to boost their hopes of winning La Liga. Barcelona and United played out a thriller on Thursday night, with both teams impressive during the showdown at the Nou Camp. Marcos Alonso opened the scoring for the Catalan giants but a Marcus Rashford strike and Jules Kounde own goal then put the Red Devils ahead. In the end, Raphinha struck a leveller to ensure Barcelona didn’t fall to defeat. It was a frustrating night for the Catalan giants, however, with Pedri limping out of the showdown in the first half. But, speaking ahead of his side’s clash with Cadiz, Xavi has now confirmed Busquets is back to fill the void. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “He is very important, vital for us,” he said when asked about Pedri. “He makes a difference and gives us a lot, but there are other alternatives. “Franck [Kessie] and Frenkie [De Jong] are doing well and [Sergio] Busquets is back. “I hope we don't find him missing as much as a year ago.” He added: “His absence is always noticeable. We have noticed. He is recovered and it is great news for us.” One player who was unable to score for Barcelona on Thursday night was star striker Robert Lewandowski. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit The 34-year-old has scored just one goal from his last five appearances, a dip for his high standards. But Xavi has defended the veteran and insists the Barcelona star remains as important as ever. “I don't see him as bad, before he was extraordinary and now he's fine,” said the Spaniard. “Maybe we should play with him more, but I'm happy with him because of how he works or moves. “Maybe it's time to take more advantage of it.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here During the showdown against United, Raphinha was visibly annoyed at being forced to come off. The Brazil international was one of Barcelona’s best players but found himself being withdrawn for Ferran Torres late in the game. Xavi has ‘zero doubts’ about the forward, however, and said: “Good. I am the one who has trusted him the most, I asked for it. “He has nine assists. He is fast, he works for the team and scores. “Zero doubts with him, he will succeed for sure.” And Xavi has insisted Cadiz are his sole focus and he’s not looking at the United rematch just yet. “Many things can happen, but I'm not getting ahead of myself, I'll think about Thursday,” he said. “I didn't count on not having Pedri on Thursday or not having Ronald tomorrow.” Barcelona have won 18 of their 21 La Liga matches so far this season. And that means they sit eight points clear of fierce rivals Real Madrid at the summit.