Around 10 million families are due to see an income boost in April through increased Universal Credit payments. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced the plans during last November’s Autumn Statement, and the additional financial support couldn’t come at a better time as it coincides with the expected energy and water bills price rises. Universal Credit is a benefit distributed by the DWP to people who are on a low income or are unemployed and need help with their living costs. How much Universal Credit a person receives depends on their individual circumstance, including age, whether they live in a couple, and whether they have children. Each household gets one ‘standard allowance’ and currently, the rates are as follows: READ MORE: State pension age won't reduce and sum won't rise to £416, says DWP  However, by honouring Mr Hunt’s pledge to raise Universal Credit rates in line with September 2022’s inflation, each standard allowance will see a 10.1 percent uplift. But it should be noted, the childcare cost amount component of the benefit will not see an increase, as this aligns with the childcare element of the Working Tax Credit. The DWP has confirmed the new weekly payment rates in a full online guide of increases for state pensions, benefits and the increased benefit cap on GOV.UK. But to get an idea of the increase in the standard monthly allowance, the rates are as follows: DON'T MISS: Millions are due £900 in cost of living payments in 2023 [INSIGHT]'Get paid to walk' - passive income apps could 'boost' income [EXPLAINED]Brits fall under one of these seven money personalities, study finds [ANALYSIS]    Extra amounts for first and second children Universal Credit claimants with children can be entitled to additional payments to support with added costs. Most claimants only get extra payments for up to two children, but those whose children were born before April 6, 2017, or who were claiming for three or more children before that date can get payments for additional children. First child payments READ MORE: You could still save £444 a month if you're on the average salary  Disabled child payments Parents will disabled children are entitled to further payments to help with costs. Claimants with disabilities or health conditions Britons with certain disabilities or health conditions that limit their ability to work can be eligible for further payments through the Limited Capability to Work component, on top of their standard Universal Credit. Those eligible for the Limited Capability for Work rate will see payments increase from £132.89 to £146.31. The Limited Capability for Work and Work-Related Activity amount will rise from £354.28 to £390.06 The full list of increases, including extra amounts, is available to view here. The new rates will come into effect from April 2023.  The support is available to Britons aged 18 and over and under the state pension age who have £16,000 or less in cash, savings or investments. However, for those who already claim other benefits, Universal Credit is replacing the following: If a person or their partner starts claiming Universal Credit, they’ll stop getting these benefits and tax credits. However, it shouldn’t impact other benefits a person may receive, such as Personal Independence Payment (PIP) or Carer’s Allowance. 