CIA Landlords Insurance ranked cities across Europe, based on the number of job vacancies, the average price of a one-bedroom flat, the price of public transport and crime index. The top-rated city for expats was described as “very affordable”. READ MORE: Flight attendant on what passengers should wear for free upgrade Bucharest, the capital of Romania, was ranked the best city for British expats looking to relocate in Europe. A CIA spokesperson said: “This charming city offers one of the lowest costs of living, expats can rent a one bed flat for just £398.55 per month, or buy one for as little as £2,107.76 per square metre. “Public transport is also very affordable at just £14.41 per month, which is the second cheapest in Europe after Luxembourg, where public transport is free.” Expats may want to look into digital nomad opportunities in Romania, as Bucharest doesn’t have many job vacancies. King Charles III is a firm fan of Romania, and even traces his family tree back to an infamous Transylvanian character. Charles is loosely related to the fearsome Vlad the Impaler, who was thought to be Bram Stoker’s inspiration for Dracula. The King even owns several properties in Transylvania, close to where his colourful relative used to live. Valletta in Malta was Europe’s second highest ranking city and is a great choice for expats looking for a new job. READ MORE: Expats explain reason ‘everything is difficult’ in Germany  Malta’s capital had a whopping 688 job vacancies to every 1,000 people and the average monthly price for a one-bedroom flat is just £822.48. The sunny country also has connections to British Royalty and was said to be Queen Elizabeth II’s favourite holiday destination. The late Queen spent a happy period living in Malta following her wedding to Prince Philip. Meghan Markle can also trace her roots to Malta as her great great grandmother was born there in 1862. Nicosia in Cyprus rounded off the top three best cities and scored particularly well when it came to safety. Expats looking for a higher salary might prefer to relocate to Bern in Switzerland where the average salary per month is £5,012. Many expats in Switzerland work in the financial services industry which has notoriously high salaries. Tallinn, Ljubljana, Zagreb and Warsaw also ranked highly on the list and each offers a lower cost of living than the UK.