Rosi Chapman is the CEO of popular skincare brand Transformulas, whose tagline is “beauty without surgery”, while Dr Ginni Mansberg is the CEO of Esk Skincare. Both women shared the best steps for smooth, plumper skin. Rosi Chapman told Express.co.uk that the first step to looking younger is “to never skip your skincare routine”. She continued: “It is not advised by any skincare experts - your skin is in need of its everyday moisturisers, cleansers and SPF to preserve it against everyday aggressors such as the environment, pollution, grime and dirt in the air. “If your skin is more on the sensitive side, stopping your skincare for even one night could make your skin's protective barrier weaken substantially.” One of the best things one can do to their skin, according to Rosi, is to cleanse regularly. She said: “Cleansing helps to remove the dirt, oil, and make-up that accumulate on the skin throughout the day, which can clog pores and lead to breakouts. “By removing impurities from the skin, cleansing helps to unclog pores, reducing the risk of blackheads, whiteheads, and other types of acne. It promotes a healthy pH balance, prepares skin for other products by removing any barrier that may prevent them from being fully absorbed. “It also helps prevent skin ageing by removing dead skin cells and promoting cell turnover.” Using sunscreen is another way to “protect the skin from the damaging effects of UV rays from the sun, which can cause premature ageing, including fine lines, wrinkles, and age spots”.  Sunscreen “maintains skin's youthful appearance, helping to prevent the signs of ageing caused by sun exposure”. Drinking plenty of water is another important step to add to one’s day, as this “keeps skin plump and hydrated”, according to Rosi. Sleeping enough can help too, and investing in a silk pillowcase “minimises friction and prevents wrinkles”. Rosi added: “Remember, everyone's skin is unique, and what works for one person may not work for another. It's important to pay attention to your skin and adjust your routine as needed.” Dr Ginni Mansberg, a GP and founder of ESK Skincare, explained that when one ages, one’s skin becomes less smooth and plump. One’s skin is no longer as bouncy and bright. To reduce the signs of ageing, Dr Ginni, like Rosi, recommended using sunscreen every day. “It’s never too late to stop UV damage from the sun’s rays,” she said. “Look for a Broad-Spectrum sunscreen that has both UVA and UVB protection. “Your skin needs to be hydrated so a moisturiser will be essential. Within your moisturiser look for key active ingredients that can both protect from and improve signs of ageing. At concentrations between three and five percent, niacinamide has been shown to decrease wrinkles, in part through its action as an antioxidant, but also by building collagen. It also helps reduce trans epidermal water loss in the skin and improve skin elasticity. It also seems to reduce skin sensitivity.” As well as using daily products, there are other simple steps one can take to look younger, according to Rosi. She recommended: “Aim for seven to nine hours of sleep each night to help skin repair and regenerate. “Eat a healthy diet - a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and healthy fats can help to nourish and protect the skin. “Find an exercise routine you really enjoy - regular exercise can improve circulation and help to keep skin looking youthful and glowing. Reduce stress as much as you can too. Chronic stress can increase the production of cortisol, a hormone that can cause skin ageing. Try to reduce stress through activities such as yoga, meditation, or exercise. “Remember, everyone's skin is different and the ageing process is influenced by many factors, including genetics, lifestyle, and environmental exposure,” Rosi added. “A combination of a healthy lifestyle and an individualised skincare routine can help to prevent and reduce the signs of ageing.”