Ricky Gervais has hinted he will be hosting the Brit Awards next year after Saturday night's show was hit with technical errors, with some viewers branding the ceremony "cringeworthy". Piers Morgan also reacted to the British comic's swipe as he urged the AfterLife star to take the reins. Comedian Mo Gilligan, 34, hosted the show which aired live on ITV on Saturday night. Harry Styles opened the Brit Awards 2023 with his huge hit, As It Was, which won song of the year. The former One Direction star was joined by a host of famous faces including Stormzy, Lizzo, Shania Twain, Salma Hayek and a host of other celebrities who attended the star-studded event at London's O2 Arena. Taking to Twitter, Ricky, 61, shared a cheeky video clip of his time hosting the Golden Globes. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos In the short video, he could be heard telling the A-list crowd, "Shut up you disgusting, pill popping, sexual deviant scum." Ricky captioned the post: "Might host The Brits next year," [laughing out loud emoji]. Piers, 57, was one of the first to reply, as he tweeted: "PLEASE." Former EastEnders actress, Lucy Benjamin agreed: "Plz do it, help them out!"(sic)  Musician Andy Crofts replied: "Please, please do!!!" It comes after Brit Awards presenter Mo was forced to issue an apology to Lewis Capaldi for calling him "Sam" by mistake. Introducing the musician to the stage, he said: "Here with his amazing number 1 single Forget Me, it's Sam Capaldi." Mo did apologise for his error shortly after, blaming the strong drinks on offer at the O2 Arena. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex says he's homeless and cheated with an older woman[LATEST]Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos[PICTURES]Stacey Solomon has welcomed her beautiful baby girl with husband Joe[INSTAGRAM] It didn't take long for viewers to complain on social media, as Daz Marshall penned: "My guess is that this will be Mo Gilligan's last time presenting the Brit Awards #Brits2023." Brad fumed: "Worst Brits ever and the ads are a f****g joke, like." Others admitted they "switched off" altogether branding the awards ceremony a "cringefest". Zena tweeted: "#BRITS actually so awkward, been watching for the last three songs and ready to switch off." Dave commented: "Putting it out there now... WORST BRITS EVER #BRITS. Time to switch off!" Pauline shared: "That's Wet Leg been on, may as well switch off now #BRITS." Shopgirl9655 wrote: "I've come to far to switch off now. It's an endurance test, I have to prove to myself that I can watch this cringefest to the bitter end... #Brits2023." The Brit Awards is available to watch on ITVX.