A man's last-minute holiday to Tenerife, Spain turned into a "nightmare" after a minibus ploughed into him and left him in a pool of blood. Dean Ellis, 39, remembers catching a "split second" glimpse of the vehicle's headlights "getting brighter" before waking up in the middle of the road with a crowd of witnesses surrounding him. Dean, who has been bed-ridden since the incident on 27 February, was walking across a zebra crossing when the eight-seater minibus taxi smashed into him after it had been allegedly speeding off the nearby dual carriageway, reported the Manchester Evening News. He is now trying to secure a medical repatriation flight home to Manchester to be back with his family. He, fortunately, purchased insurance to cover the trip. The holiday was a last-minute trip to celebrate his birthday earlier in the month and a chance to get over a recent illness. Dean said: "I had been down to the beach for something to eat and had a pint before walking back to my hotel to chill around the pool. READ MORE: £10 off when you spend £50 in store at The Food Warehouse He added: "All I remembered was seeing the headlights coming towards me getting brighter and hearing the engine noise. It happened in a split second. I then remember hitting my head and then waking up in the road surrounded by blood and paramedics." The taxi driver, who accepted responsibility, said Dean had been in his "blind spot" when crossing the road next to a busy roundabout. Dean sustained three fractures in his spine, a head injury and internal bruising. He has only just been able to walk around the hospital with a hand from his mum who traveled to Tenerife to visit him. He said: "I woke up completely out of breath and was completely winded. I eventually came round and the adrenaline had taken over. Loads of witnesses were running over to me as they had seen what happened. Don't miss... UK's most dangerous places to live ranked in new map [LATEST] Prison reform boss inflicted two decades of torture on her husband [LATEST] Harry and Meghan forced to watch as Camilla 'steals limelight' [LATEST] Doctors told Dean the crash could have been fatal, if it wasn't for his height and build. "I've really had a bad 12 months to be honest and was really looking forward to the trip. It was my little break away and last minute, and it's turned into a nightmare," he said. He said his body is completely covered in cuts and bruises and is suffering from internal bruising, as well as a "huge gash" and five stitches on the back of his head. Dean said: "I have been sat in bed unable to do much else. I just want to be at home with my family. "The most important message to take from all of this is not to go away without insurance. For the sake of £20 you could save yourself thousands of pounds worth of issues." "The most important message to take from all of this is not to go away without insurance. For the sake of £20 you could save yourself thousands of pounds worth of issues." Dean's friends have set up a fundraising page to help Dean's mum pay for the hotel where she is staying to be with Dean in Tenerife and support Dean when he returns as he could be off work for 3 months while his fractures heal. CLICK HERE TO SUPPORT DEAN