He wanted an EU which would prevent another war on European soil. Heath had a terrible war. He took part in the D-Day landings and ran a Royal Artillery gun battery pummelling German forces in northern France during the re-occupation of Europe. He even commanded a firing squad, meting out military justice to a Polish man accused of rape and murder. In our snowflake world where reading Peter Pan is now considered a mental health threat, just take a second to imagine that. Heath, for all his myriad failings, had at least walked the walk - he had seen the horrors of war, that death on a mass and undiscriminating scale which cannot but leave an indelible mark. And he decided the best way to avoid World War 3 was to tie Europe together economically so that going to war in the future would be an act of self-harm for any nation. A secret document FCO30/1048, drawn up when he was Prime Minister and only declassified under the 30-year rule in 2002, correctly predicted the then European Economic Community was headed for economic, monetary and fiscal union, with a common foreign and defence policy and a complete surrender of British sovereignty. Heath shamefully said the Government should keep the British public in the dark as to the truth of what EEC membership really meant, predicting it would take 30 years for voters to realise what was happening by which time it would be too late to leave. So a classic "ends justifying the means" defence. Lying to us all in our best interests as Heath saw them - to stop future wars in Europe. So how's that working out? As the terrible war in Ukraine approaches its first anniversary, with deaths on both sides reaching a quarter of a million, with countless other casualties and the systematic destruction by Russia of a nation-state, you'd have to conclude not awfully well. And at least part of the reason is a tacit appeasement policy by the EU, led I'm afraid, by Germany. Chancellor Merkel's policy of peace through trade was a lovely hippy ideal but it failed to factor in psychotic nationalist madmen. Which, considering her nation's history, might be considered something of an oversight. All it did was create a Germany (and of course a greater EU) reliant on a rogue state. Again, not a good look. This has in turn led to the horrible reality of the EU as a bloc paying Russia more money in the first nine months of the war than ever before in history. About 173Bn euros. Those sanctions are really hitting Moscow hard then. All of which finally brings me to the point. The entire EU raison d'etre has signally failed - peace through trade and indeed appeasement of tyrants has not worked. And sanctions, while welcome, won't end this war. Warplanes might. The indication Britain is ready to send fighter jets to Ukraine is a welcome, if long overdue, development. Zelensky has called for aircraft since day one of this ugly war and we have not listened. Now we must. Most military men will tell you the best war is a short war. Despite what politicians try to believe wars are bloody and people die. But give the fighters the tools to get it done and they can be short - minimising the ultimate death toll. As horrible as it is, this is what Ukraine needs now - the tools to win this conflict, end the bloodshed and send the Russians home. Boris Johnson has long recognised this and called for warplanes - a point he reiterated last night. Now Rishi Sunak is making similar noises. We must send Typhoons and we must send them now. The Typhoon - part built and designed by British Aerospace - was originally called the Eurofighter and was developed with France, Spain and Italy. As you can probably tell from the name its entire point was to defend Europe. If we cannot defend Europe now, then when? Make no mistake if we do not defend Europe now we will have to defend it later... at so much greater cost.