 Megan Fox, 36, sent her followers into a frenzy as she posted an ominous Instagram snap seemingly insinuating her rockstar fiance had cheated on her. As fans poured their theories into the comments section, Megan responded to one speculation with a brutal declaration.  Shortly after appearing together at Drake’s pre-Super Bowl party, Megan Fox shared a post with her two million Instagram followers. Showing off her outfit in a collection of snaps from the evening, none of which featured her fiance, the actress quoted a song from Grammy-winner Beyonce. The caption read: "You can taste the dishonesty/ it’s all over your breath." Megan incited further concern from her followers as she seemingly deleted all but one of the photos on her account featuring Machine Gun Kelly, 32.  As comments poured in, one fan suggested that the singer may have cheated on Megan with the couple’s mutual friend and the singer's guitarist, Sophie Lloyd. They wrote: "He probably got with Sophie," and another replied:"They were flirting big time in the beginning when she first started playing with him." However, Megan savagely slammed the speculation as she replied: "Maybe I got with Sophie.” Megan also unfollowed almost everyone on the platform, aside from rapper Eminem, singer Harry Styles and actor Timothee Chalamet.     Eminem and Machine Gun Kelly have been locked in a notorious feud for years, with both taking shots at the other through their music. Machine Gun Kelly’s 2018 song Rap Devil directly opposed Eminem’s iconic 2013 song Rap God, with one line declaring: “F**k Rap God, I’m the Rap Devil.” As tensions heightened in her fanbase on Sunday, Megan then appeared to deactivate her Instagram account. Some fans speculated that the cryptic post was simply a "PR stunt" to garner interest ahead of the Super Bowl on Sunday evening.  One noted on Twitter after the actress deleted her account: “There's like a 65 percent chance it's to hype up an ad where they're sitting on the couch eating PopChips or something.” Fans quickly deferred to Machine Gun Kelly’s Instagram page, commenting on a selfie the singer posted two weeks ago. Many questioned the singer asking: “What happened with Megan?” and “What did you do?”. One felt the need to alert the singer to some potential competition saying: “Your girl is following Eminem.”  The cryptic post also arrived shortly after Megan praised her fiance on his Grammy nomination, despite ultimately losing the award to Ozzy Osbourne. She wrote a heartfelt tribute on Instagram saying: “You have handled this process with a grace and maturity that I haven’t seen from you before and I’m so proud of you.” Machine Gun Kelly and Megan first met in early 2020 while filming Midnight In The Switchgrass and started officially dating in the spring of that year. Machine Gun Kelly, whose real name is Colson Baker, proposed to the Transformer’s actress in January 2022. Express.co.uk has contacted Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly’s representatives for comment.