Happy Valley is finally coming to an end on BBC One and fans are desperate to know what will happen to Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire). As she tries to protect her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) from the evil Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton), she puts herself in harm's way. But it has been suggested she will not be the one to die in the season's grand finale. In the final episode of Happy Valley, Catherine starts work on her final shift before her retirement. Ryan is set to face the biggest moral dilemma of his life as he questions his father's real motives. While many fans believe Catherine may die trying to protect her grandson, bookmakers Ladbrokes believe it will be Clare's (Siobhan Finneran) boyfriend and fellow recovering alcoholic, Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neill). Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "Happy Valley fans would be simply furious if Catherine Cawood was to die during Sunday night's finale. READ MORE: Next James Bond odds have Happy Valley's James Norton as frontrunner "While it seems obvious that Tommy should be killed off, the odds favour Neil facing a grim exit instead, in a last-minute attempt to heroically win over Catherine." Neil is at odds of 5/4 to be killed off, with Tommy at 6/4 and Catherine at 5/1. The star recently spoke on This Morning to discuss the final episode which he said "blew his mind". He told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: "When I read the script for the last episode, it blew my mind. "Sally [Wainwright] has written an extraordinary ending to the show." None of the actors are in the know when it comes to how the series will end as the final edit has been kept under wraps. Neil has been trying to make amends with Catherine after he and Clare were caught out for helping Ryan visit Tommy in prison. He felt guilty as Catherine cut ties with her sister after her betrayal, and he wanted them to make amends. DON'T MISS... The stars of Happy Valley have addressed the future of the series Here's the stars of Happy Valley's final episode Meet Happy Valley star Sarah Lancashire's twin and siblings Some viewers believe Neil has a chilling link to murderer Tommy, claiming he was the one who gave Tommy Ryan's gaming tag. They also believe Neil could be related to Tommy, which is why he was so invested in taking Ryan to visit him in prison. One viewer shared on Twitter: "Just me who thinks Neil could be Tommy's Dad or somehow related in some way on #HappyValley." Another agreed: "Got a horrible feeling Neil is Tommy Lee Royce’s dad. #HappyValley." There is a chance Neil could confront Tommy directly in an attempt to make him change his mind about Spain. If there really is some history between the two characters, things could get particularly heated. Neil could want to step up and put an end to the feud in a bid to win back Catherine's approval and mend her relationship with her sister. However, it could end badly for Neil with Tommy being better prepared and ready to kill.  Happy Valley concludes tonight on BBC One at 9pm.