Crystal Palace defender Marc Guehi is not expecting to return to Chelsea in the not-too-distant future amid interest in his signature from Tottenham, according to reports. The 22-year-old has emerged as a crucial player for Palace since joining the Eagles in 2021 and has managed to get himself in and around the England first-team setup during his time at Selhurst Park as a result of his consistently strong performances at club level. Tottenham have recently been credited with an interest in bringing Guehi to north London in advance of next season as Antonio Conte looks to strengthen his defensive ranks when the bidding opens at the end of the current campaign. However, there is a chance that Chelsea could decide to enter the race to sign their former player if they decide that he would be a shrewd addition to Graham Potter's squad at some point further down the line.That's according to the Evening Standard, who claim that the Blues do not have a buy-back clause but could take advantage of their option to match any successful bids should they opt to bring Guehi back to Stamford Bridge. The player himself is not said to be thinking about the possibility of returning to his old club, though, after seeing them sign the likes of Benoit Badiashile, Wesley Fofana and Kalidou Koulibaly over the last six months.Guehi is reportedly held in the highest regard by Palace manager Patrick Vieira and would certainly not come cheaply for any interested club as a result of his importance to his current employers. He would be easier for Tottenham and Chelsea to sign than a player like Josko Gvardiol, though, with the Croatian defender having been tipped to move for a nine-figure fee after recently penning a new deal at RB Leipzig. JUST IN: NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier League Guehi's contract at Palace is set to expire in the summer of 2026 as things stand, leaving Palace with a degree of freedom to reject any bids that fall below their valuation of the player in the summer. However, it remains to be seen whether they will be able to keep hold of their prized asset for an extended period of time or if he will end up leaving the club for pastures new when the season draws to a close.Tottenham were initially linked with a move for Guehi last summer but opted to steer clear of the former Chelsea ace, instead bringing Clement Lenglet to the club on a season-long loan deal from Barcelona. Former Spurs goalkeeper Paul Robinson insisted at the time that Guehi was unlikely to join the club as a result of their preference to utilise the European market, with director Fabio Paratici often partial to raiding the Italian leagues for new players. "Not for me, Guehi is a good player but he’s had one good season," Robinson told Football Insider when quizzed on the possibility of the defender joining Tottenham."It would be a difficult deal for Spurs to do from Palace. I think the Italian market is one they will more likely try to exploit than the English market. Guehi has had a really good season in a transformed Palace side, they will not want to break up a team that has only just started under Patrick Vieira." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.