Martin Brundle has questioned Red Bull chief Christian Horner's "odd" claim that the pairing of Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez is the "best" the team has ever had. Horner has been Red Bull's team principal since they entered the sport in 2005 and, despite the success the pairing of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber brought them with four consecutive F1 world title and constructors' championship win, he feels Verstappen and Perez have already surpassed them in their two seasons together. "We're very lucky we've got two fantastic drivers and you know their combined efforts the last two years have been stunning," Horner said at the launch of Red Bull's new car for the upcoming 2023 season. "That first drivers' world championship for Max in '21 and then the double championship last year and winning 17 Grands Prix between the two of them. First and third in the drivers' championship and, of course, bringing home that constructors' championship back to Oracle Red Bull Racing for the first time in eight years. JUST IN: Ricciardo explains Red Bull decision after Aussie denied home reunion "And, you know, these guys, I think it's the best pairing we've ever had in Formula 1. It's been hugely successful. "We're going to need every bit of that this year as we go against some big opponents, with the other teams looking to come back at us after such a dominant season last year, but we're very fortunate to have to two such talented drivers." However, Brundle has questioned Horner's assertion they are Red Bull's "best" pairing ever, suggesting it is because Perez is "more compliant" than Vettel or Webber. Speaking on Sky Sports F1, he said: "What does Christian mean when he says 'best'? DON'T MISSMax Verstappen opens up on Netflix showdown talks after disagreementHorner details Ferrari phone call and rejects Red Bull hiring BinottoRed Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to suspicions' "Does he mean they fit together well as a combo? In other words, that Sergio is probably a little bit more compliant than perhaps Mark Webber or Sebastian Vettel would have been. "So, odd in that respect, but Christian's got the data and that's what he thinks, and he's the boss. But if they're the two you've got going into the season ahead, why not say nice things about them?"