 Marie Osmond, 63, remarried her first husband, Steve Craig, after not seeing him for 25 years following their divorce in 1985. The TV star said their reunion has been “the best thing in the world” after she insisted she wouldn’t remarry after divorcing her second husband.  Marie got a second chance at her first love as they remarried in 2011, after some help from their son, and the singer shared just how content she is in their relationship this time around. Speaking to Fox News Digital, the TV personality claimed it was a “miracle” that she managed to reunite with Steve. She admitted there’s “a lot of things that go into play” when it comes to making a marriage last. However, Marie also noted this second chance has left both her and Steve “at a place where we appreciate each other more than ever”  Gushing over her beloved, the singer noted laughter is integral in their marriage, adding: “He’s my best friend. He knows me deeply and vice versa. He’s a good person. We have fun. “We love to laugh. We love to play, we love to do nothing. “We feel very blessed to have had a second chance. “It truly is a miracle. I mean, I never saw him for 25 years. Crazy."  The Paper Roses singer originally wed former basketball player Steve Craig in 1982 when she was just 22 years old. Marie met Steve as a teenager and tied the knot shortly after she catapulted to fame with her variety show Donny and Marie. Barely a year after they got married, the celebrity couple welcomed their son Stephen Craig, now 39. However, their idyllic family life didn’t last long and their marriage ended in 1985.     Marie swiftly moved on, marrying actor Brian Blosil in 1986 and seemed to be a bit luckier in love this time around as their union lasted over two decades. The couple shared two biological children and adopted five more, but when their relationship ended in 2007 the singer notably declared that she “never wanted to be married again”. After their relationship ended, Marie admitted to People that she may have rushed into the relationship and warned: “You have to be so careful not to jump into a relationship after you’ve been through a sad one. “You really need time on your own. And you need to know that you’re a good person in order to find a good person.”  Despite her insistence on avoiding marriage, and having spent 26 years without seeing her first husband, Marie and Steve rekindled their romance through the help of their son. With their love reignited, the couple wed once again in 2011, just a month before their son’s own wedding. She shared with People in 2019 that having a second chance at her first marriage put many things into perspective. Marie said: “You realize things you thought were so important, aren’t," she reflected. "I love being with my husband. He is the sweetest man I know.”