The North Korean defector warned the United States is at risk of becoming a new North Korea because of the education offered in Ivy League institutions. Yeonmi Park said the "woke" curriculum being taught in top colleges could "absolutely" be compared to the "indoctrination" she received whilst she still lived in the rogue nation. Park reported a pattern of similarities between the educational system in the United States and in North Korea. She said: "The things that I was learning at Columbia University really shocked me because it was the exact same thing that my North Korean teachers were brainwashing me in the classroom. "They were literally saying that all the problems that we have are because of capitalism, because of white men, and the solution for all these problems is a communist revolution in the name of equity. "It's really funny to this day to me that somehow not having a problem is a problem." She lamented that former classmates often complained about issues despite them not being a problem and highlighted the stark difference between the opportunities offered to privileged US students compared to her countrymen. JUST IN: Xi Jinping shoots himself in the foot as Chinese spy balloon 'proves US warnings' Park continued: "They literally create a problem out of nowhere and create injustice out of thin air… "Their oppression is that somehow we cannot catch up with their ever-growing non-grammatical pronouns, and that's the biggest oppression they face. "And they'll continue somehow that there's no free health care, no free education, no free house, no universal income, nothing is free in this world. "And… I ask them like, what is it about America that you hate so much?" READ MORE: Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns She told Fox News: "And they said that they hate America because there's inequality. Inequality is a sign of progress. "Inequality means you can rise, and there are other people in North Korea like me, watching my family members who are poverty, the enemies of poverty, and they don't say that." Ivy League colleges have come under fire over the selection of their syllabus in recent years, and questions have been raised about the topics students are being exposed to. The Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression (FIRE)'s latest report on free speech across 486 US colleges and universities claimed a majority of schools restrict free speech or limit access to alternative resources to the canonical syllabus. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] The report awarded 94 institutions a "red light" ranking, the mark reserved for colleges with policies widely restricting the freedom of expression of students. Another 324 universities were found to have vague rules of speech freedom. The FIRE report stated that “almost 90 percent of colleges maintain policies that infringe on free speech rights." Delaware State University was found to have adopted a policy limiting Internet use to students who could "cause offence to others." And Bates College passed a policy that would take "remedial and supportive actions" against students reported for bias, including "education and training." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews