Arne Slot has given his verdict on the potential of Alfred Schreuder replacing Jesse Marsch days after he rejected Leeds. The Whites are still searching for the permanent successor to Marsch who was sacked last Monday. Slot became the latest manager to turn down an approach from Leeds at the end of last week. The Dutchman wants to stay at Feyenoord as they compete on three fronts this season. His compatriot Schreuder is now a strong contender to take over at Elland Road. The 50-year-old, who was sacked by Ajax in January, was at Leeds' 2-0 defeat to Manchester United on Sunday. He has held talks over becoming their new manager. And just days after he rejected Leeds, Slot has given a glowing verdict of both the club and their potential next boss. READ MORE: Chelsea icon Terry hits back at Potter theory in ruthless response  Speaking to NOS on Sunday, Slot said: "Leeds are a wonderful club. Few trainers are given the opportunity to work in the Premier League. "You had [Erik] Ten Hag, [Ronald] Koeman and [Louis] Van Gaal. Quite a nice list to get into. And then I forget Frank de Boer’s few matches at Crystal Palace. Leeds would be a wonderful club for Alfred." Schreuder has spent the majority of his coaching career as an assistant. He had a brief spell in charge of Club Brugge last year before replacing Ten Hag at Ajax. Meanwhile, Leeds caretaker boss Michael Skubala hopes an appointment is made soon. He said: "I think it's helpful for everybody. I think it's helpful for everybody that everybody knows which direction of travel we go in. DON'T MISSRangers let opponents walk ball into net from kick-off after 20-man brawlCasemiro has received punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real MadridMan Utd boss Ten Hag may drop three players for Barcelona clash  "But in the same sense I think the players are calm, the staff are calm and everybody else was calm. So as long as it takes, I think the club needs to make the right decision and make sure that we get ourselves up this league and stay in the Premier League." Leeds face a trip to Everton on Saturday but Skubala isn't sure if he will be in charge. He added: "I’m not expecting anything at the moment. "I think it's quite clear. I've been quite clear about trying to do the best job I can in the short space of time and set the team up and probably sit down tomorrow with the board and Victor [Orta] and Angus [Kinnear] and co and have a chat but we'll go from tomorrow I think."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here