Policing in the UK needs a "complete overhaul" for women to feel safe again as campaigners call for the Metropolitan Police to be "held to account" over its failure to recognise the crimes of serial rapist David Carrick. Leader of the Women's Equality Party Mandu Reid called for the Government and police to "stop apologising" and instead started addressing the "misogyny baked into the police".  Former firearms officer Carrick was handed 36 life sentences and will serve a minimum of 30 years behind bars for his horrific crimes. The 48-year-old admitted 48 offences, including 24 counts of rape, against 12 women over a 17-year period. The court heard that he used his "power and control" to carry out the attacks on "vulnerable" women and stop them from reporting him. But Ms Reid said the force must address the "big picture" and be held to account. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: "I am thinking about the Met today, and all the ways they failed these women. "They missed at least nine opportunities to stop Carrick over two decades, revealing an enduring culture of misogyny in their ranks. "They must be held to account for their failures and that means addressing the big picture. "It feels like not a day goes by without yet another news story about yet another police officer being accused of hurting women. Enough is enough." Carrick joined the Met in 2001 before becoming an armed officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009. He passed vetting checks to guard sites including embassies and the Houses of Parliament and completed training courses, including one on domestic abuse in 2005. The force was forced to apologise and admit Carrick "should not have been a police officer" after it emerged he came to police attention over nine separate incidents between 2000 and 2021 - and was known to colleagues as "B****** Dave". READ MORE: Nicola Bulley searchers told to stop 'breaking into empty properties' Ms Reid called on politicians and police to work together to prevent more women having to suffer in silence. She said: "Politicians and police leaders need to stop apologising and start addressing the misogyny baked into the police that allows men like Carrick to abuse their power to commit violent crime. "The Women’s Equality Party is calling for a complete overhaul of policing.” During a two-day sentencing hearing the court heard two of Carrick's victims were kept in a small cupboard under the stairs in Carrick's home while others were urinated on or attacked with a belt. Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb, sentencing said he took "monstrous advantage of women". She continued: "You brazenly raped and sexually assaulted a number of women, some very brutally and you behaved as if you were untouchable. "You were bold and at times relentless, trusting that no victim would overcome her shame and fear to report you. "For nearly two decades, you were proved right but now a combination of those 12 women, by coming forward, and your police colleagues, by acting on their evidence, have exposed you and brought you low. "You have lost your liberty, your job and your status. You have before you the prospect of a difficult time in custody for many years."