Warning: This article contains spoilers about season three of Happy Valley. Happy Valley fans have been speculating for weeks about how the BBC police drama will end for Sergeant Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) and the other main characters. The final ever episode airs on Sunday night and some viewers are certain vile rapist Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) will finally get his comeuppance.  Tommy was still at large by the end of episode five of season three and desperate for his 16-year-old son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to flee to Spain with him. However, Ryan was told - very frankly - just how evil his father is by police officer Ann Gallagher (Charlie Murphy) who was kidnapped and raped by the murderer in season one. Will Ryan ignore Ann's warnings or could the youngster help his grandma Catherine and her police team track down Tommy to make sure he rots in a prison cell? A teaser trailer for the finale is only 16 seconds long, but it shows Tommy's face covered in blood, Ryan talking to detectives and Catherine doubled over crying in her police uniform. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital Viewers have been sharing their theories on Reddit following episode five, with one user suggesting: "I imagine it going like: Tommy is about to kill Catherine, Ann faces her demons and gets involved but ultimately isn't able to stop Tommy. "Ryan will see firsthand the person Tommy really is, and put a stop to him himself. "It's mentioned they're leaving from Dover, so I'm thinking of a standoff at the cliffs, and Tommy's going over. "What if Neil tackles Tommy off the cliff?  "Tommy asked him if he would want to go skydiving as well, and Neil said he was too old. "[It] would show that Neil, deep down, did have backbone after all, and would offset taking Ryan to see Tommy." Mercia replied: "I think you could be spot on with this. However, I don’t think she will ever be back to how she was with Clare. "I think they’ll patch it up but go on to live their own lives separately, they basically co-parented Ryan for 16 years and now there’s no need for them to live in each other's pockets, especially now Clare has Neil. DON'T MISS...POLL: Should Happy Valley continue for a fourth series? [VOTE]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ Alison’s role in Tommy's ending [UPDATE]Dan Walker shares dark Happy Valley finale theory as fans agree [LATEST] "I think she will leave Clare to stand on her own two feet as she’s tired of carrying everyone around her." Viewers will find it hard to forget the cutting scene last Sunday when Catherine told Clare some home truths after realising Tommy was on the run. Catherine pushed her sister away since learning she'd been taking Ryan to see Tommy in prison behind her back. Catherine left Clare speechless when she told her they had nothing in common and insulted Neil Ackroyd (Con O'Neill) and her "dependent" personality.  Is it too late for the sisters to reconcile, or do Clare and Neil have a chance at redemption in the show's highly-anticipated finale? There are many loose ends which need tying up, but will writer Sally Wainwright be able to wrap the series up in a neat bow, or will she leave some elements unresolved? However it ends, Sally has confirmed episode six of series three is the last ever instalment of Happy Valley. Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 