Meghan Markle and Prince Harry should be "very concerned" that their popularity is plummeting, according to a royal experts, as American media begins to pick the Duke and Duchess apart. The raunchy, and often satirical show South Park was the latest US household name to savage the Sussexes, depicting the pair as a whiny couple who loudly beg for privacy. The episode follows the Prince and Princess of Canada, however the veil is thin. The prince has Harry's red hair and has written a book titled "Waaagh" while the princess wears a dusky pink outfit similar to the outifit Meghan wore at the 2018 Trooping of the Colour. The episode repeatedly slams the Sussexes, or rather the Prince and Princess of Canada, with one of the main characters, Stan, branding the cartoon equivalents a "dumb prince and his stupid wife". However, more than just being publicly mocked, royal experts have warned the Sussexes that the tide may be turning on them in the US as they become the butt of the joke. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said the Sussexes should be "very concerned" after South Park "went for the jugular".  "Harry and Meghan are obsessed with being in control of the narrative and we've recently seen them attack the Royal Family over a period of weeks when they knew the response would be silence," Mr Fitzwilliams told MailOnline. He added that "the sight of a cartoon version of Harry and Meghan storming off a television show after the interviewer criticizes them, chanting 'we want privacy'...is hilarious". "When they move to South Park, their neighbour Kyle says 'Its seriously driving me crazy. I'm sick of hearing about them. I can't get away from them'. I think he speaks for many millions," the commentator added. This sentiment appears to have been reflected publicly. Last month, a Newsweek poll following the release of Spare showed the Sussexes popularity falling off a cliff in the United States. READ MORE: King Charles's 'odd' Meghan and Harry coronation decision  Other experts have echoed Mr Fitzwilliams' comments about Meghan and Harry. US based GB News royal correspondent Kinsey Schofield claimed "people are tired" of the Sussexes. "What they're saying is, these two are not sincere people, they say that they want their privacy while going on every television show, writing books, doing six hours of Netflix," she told the outlet. She added: "They broke it down and said....they're not very likeable...people are tired of them." At one point in the show, the Prince and Princess of Canada go on Good Morning Canada to promote the Prince's book, Waaagh. The couple come on the show with large banners reading "we want privacy" and "stop looking at us". DON'T MISS:Harry's rift is a 'dark cloud' hanging over King's head [INSIGHT]Prince Harry not used to 'anyone answering him back', says expert [ANALYSIS]Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' [REPORT]  The host asks the prince if, by reporting on the cartoon royal family, he hasn't become a journalist himself, a profession he despises. "We just want to be normal people - all this attention is so hard," the prince replies. When challenged by the host, the couple storms off of the set. Mr Fitzwilliams claimed their is a "poetic justice" in the way the Sussexes were portrayed with "such accuracy" on South Park. "Yes, the humour is cruel, but so is their behaviour. They demand to be taken seriously and deserve to made fun of," he added. All episodes of South Park are availible in the UK on the streaming service Paramout+. 