Aries You’ve got a lot on your plate. Sometimes it feels you have too much to do and not enough time to do it in. If a friend or colleague offers to come to your rescue by taking over some of your responsibilities, accept their offer with graciousness. Taurus Problems you had been expecting will not occur. Worries and doubts about things going wrong will have been a waste of your time and energy as these are now proven to be unfounded. In fact, most things will go almost too smoothly for you to believe. Gemini Your intuition is spot on. You will do well to trust your inner voice. You have one eye on your work and the other on the activities that are going on around you so there is little chance that anything will escape your notice. Cancer If a housemate has not been responsible with finances, now is the time to do something sensible and practical about it. It might feel like you have hit a point where you have to go into debt just to meet your basic needs. You’re doing your best not to let things get out of hand. Leo Be patient with people who may not agree with you. You can be stubborn when you want to be. Make an extra effort in the workplace to please those in charge. If someone tries to tell you what to do, keep a hold of your temper. Virgo It can feel sad to have to say goodbye to someone you have worked with for a long time. Whether in a professional or volunteer capacity they will announce they are ready to move on. Just like them, it might be time for you to start looking ahead to the next place where your talents can be applied.   Libra The pace will be more hectic than you had anticipated. It seems like you are the one who has to finish a task you took on jointly with another. This will keep you on your toes and you won’t be surprised when by this evening you are feeling tired and even slightly sorry for yourself. Scorpio There’s a slight feeling of envy at the recent achievements of a friend or colleague even though you won’t want to admit this even to yourself. As it is this might not actually be a bad thing as seeing other people succeed could be an incentive to fulfil your own goals. Sagittarius A surprise invitation will get you thinking about your friendships. Someone you haven’t seen for ages will get in touch and you are starting to see they are more important to you than you have realised. If you parted on a tense note, this is your chance to make amends.   Capricorn Finances need attention. Your first thought will be to keep on top of priority debts like rent, mortgage and essentials. Your dilemma is: do you run up a debt or do you stay out of debt and do without? The rising costs of living are having financial consequences. Aquarius Whatever your opinion of a colleague or someone you are required to work closely with in a voluntary capacity, you are going to have to find a way to cope together. So, if you don’t, as a rule, get on well with each other, it will be necessary to make an effort to do so. Pisces If there is a private or romantic issue that needs to be sorted out, it will be resolved more easily and swiftly if you are able to get away from your usual surroundings. Sometimes you have to isolate yourself a little in order to be able to think more clearly.      