“It’s all because we left the EU” scream the usual (ill informed) suspects on social media who blame all of Britain’s current ailments on the fact we escaped the clutches of those unelected bureaucrats in Brussels. “We told you this would happen” they cry. Well, yes they did tell us that back in 2016. It wasn’t true then and it sure as Hell isn’t true now. But the situation is so bad now it’s been suggested that we start rationing people. OK so before I get into the Brexit nonsense I’d like to say that I hope supermarkets DO ration people. During the pandemic we saw the very best of human nature but we also saw the very worst. Remember those greedy, selfish people who couldn’t be trusted to buy sensible amounts of products that were in short supply? They filled their trolleys sky high with jumbo packs of toilet rolls to the point they could barely get them into their cars. So if rationing means stopping those thoughtless oiks and making sure everyone gets a bit of something - that’s fine by me. Okay, to the Brexit myth. The current shortage of tomatoes has nothing whatsoever to do with it.It’s to do with heavy rain, floods and cold snaps that have whipped through Morocco and Northern Spain on which we (foolishly) rely for most of our winter produce. That has impacted on the tomatoes’ ability to ripen. So not enough tomatoes. It really is as simple as that. “But the shelves in Europe are full” scream the gloating Remainers. Well the particular shelf they took a picture of might have been but it seems perfectly sensible that if Spain has a shortage of tomatoes they’re not going to send them all to Britain. They’re going to keep them for themselves. Okay, so while Brexit isn’t to blame for the current shortages - this Government and supermarkets retailers are! Wasn’t the whole point of leaving the EU so that we could become self-sufficient? So why aren’t we? Nearly seven years after we voted to leave we still haven’t weaned ourselves off our dependence on Spain and Morocco for winter produce. Why? Why has there been no forward planning? Many British growers didn’t even bother putting tomatoes in the ground last year because they knew they couldn’t afford the energy to help them grow. So why isn’t the Government helping with that? Why isn’t it with farmers to make sure they can supply us with much of what we need in the way of vegetables? The National Farmers’ Union warned there’d be a fruit and veg shortage last year but clearly no-one was listening. A spokesman for the NFU said recently that supermarkets are also to blame. He claimed retailers don’t want to pay higher prices to cover the cost of producing here in Britain all year round. “Supermarkets chose not to support British growers over the winter and decided to increase imports from Morocco instead,” he said. And right there’s the reason we have no tomatoes - zero forward planning by this Government and greed by supermarkets. And staying with supermarkets - while I accept research from the LSE’s Centre for Economic performance which says Brexit has added almost £6bn to UK food bills thanks to border delays, red tape and other costs increasing the price of food by about three percent-per-year (we always knew there’d be adjustment problems after leaving the trading block in January 2021) that doesn’t explain why food prices have gone up way more than that. Do many of you think like me that some supermarkets are profiteering on the back of what is already a bad situation? I sure as Hell do. Because my shopping bill has gone up by a damn sight more than three percent-per-week. We keep hearing Rishi saying he’s determined to make Brexit work – well he can start by supporting our growers here in Britain who, if they’d had help these past few years (but particularly this year) would have been able to supply us with all of the tomatoes we needed.