Gary Neville has revealed he was snubbed by the Glazers when he tried to interview the Manchester United owners. The Red Devils had a shambolic start to the season, losing to Brighton and Brentford. But it was Erik ten Hag who then agreed to face the media - with the Dutchman since working wonders over at Old Trafford. Manchester United have been owned by the Glazers ever since 2005. And they’ve rarely spoken publicly in the years since, with the Red Devils falling from grace ever since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Now, speaking on Sky Sports’ The Overlap, Neville has revealed he tried to speak to the Glazers earlier in the season. United shipped six goals in their opening two league fixtures as they were outplayed and outclassed by Brighton and Brentford. Yet Neville has revealed he was turned down - which is why Ten Hag agreed to speak in front of the cameras instead. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “After Manchester United lost 4-0 to Brentford, it was the end of the world,” he said. “The owners were coming under massive pressure. Protests were big. “We requested to speak to the owners, first and foremost. We wanted to interview them – the owners don’t stand up, so we said we have to speak to someone prominent at the club. “Erik ten Hag was the one that stood up, and he went up massively in our estimations that week. Not just how he dealt with us personally, off camera, but how he answered the questions. “And they went on to win the game against Liverpool and turn it around. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “It was unbelievable, and I know some United fans think we give him a really hard time – we had to that week. United fans were giving the club the hardest time. He was the senior figure that the club put up, and we had to ask him those questions. “In the most difficult period I’ve seen a manager in recent times, he stood up and threw his chest out, and he believed he should be there.” Ten Hag has led United to a resurgence, with the Red Devils a team transformed since his appointment. But Neville also thinks predecessors Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer deserve credit as well. “Manchester United will be challenged to get into the top four by all these fixtures that they have [coming up],” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “They have the cup final [against Newcastle], the Barcelona games, still in the FA Cup – that will be an issue and they will dip off, but they will hang on in there. “The spirit is good, and they are in a decent place in this moment of time. “United being back [to their best] – I don’t buy into that. Jose [Mourinho], Ole [Gunnar Solskjaer] and [Erik] ten Hag have taken United to be back where they are now. “Ten Hag has all the hallmarks of a manager who might take them that step further in the next two or three years, but the rest have struggled once they got that second and third position to maintain it and they’ve dipped.” And he added: Manchester United fans shouldn’t get carried away and should be happy with improving enormously since the start of this season, and even last season. “[Erik] ten Hag is building a good bridge, but [Louis] van Gaal, Jose and Ole, have all had seasons like Ten Hag’s having now. “He’s made some good decisions in tough circumstances in the first six months. “The Harry Maguire situation, Cristiano Ronaldo, losing the first few games, the transfer window was really poor – so he’s had challenges and he’s dealt with them well.”