Coco Gauff and Emma Raducanu will once again compete at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in April - and a Porsche Taycan Turbo S Sport Turismo is up for grabs as the main prize. The rising stars will play alongside other top players such as the world No 1 Iga Swiatek, the Australian Open champion Aryna Sabalenka and Caroline Garcia, the winner of the 2022 WTA Finals. In the minds of all the experts, Gauff's career will continue its upward trend. A place in the US Open quarter-finals also played a big part in helping her to qualify for the WTA Finals containing the year’s eight most successful players. She has also started the new season with a win in Auckland, her third career title. The American has good memories of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix as she partnered Shuai Zhang to the doubles final in the Porsche Arena last year. In contrast to other top players who mainly concentrate on their singles careers, Gauff often plays doubles. It is something she really enjoys and does with success as she and Jessica Pegula secured doubles titles last year in Doha, Toronto and San Diego, as well as last week in Doha. As one of the youngest players ever, she achieved the feat of being ranked simultaneously in the top five of the singles and doubles. Ahead of the tournament, Gauff said: "I always love coming to Stuttgart. The quick indoor clay court is right up my street and the tournament is something special on the WTA Tour. "The crowd creates a fantastic atmosphere and supports all the players." Similarly, Emma Raducanu made tennis history in 2021. At the US Open in New York, the Porsche Brand Ambassador became the first ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam. At last year’s Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, she made a successful clay-court debut when playing impressively to reach the quarter-finals. In the last eight, she however succumbed after a hard-fought match to the eventual tournament winner Swiatek. Raducanu is eagerly awaiting her return to Stuttgart, to an event which she calls "one of the best tournaments on the calendar". She added: "The Porsche Arena’s Centre Court is brilliant. I’m also looking forward to a drive or two in a Porsche sports car and experiencing more of the brand, like visiting the factory." With the tournament confirmed for mid-April, director Markus Günthardt said: "We’re delighted that Coco and Emma have confirmed their coming. They are two fantastic prospects and will enrich our event. "Coco stood in last year’s doubles final, and Emma is a Grand Slam champion. Despite the tough competition at the tournament, both definitely have the potential to be in the running this year for the singles title."