Lionel Messi continues to light up European football with Paris Saint-Germain after another stunning finish against Toulouse, leading football fans to once again question whether there should be even be a debate to decide the 'GOAT'. While Cristiano Ronaldo gets to grips with his new club Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia, the Argentinian star produced a piece of magic to help his side beat Toulouse on Saturday. Branco van den Broomen had given the visitors a shock lead at the Parc des Princes before Morocco star Achraf Hakimi levelled the score on 38 minutes, with Messi a quiet presence in the first half. But with the hour mark approaching and PSG locked in a stalemate at 1-1 with their lowly opponents, the 35-year-old stepped up to the plate. The World Cup winner waited on the edge of the box for the ball to come his way and with a short run-up, he placed a sublime effort into then bottom corner from 25 yards to beat goalkeeper Maxime Dupe. It means the playmaker has now recorded 10 goals and 10 assists for PSG this season already in just 18 appearances in Ligue 1, a total only bettered by his PSG team-mate and close pal Neymar, who has 12 goals and 10 assists. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo agreed that Lionel Messi 'stole' last Ballon d'Or The seven-time Ballon d'Or winner is the heavy favourite to land the prize again after his heroics in Qatar to help Argentina end their 36-year wait for a third World Cup triumph. And he reminded fans again why he is now considered to be ahead of Ronaldo in the debate to decide who is the greatest player in football history. Ronaldo and Messi went toe-to-toe for years at Real Madrid and Barcelona as the two titans of football battled annually to be crowned the greatest. Despite their tense rivalry and occasional clashes on the pitch, the pair have managed to keep an amicable relationship over the years. But Ronaldo's gradual decline on the pitch means the pair are no longer on the same level after the Portuguese veteran sealed a lucrative switch to join Al-Nassr in December. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo bags first Al-Nassr goal but misses sitterWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedRonaldo hopes of Al-Nassr reunion with two Real Madrid stars dashed The 37-year-old, who turns 38 on Sunday, terminated his contract with Manchester United after falling out of favour under Erik ten Hag and penned an eye-watering £175m-a-year contract with the Saudi Pro League outfit. Many expected Ronaldo to enjoy a goal glut in the Arabian gulf after scoring over 800 goals in his illustrious career. But so far, his move to the Riyadh-based club has not gone quite to plan. Ronaldo did score impress in his first game for the Saudi All Stars in a friendly against Messi's PSG, scoring twice in their 5-4 defeat, while Messi also got his name on the scoresheet. But he has notched only once for Al-Nassr in his three appearances so far - from the penalty spot - and has generally looked off the pace for his new club. With Messi set to chase down his all-time Champions League goalscoring record next, Ronaldo may have to concede defeat in the GOAT debate once and for all if he is surpassed by his friendly foe. FREE £2 shop bet in WIlliam Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express.Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!