However, it seems one prank in the upcoming new ITV series might have got a bit out of hand. A favourite feature of ITV classic Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway sees the Geordie duo playing tricks on famous faces, but as the pair joined The One Show on Thursday, Ant admitted he "felt sorry" for their latest target Alison Hammond, as it was revealed she "almost walked" during the disastrous prank. Fans of Saturday Night Takeaway, which has aired since 2002, look forward to the hilarious hidden cameras that see Ant and Dec being able to pull off pranks on celebrities. However, it seems This Morning presenter Alison almost ruined the hoax by walking away. The two hosts had gotten the ITV star to check into a hotel, supposedly under the guise of a work project. Little did Alison know, they had made the hotel as spooky as possible to convince the 48-year-old it was haunted. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence As the duo joined Alex Jones and Ronan Keating on The One Show, Ant and Dec watched some highlights from the prank. It saw Alison adamant she was going to leave as she was certain the hotel was haunted. Later footage saw her spooked as she screamed, and the presenters admitted they felt "sorry for her". "I actually feel a bit sorry for her, watching that, if I'm honest," Ant admitted.  "Dec, these pranks, they're so high risk - and that looked like it was going to go wrong," Ronan stated. "Yeah, she was nearly leaving!" Alex remarked, to which Dec confessed: "That is the one that nearly went absolutely haywire. Because the hotel - it was supposed to be an overnight stay - she got as far as reception and she was like, 'I'm not staying here, this place is too spooky.' "She got out, got in the car, and said, 'Take me home.' We're like, 'She can't go home!' We've set the whole place up, we've got hidden cameras everywhere!" He added: "And she was like, 'No, I'm not going back in.'" DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson breaks viewing records for Prime Video despite column [LATEST]The Apprentice star urges Alan Sugar to make change [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale couple ripped apart over Leyla Harding's huge mistake [SPOILER] Ant, 47, explained: "We had to ring the producer from This Morning and say, 'Just get her into the restaurant for a drink at least and then we'll try and get her to stay at the hotel.' "We then had to ring the driver and say to the driver, 'There's another job for you down the road' just to get them away so she had no car to go to. "We had to do anything we could just to keep her there." "That is the one that very nearly didn't happen, the closest it's been to falling apart," Dec recalled. Thankfully, it seems the troublesome two managed to pull off the scary prank. Fans hoping to see the outcome of the brutal joke will have to tune into the new series of the popular show. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One, while Saturday Night Takeaway returns to ITV on Saturday at 7pm.