 Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been criticised for her Government’s policy surrounding the placement of transgender prisoners. A new Express.co.uk poll has found that 95 percent of readers oppose all who identify as a female having access to women-only spaces.  The Scottish Government has faced controversy after trans woman and double rapist Isla Bryson, who was convicted while living as a man, had been remanded in Scotland’s only all-female prison. The public and political uproar over this decision led to them being moved to a male centre. Scottish Justice Secretary Keith Brown initially defended the Scottish prison’s service right to assess cases on an individual basis but later announced that no transgender offender with a history of violence against women or girls would be placed in a female-only facility. Last week the Scottish Conservatives accused the Scottish Government of allowing “chaos, confusion and U-turns” over the policy. The Party said it would push for a permanent ban on transgender offenders at female prisons. Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland and Labour MSP Ian Murray told BBC Radio’s Good Morning Scotland show last Monday: “The Equality Act is clear that single-sex spaces, including women’s prisons, have got to be protected under the law and it looks, in this case, people have been put in danger.” READ MORE: 'All over the place' Sturgeon urged to resign in trans rapist row  In a poll that ran from midday on Tuesday, January 31, to 11am on Monday, February 6, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should everyone who identifies as female have access to women-only spaces?” Overall, 9,09 readers responded, with the overwhelming majority, 95 percent (9,411 people), answering “no” everyone who identifies as female should not have access. Meanwhile, five percent (449 people) said “yes” they should have access, and a further 49 people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers took part in a lively discussion.  The view shared by the bulk of readers was against everyone who identifies as female having access to women-only spaces. Username AlphaSilk wrote: “Absolutely not!” Username Puppetonastring said: “No way. Only women, born as women should use women-only spaces.” Another, username WhyAyeMan wrote: “Unequivocally no.” And username wrathful said: “No, no man who identifies as a woman should be allowed anywhere near biological women's spaces.” DON'T MISS: Trump vows to end Biden’s trans care for children [LATEST]SNP claims Gender Reform Bill is 'in not related' to trans prison row [REPORT]Sturgeon always thought she knew better than voters, she's very wrong [COMMENT]  However, other readers were more inclusive in their comments. Username leafspot said: “No. I do believe though, that thought needs to be given to transgender women who have had full reconstructive surgery.” While username Joolsaria commented: “Make all loos individual stalls and get rid of the wash areas, problem solved.” Talk TV’s Piers Morgan sat down with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to mark 100 days in office and during the interview asked him about the definition of what a woman was and his views on trans-woman’s rights. Mr Sunak said the case of Bryson showed “some of the challenges” around gender recognition laws and that it is “biological sex” which matters when protecting women-only spaces.  He explained: “Now that, you know, we can and will have compassion and tolerance and understanding for everybody who is thinking about transitioning and changing their identity or gender. “But you know, for me, when it comes to whether it’s sex, whether it’s women’s spaces, whether it’s prisons, biological sex really matters.” Holyrood passed the Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill in December but the legislation was later blocked from becoming law by Westminster. Scottish Secretary Alister Jack actioned section 35 of the Scotland Act 1998 for the first time to block the legislation, expressing concerns about the “significant impact” it would have on existing equalities law. Lord Keen said there were “real and widespread concerns about its impact upon the law of the United Kingdom” and that it would be “constitutionally improper” to allow it to come into effect.