With many celebrating Valentine’s Day today, experts are warning motorists about the potential fines they face when travelling today. Warnings are being issued for more obvious motoring laws like driving under the influence, but hefty fines can be received for driving with balloons or taking pictures. Julie Daniels, car insurance expert at Comparethemarket, urged motorists to remain safe and always concentrate on driving and the road ahead. She said: “Despite the extra excitement and anticipation of the most romantic day of the year, it's incredibly important that drivers are following the rules of the road and practising safe driving to not only avoid fines, but to keep themselves, their date, and other road users safe. “Make sure any gifts or balloons don't impact your view of the road, your outfit or shoes don't hinder your ability to control the vehicle, and that you either press play on your romantic playlist before you set off - or let your date play DJ. “Above all else, keep your eyes on the road and don't get distracted by trying to impress your date. And don't forget penalty points will potentially increase the cost of your car insurance too.” READ MORE: E-scooter company calls for set date for law change Drivers can be fined £1,000 if heart-shaped balloons block their view of the road, with experts warning drivers to consider this before setting off. A stray balloon can be distracting and dangerous and could easily float into the driver's eyeline or obstruct their view out of the rear windows. Failure to have a full view of the road and traffic ahead can land motorists with three penalty points on their licence, in addition to the £1,000 fine. DON'T MISSFury over bus gate that takes longer to drive around than walk through [SHOCKING]Drivers should use little-known button and gears to save money [INSIGHT]'Essential' electric car changes may be planned to slash costs [IMPORTANT] Drivers may be keen to make a great impression on their date this Valentine’s Day, and for some, this might involve getting out of the car and walking them back to their door to make sure they’re safe at the end of the night. However, drivers who leave their parked car unattended with the engine running, or leave the engine running unnecessarily while stationary on public roads risk being fined up to £80. The fine for this offence starts at £20 and can be bumped up to £40 if a Fixed Penalty Notice (FPN) is issued, however some councils, such as London may allow traffic enforcement officers to issue a Penalty Charge Notice of £80 for idling vehicles. READ MORE: Drivers warned of expensive costs this year from Clean Air Zones It's against the law to use a hand-held mobile phone, or a similar device like a tablet, for any reason when driving or stationary in traffic (unless it’s a genuine emergency). So drivers should make sure they're turning on romantic music before they set off and avoid taking selfies or putting on a romantic playlist. Drivers who are caught using their mobile phone behind the wheel can be fined £1,000 and given six penalty points. It should go without saying that drivers must not get behind the wheel if they are over the legal limit. This rule should apply to anyone at any time of the year, not just Valentine's Day, as outlined in Rule 97 of the Highway Code. Anyone found guilty of this offence will be given six months imprisonment, an unlimited fine, and a driving ban - if they’re not disqualified the driver will receive between three and 11 penalty points instead.