Outer Banks has been likened to the modern-day version of the classic treasure hunt movie, The Goonies, since it came out three years ago. Thankfully, season three has arrived on Netflix at last with all 10 episodes coming out in one go. Here's everything there is to know about the future of Outer Banks. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outer Banks. Outer Banks season two made its debut in July 2021 and was quickly renewed for a third outing. While it's been a long wait for the new episodes, series three landed on Netflix on Thursday, February 23 in full. However, subscribers are already keen to know if this will be the end of the journey. Even before the third series was released on Netflix, an update was given on the show going forward. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Last weekend, Netflix subscribers attended the Poguelandia Fan Event in Huntington Beach, California, to celebrate the show's return. It is at this event that it was confirmed that Outer Banks would be returning for a fourth season. Co-creators, showrunners, and executive producers Jonas Pate, Josh Pate and Shannon Burke said: “Seeing Poguelandia come to life was nothing short of spectacular. "The Pogues are enjoying an adventure of a lifetime, and we now get to map out more twists and turns as the joyride continues into season four of Outer Banks. "Thank you to Netflix, our cast, and the amazing fans who helped to make this happen." Season three sees the Pogues washed up on a desert island which appears to be the perfect place to live. They quickly dub the island "Poguelandia" and the gang spend their days fishing, swimming and enjoying a carefree lifestyle. But, of course, things don't stay harmonious for long for John B played by (Chase Stokes), Sarah (Madelyn Cline), Kiara (Madison Bailey), Pope (Jonathan Daviss), JJ (Rudy Pankow), and Cleo (Rudy Pankow), as they are once again caught up in the hunt for treasure. They aren't the only ones who want to get their hands on the goods though. DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [CAST]Outer Banks season 3 ending explained as death toll rises [EXPLAINER]Madelyn Cline shot to fame as Sarah Cameron in Outer Banks [REVEALED] Wade (Charles Esten) and Rafe (Drew Starkey) are still hungry for revenge and will stop at nothing to find it before the gang does. But does the treasure actually exist, and if so, who is going to get to it first? There was also the major cliffhanger featuring John B's dad, whom subscribers found out was still alive at the end of series two. He was discovered to be living a new life away from his family in Barbados. Sadly, John B's new relationship with his long-lost dad wasn't to last, as he was shot by Ward. His father died in the youngster's arms, leaving him devastated to lose him all over again. This time, however, John B was able to say goodbye and organise a proper burial. Outer Banks is available to watch on Netflix.