A BBC audience member urged the Labour MP to “talk it out” with the opponents as he politely told her to carry out a healthy debate. The audience member was speaking on BBC political flagship programme which was being aired from Swindon on Thursday evening.  The member told Labour MP Lisa Nandy: “I don’t hold the same views as this guy. “Respectfully, we pay you so we have debates and we don’t pay you to be offended. “We pay you to have arguments like we do with other politicians. “You are likely going to be the next party in power and I am really interested to hear your views because I previously voted for Conservatives and I think they have lost it.  “I am interested in hearing your point of views. “I am not interested in you being offended. “If you want to make progress with the people and their views, you talk it out with them. “You can’t get rid of them. You can’t silence them.”  READ MORE: British Army would run out of ammunition 'in days' if called to fight The Labour MP, however, explained her point of view and stated that she has been having “robust debates” with Lee Anderson. She said: “I was very explicit that Lee Anderson is elected by the people of Ashfield, who presumably knew the views that he held when they elected him. “He is perfectly entitled to come to the Parliament to express those views and I have had many robust debates with Lee Anderson in Parliament, in public and in private about those issues and I will continue to do so because I think that is important for healthy democracy. “But what is unacceptable is to have a Prime Minister who says these views are abhorrent and then promotes this man to be a face of the Conservative Party and refuses to accept any responsibility for it.”  DON'T MISS:Man shot dead in south London as murder investigation launched [BREAKING]Witness tells Nicola Bulley police of 'suspicious' van in area [INSIGHT]Family sue school after son's Nativity sheep costume catches fire [SPOTLIGHT] She also stated: “Lee Anderson is a problem and George Freeman knows Lee Anderson is a problem. “He's entitled to express his views, the problem is when PM Rishi Sunak wants Lee Anderson to be the face of the Conservative party knowing what those views were.”  