A "massively healthy and fit" mum has tragically died after collapsing with a brain aneurysm while teaching a fitness class. Katy Hancock, a school teacher, who was described as being "hysterically funny" has left behind her husband Edd and their children Dylan, four, and Taylor, two, who she was "completely and utterly devoted to". The 32-year-old, from Witchford, collapsed while teaching a fitness bounce class on January 25 and was rushed to Hinchingbrooke Hospital for an MRI scan, before being transferred to Addenbrookes Neuro ICU. She had suffered a brain aneurysm and died a week later on February 1.  Her dad said in the days leading up to the brain aneurysm Katy was "quite normal, she’s massively fit and healthy" but added, "she had a few headaches she was complaining about". Chris Taylor told CambridgeshireLive: "She was hysterically funny, a brilliant mimic, she could memorise lines from a film she saw 20 years ago and just drop them out at the appropriate moment. Very cynical, really, really dry sense of humour. "She was challenging and very strong-minded. Completely and utterly devoted to her kids and to Edd and just one of the most fun people you could ever meet really." Katy loved to keep active and would often go skiing, swimming, paddle boarding, sailing and cycling. Speaking about her career as a teacher, Chris said: "She kind of fell into and she discovered she was actually very, very good at it. She was incredibly committed, she had a real passion for it." A GoFundMe page has been set up for Katy to provide the family with some memorial benches in favourite locations where the family would go. READ MORE: My brother's vegan girlfriend felt discriminated against at my dinner  Chris explained: "I think it's a lovely thing for the kids, in particular, to have somewhere to go on a nice summer's day, the locations we found are just ideal, overlooking the lake and you can have a picnic and a dedicated bench there would be fantastic. The family are also planning on using the money for the children's education. The total amount now stands at nearly £20,000, with Chris adding: "It’s overwhelming but not surprising because we’ve had so much support from a lot of things we’ve done as a family. "But I've been a little surprised at how many people she touched professionally and socially. The outpouring of grief, just people wanting to do something and that was the reason for the GoFundMe page. "We thought what else can we do, because people want to do something and this allows people to do something they want to do." 