Although CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles is coming to an end after season 14, Kensi Blye’s Daniela Ruah shared some major revelations about her character. The actress spoke about Kensi’s impulsive personality as she detailed her dislikes about her alter-ego.   Kensi was first introduced in season six as a headstrong and determined agent. However, she quickly became a fan-favourite for her loyalty to the team and her empathy toward victims. Star Daniela Ruah shed light on her character and opened up about her impulsive behaviour. The actress first highlighted what she liked about Kensi as she listed: “I love her resilience and her strength. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson   “I love intelligence, I love her physical capability, I love her principles and I love that she stands for what’s good. She has really strong principles.” Speaking on The Wayne Ayers podcast, Daniela shared: “I think the things that I didn’t love about Kensi as much, I think she’s kind of grown out but in earlier seasons she was very physically impulsive. “ “I think she’s grown out of that and realised that’s not an appropriate thing to do. “So I think she’s grown out of the thing that I don’t like.”  Daniela continued: “She would punch Deeks [Eric Christian Olsen] if he made a bad joke or something. “And nowadays you’d be like, ‘That’s not okay.’ You can’t just punch people in the arm because you didn’t like their joke. “It was weird because at the time it worked and I think it fell into what was acceptable.” The 39-year-old added: “Even the fans would bring it up and be like, ‘If he punched you this would be a whole other conversation.’” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [INSIGHT]NCIS' Rocky Carroll says there's 'a chance' Tony and Ziva will return [INSIGHT]NCIS fans overjoyed as Pauley Perrette reunites with co-star [REACTION]  Throughout season 14, Kensi and her husband Deeks have been learning how to balance their careers alongside their new life as parents. During the season 13 finale, the couple expanded their family after adopting teenager Rosa (Natalia Del Riego). Thankfully fans will be able to see more of Kensi before the series finale on Sunday, May 14. Although bosses have yet to detail the reason for the cancellation, Deadline speculated it could be due to budget cuts.    In a statement, executive producer and showrunner R Scott Gemmill said: “Our crew has grown to be a true family, and their hard work and dedication has been fundamental to our success year after year. “My deepest gratitude to the cast members, who have brought our characters to life with their impassioned performances – thank you for your talent, professionalism and continuous enthusiasm. “And to our loyal viewers who loved our characters and followed their journeys, thank you. “We look forward to delivering an end to the series that is both satisfying and does justice to these beloved characters.” NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA and on Sky Max in the UK. 