Many want to get into environmental consulting, energy engineering, and geoscience – and 41 percent would even explore roles in government where they could help shape the nation’s green policies. On average, these eco-warriors have been eyeing up a career which makes a difference from the tender age of 10 years old. The research was commissioned by British Gas as part of National Apprenticeship Week (6-12 February) – with the company also pledging to recruit 3,500 apprentices over the next decade to train in green skills. Daniel Gay, an apprentice at British Gas, said: “It’s really encouraging to see that so many young people are influenced in their career choice by taking care of the planet. “Working with cutting-edge renewable technology that’s going to make a real difference to the way people live their lives is so rewarding – and makes me feel like I’m playing my part in contributing to our national net zero targets.” The research went on to find 94 percent of those who are exploring these opportunities want to help protect the future of our natural environment. And nearly three-quarters (72 percent) like the thought of getting to the end of the working day knowing they’ve helped people live a greener life. More than half (55 percent) believe their friends share similar views about working in a greener industry, and the same number say that learning about the environmental crisis in school set them on this path. Documentaries have been the inspiration for 44 percent, while 43 percent say they’ve been turned on to the idea by coverage of the climate emergency on the news. And while 76 percent of youngsters with green ambitions intend to go to university, of those who are considering the apprenticeship route, 63 percent say it appeals because they can start earning right away. When considering their own lifestyle choices, 42 percent are doing their bit to recycle, and 31 percent are reducing energy consumption around their home. And with their shopping habits, one in four are picking up items second-hand where possible, and 24 percent are buying local. Overall, the OnePoll study found 88 percent of young people recognise the importance of living sustainably – despite being in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis. Daniel Gay, from British Gas, which has also committed to hiring 500 former armed forces recruits to retrain as engineers, added: “Switching from a career in the marines to an apprenticeship has allowed me to grow in confidence and progress my career. “Giving customers tangible ways to live smarter and be more energy efficient helps me feel satisfied that I’m doing my bit for the future of our planet.”