Scotland’s government was especially generous putting an 11½ percent pay increase over two years on the table from this spring, which would have meant a cumulative 30 percent pay rise since 2018. But the Educational Institute of Scotland rejected it without even taking it to its members.   That offer - the fifth - has now been withdrawn. In England, most state-school teachers had a five percent pay rise in 2022 with a further three percent promised for this year. But still, the National Education Union (NEU) is demanding an above-inflation increase of 12 percent, even though this would clearly fuel inflation and make everyone suffer from an increased cost of living. The Royal College of Nursing has called off its latest round of strikes in order to negotiate further with the government. Why don’t the teachers’ unions do the same, sparing our children yet more missed lessons? Instead, teacher union activists seem to be on the same track as recalcitrant rail worker unions. While other train unions have voted to accept the government’s latest offer, including a nine percent rise over two years, the RMT has rejected it. Leader Mick Lynch appears to have had his hands tied by militant RMT members determined to make this a political battle, activists wanting to bring about the “suppression of the capitalist system by a socialistic order of society.” A similar Jeremy Corbyn-era extremism appears to have infiltrated the NEU too. When they should be focusing on our children’s future, 13 members of the NEU’s national executive signed a statement by the stop the War coalition blaming nato for the Russian invasion of Ukraine. With hard-Left views like this, it appears that the socialist dinosaurs running many unions prefer conflict to negotiation. It was the NEU that fought hardest to keep schools closed during the pandemic, causing untold mental harm to pupils. During Covid, it is estimated that British schools were closed longer than those in any other country in Europe, bar Italy. A side-effect of school closures has been a breakdown of discipline with pupils aping striking teachers with classroom protests. “All these strikes are doing is creating animosity within schools and undermining the confidence of pupils and parents in the educational system,” says MP Jonathan Gullis, a former teacher. Striking nurses and paramedics should have our sympathy, but the tsunami of public sector strikes coming our way should not. Up to 30,000 union members of Prospect are set for a one-day walkout on March 15. Among the strikers are government scientists, health and safety inspectors, driving examiners, and weather forecasters. This is nothing less than the public sector extorting the private sector for yet more money. Train drivers, many teachers, and civil servants already have above-average wages, plus generous pensions and holidays, all funded by taxpayers. In fact, the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development recently said teachers in England are among the highest-paid professionals for the fewest hours in Europe, outstripping teachers’ pay in Italy, France, and Finland. Why should we pay them anymore? “It’s irresponsible for teachers to be pressing for big pay rises, given the financial circumstances of the country,” says Professor Alan Smithers, Director of the Centre for Education and Employment Research at the University of Buckingham. “Relatively speaking, they are well paid. What they are requesting is that money from the taxes of people who are also struggling be transferred to them.” Public sector workers should be grateful for the job security they have, especially as public sector productivity has crashed by 7.4 percent compared with 1.6 percent in the wider economy. With many civil servants inclined to work from home and yet pro- viding a poorer level of service, their case for increased pay is on very thin ice. Old-style union leaders may be keen on fighting a class war but in the case of teachers, it is our children and their parents who are paying the price. Chancellor Jeremy hunt may have a few more billion pounds than forecast to spend in his next budget, but he should use any windfall on keeping energy bills down, not public sector wage increases, thus helping us all, not just a militant few.