A rule which can restrict future pension saving when someone has accessed their retirement pot has been slammed as “unfair” by experts. The Money Purchase Annual Allowance (MPAA), if triggered, removes the benefit of tax relief on annual contributions of more than £4,000. Canada Life has argued the current low limit penalises and discourages older workers who have taken time out from employment, drawn on their pensions and wish to resume saving for retirement. As a result, the organisation has submitted a paper to the Treasury, calling for an increase to the allowance to £10,000 in the forthcoming Spring Budget. It argues the change would also help people who have accessed their pension pot at a relatively young age, for example, 55. This may have been done to pay off expensive debts or cope with the current cost of living crisis. READ MORE: HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week It is estimated between 500,000 and one million people of working age in the UK are currently restricted by the MPAA. This is based on the numbers who have used the pension freedoms and the fluctuations in employment patterns across the course of the pandemic. Lindsey Rix, CEO at Canada Life, said: “Increasing the MPAA back to £10,000 would help strengthen the UK economy and boost the retirement provision of the hundreds of thousands of workers who left employment during the pandemic. “We believe this is a measure which would positively impact people of all social and economic backgrounds. DON'T MISSTax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [INSIGHT]TSB announces full list of 2023 bank closures [LATEST]Yorkshire Building Society is offering savers 4.50% for a limited time [EXPLAINED] “It would help encourage a return of older experienced staff for many businesses, large or small, and whichever sector they operate in. “And it will align well with other Government policy initiatives, such as the mid-life MOT and auto-enrolment. “Any modest cost to the Exchequer from the higher allowance could be more than offset through increased tax revenues. “Even a modest boost to employment would result in higher income tax revenues, as well as downstream tax revenues such as higher VAT from increased spending.” READ MORE: Savings account 'to pay double inflation’ turning £10k into £12,462 Restoring the MPAA to £10,000 would take the allowance back to its original sum when it was first introduced in 2015. The allowance was subsequently cut in 2017 to just £4,000. However, it has been argued the cost of restoring the allowance to £10,000 would be “very modest relative to the potential benefits”. The organisation states such a move could clear the obstacle to employment for hundreds of thousands of older workers. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is an aim for the current Government, separate to the MPAA, as Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has communicated recently. Mr Hunt recently called upon older people who left the workforce during the pandemic to return to help ease labour shortages. In a speech on the economy in January, he said: “To those who retired early after the pandemic or haven't found the right role after furlough, I say, ‘Britain needs you’ and we will look at the conditions necessary to make work worth your while.” An HM Treasury spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The Government is committed to supporting the nations savers and has a range of incentives in place to encourage people to invest for their retirement “The Money Purchase Allowance affects around 25 per cent of occupational defined contribution savers aged 55 and over. “The cap is designed to stop pensioners - who have already drawn down some or all of their pension – from receiving double tax relief by funding ongoing savings with their existing pension pots, which have often accrued without any taxation.”