The first season of 1923 has been a massive success for the new streaming platform as Jacob Dutton (played by Harrison Ford) and his family face more trouble on the Yellowstone ranch 100 years before the flagship drama. After drawing in millions more Western fans for Paramount+, the Indiana Jones star has confirmed he’s ready to start work on the second outing. Ford has confirmed he’ll be returning for second seasons of 1923 and Shrinking as he opened up about his recent forays to the small screen. Primarily known for Hollywood blockbusters like Star Wars and the Indy franchise, he has recently branched out to the small screen with major shows for Apple TV+ and Paramount+. On 1923, he portrays an ancestor of John Dutton (Kevin Costner), the powerful ranch owner of Taylor Sheridan’s massive Yellowstone universe. Although recent episodes have seen Ford’s protagonist Jacob sustain severe injuries during a range war, the star’s latest comments confirm he’ll survive the ordeal. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star When asked about his recent increase in output, he revealed: “The simplest answer is probably the most truthful. “After two years of sitting on my a** during COVID, and waiting quite a few years for Indiana Jones to start, I had not done as much work as I wanted to and I wanted to do different things.” The 80-year-old star is about to return for his fifth and, most likely, final outing as Indy in this year’s upcoming adventure film, The Dial of Destiny. Meanwhile, rather than starring in maybe one film per year as he has done during the later stage of his career, Ford has latched on to a number of new projects post-COVID. “So [Shrinking] came along, and then, very quickly after that, 1923 came along,” he told the Hollywood Reporter. He’ll also be starring as Thaddeus ‘Thunderbolt’ Ross in at least two films for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, taking over from the late William Hurt. As for his TV roles, he said: “I took the job without a script on both of them, on faith that the people who created the projects were going to deliver me a good script.” So far, working amidst rough conditions and freezing cold weather on 1923 has been challenging, as his co-star Timothy Dalton can attest to. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii’s Lucy reunites with Kate in surprise return [LATEST]Doom Patrol crew member teases ‘crazy’ final season [EXCLUSIVE]1923’s Timothy Dalton exposes ‘nightmare’ filming [INTERVIEW] Thankfully, he hasn’t been put off by the work, and he’ll soon be returning to film second seasons of both Paramount’s endurance-testing Western and Apple’s more low-key comedy drama. “I really didn’t realise how much work 1923 was going to be,” he added. “And I absolutely feel it’s worth it. I’m excited to do another season of both.” Filming hasn't been confirmed to have started on 1923’s second instalment just yet, and there probably won’t be any news of Shrinking’s continuation until the first season wraps up. However, both series have managed to pull in strong numbers and good reviews for their respective streamers, so fans should expect to see the Han Solo star back on the TV sometime in 2024. In the Yellowstone prequel, Ford stars alongside Helen Mirren who portrays Jacob’s wife Cara, the tough-as-nails matriarch of the Dutton family. During the latest episode, the Duttons’ nephew Spencer (Brandon Sklenar) was struggling to get back home, but still managed to find time to marry his fiancé Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer) at sea. 1923 season 1 continues Sundays on Paramount+. Shrinking continues Fridays on Apple TV+.