Pink, 43, showed off her incredible physique as she took centre stage in the March issue of Women's Health UK. However, in the interview, the singer admitted that it was not all easy for her to look like this and admitted to feeling "depressed" behind the scenes after her hip and double disc replacement surgery left her gaining weight. Pink piled on the pounds following a double disc operation last year and admitted that the procedure had a negative impact on her mental health as well as the loss of her grandmother, Trish to cancer. She told the publication: "I was probably a bit depressed from all of the loss, and I couldn’t lose weight to save my life. "I would work out three hours a day, eat clean, and my metabolism was a dud – I couldn’t get anything started. "And I was like, ‘I’m exhausted, I’m sad, I haven’t been away from my family for three years – not even overnight. And I just need a minute.’" READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits The singer showed off her toned physique in a vibrant red swimsuit for the photoshoot, as she posed in the California countryside. In another, her taut abs are on full display as she modelled a silver crop top and black lingerie, while another saw her posing in a skimpy white two-piece. In order to lose weight, Pink opted to sign up for a two-week stay at the SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain, where she stuck to the Kushi diet. This consists of whole grains, legumes, vegetables and fruit. Discussing her experience, Pink admitted: "It was the longest I’ve ever been away from my kids and the biggest gift I’ve ever given myself. "I did it for me, which in turn would be for them… I got to rest. I wasn’t getting rest before. "I slept in a bed by myself for the first time in 11 years. I had time to meditate and cry and journal." Pink shares Willow, 11, and Jameson, six, with her husband Carey Hart. The So What singer opened up about her "brutal" health crisis in 2021 in a lengthy Instagram post, where she thanked her spouse for his support. DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [COMMENT] Olivia Wilde sets record straight as Super Bowl post sparks backlash [INSTAGRAM] NYPD Blue child star Austin Majors found dead at aged 27 [DEATH] Alongside a photo of herself at home, she wrote: "Hey world! This is what 9 hours of sleep and cuddles from my kiddos look like 7 days post-hip surgery!! "I have to say thank you to everyone at The Steadman Clinic in Vail and Dr Philippon for taking such good care of me. "Because I’m married to an athlete who has had hundreds of surgeries, I get to meet some of the world's greatest doctors "I am never not completely grateful. It was a brutal first week full of tears and pain med depression, ulcers from meds and constant fevers, but my @hartluck brought me through. (No one recovers from surgery as he does, he’s not real)." She said Carey, "dried my tears, cooked me oatmeal, kept track of my meds, got me my phone charger, plugged in my compression machines, took my temp, made the bed, and talked me off the ledge". Pink said that despite the agony she has been in, it has opened her eyes further to the incredible people around her who are doing amazing things despite their disabilities or health conditions. She concluded: "I'm impressed by those that face real, hard challenges, and alchemize their situation into something magical, or meaningful. "In the meantime, shout out to all of those on the journey to wellness, and to those making magic out of the impossible. Have a great day folks!!!!! Let the healing begin." The full P!nk interview can be read in the March issue of Women’s Health UK, on sale now.