Police searching for Nicola Bulley have been urged to search an area where a teenager went missing 45 years ago. The body of 16-year-old Roger Jones' was found in the River Wyre after he was thrown into the water during a motorbike accident, two months after he disappeared. Now a resident of St Michaels on Wyre, Lancashire, claims he told police to search the area for Nicola, who has now been missing for two weeks, The Sun reports. Mr Jones vanished in the river after being thrown from the crash and was swept away until his body washed up on a sandbank at low tide near Shard Bridge, seven miles from St Michael's. The resident, who claims to know the river "inside out", said there are a "few places where you'd most likely get lodged" and boats are unable to access these areas. He said: "I just don't understand why we're not searching this area. "History says that by now she would be much further down the river." Police originally believed Ms Bulley may have fallen into the river but later admitted that she "could have left the area with someone". The mother-of-two was last seen on January 27 walking her dog near to the river. The resident, who has not been named said police "should be doing a land search" in these areas. Speaking on Nicola's disappearance he said he couldn't help but compare it to Roger's. He said: "He fell in around the same point, albeit in the faster moving bit, but it's only 100 metres away and he ended up exactly where I've been saying we should be searching for days. "It would take an hour a day to check that area. " READ MORE:Nicola Bulley's partner 'held head in his hands' at the river's edge It comes as a witness told Lancashire police they saw a suspicious-looking van near to where Nicola vanished. According to the Sun, a witness described the van as a high-sided Renault-type vehicle or Transit which was faded red. The van was described as "shabby" and the kind that you could "live or work in". The witness added: “Obviously, I don’t know whether this van is related to Nicola’s disappearance. All I know is that something grabbed my attention. I felt compelled to tell police about it." Two weeks on from Nicola's disappearance her friends have launched a fresh campaign for information about where she is. They will be holding up photos of the mother-of-two, they have a moving 8ft LED board that says "Bring Nicki home" and they are appealing for anyone to give dashcam footage to the police. Friend Emma White told BBC Radio’s 4’s Today programme: “We just Nicki home for the two little girls that want their mummy. "It is just a rollercoaster, it is almost like torture - the despair, the unimaginable frustration in the sense that everyone has come together, working so hard: the police, the community, people on the ground. "We just need something, anything, a piece of information, that can lead us down a different enquiry.” 