America has reaffirmed its role as Europe’s strategic ally and guarantor of its security since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24 last year, leading the rest of the world with its $75billion (£60billion) in aid support. But the vast sum has not gone unnoticed back home. "Americans expect Europeans to step up their financial contribution towards the security blanket because it’s becoming prohibitive for the US to shoulder most of that burden," Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, told Express.co.uk. Research by the Kiel Institute for the World Economy, based in Germany, suggests the US figure is higher than the whole of the EU combined. This bloc has contributed around $57billion (£48billion), while the UK has provided $8.7billon (£7.2billion). "The majority of NATO countries still fail to contribute two percent of their GDP into the collective defence kitty - only eight out of 30 do," Koffler said. "I expect there will be more pressure from the US on European governments to pitch in more." It's a familiar gripe. The US has expressed frustrations with NATO members for years, a trend accelerated during the Trump administration. READ MORE: Biden's 'strong' support for Ukraine increasingly at odds with US public, new poll shows During his time as President, Trump regularly bashed NATO-member countries for not meeting an agreed-upon goal for each country to spend two percent of its annual gross domestic product on defence. But George W Bush and Barack Obama also regularly expressed frustration with NATO member governments not spending more of their domestic budgets on defence. This tough talk, combined with an increasing sense that the US was turning away from Europe, prompted President Emmanuel Macron back in 2019 to declare that NATO was suffering from "brain death". DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation' [REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Speaking to The Economist, Macron said Europe stands on “the edge of a precipice” and needs to start thinking of itself strategically as a prime power; otherwise we will “no longer be in control of our destiny”. Russia's invasion of Ukraine has added impetus to that objective but it has also underscored the importance of the relationship between the US and European Union, which has been critical to sending military aid, and coordinating sanctions and export controls against Russia. However, patience is wearing thin among Americans, new polling suggests. A poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research shows support among Americans for providing Ukraine weaponry and direct economic assistance is ebbing in the run up to the one-year anniversary of the invasion. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin 'very desperate' in crazed speech after failed Satan II ICBM launch The poll of 1,068 found only 48 percent of Americans are now in favour of the US providing weapons to Ukraine, compared to 60 percent in May last year. "I expect that reality will set in within the Biden Administration, probably this year, and they will realise that flowing money and military hardware indefinitely into Ukraine is unsustainable," Koffler previously told Express.co.uk. The polling shows 29 percent opposed sending more arms to Ukraine and 22 percent say they’re neither in favour nor opposed. Americans are about evenly divided on sending government funds directly to Ukraine, with 37 percent in favour and 38 percent opposed. Twenty three percent said neither. "I am sympathetic for Ukraine’s situation and I feel badly for them, but I feel like we need to first take care of priorities here at home,” said Joe Hernandez, 44, of Rocklin, California, in a follow-up interview. Hernandez, a Republican, added that it’s difficult to support generous US spending on military and economic assistance to Ukraine when many American communities don’t have the resources to deal with the ramifications of migrants crossing into the US at the southern border, a rise in drug overdoses caused by fentanyl and other lab-produced synthetic opioids and a homelessness crisis in his state. Biden has repeatedly stated the US will help Ukraine “as long as it takes” to repel the Russian invasion that began on February 24 of last year. Privately, administration members have warned Ukrainian officials that there is a limit to the patience of a narrowly divided Congress — and American public — for the costs of a war with no clear end.