Manchester United forward Mason Greenwood has been reportedly eyeing his next move in football if he is let go by the Red Devils, as the one-cap England international is plotting a career in China. The club are conducting their own investigation after the 21-year-old had all charges against him dropped last week following a statement from the Crown Prosecution Service, after he was arrested in January 2022 following allegations of attempted rape, assault and coercive control. The Sun have claimed that Greenwood is plotting a move to China to restart his football career if he is sacked by United, with the club yet to make a decision on reintegrating him back into their squad. However, Greenwood won’t be the only familiar face in China if he does make the move out east, as Express Sport has looked at five players who you may have forgotten play there... DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton After five-and-a-half years at Manchester United, Marouane Fellaini struggled to nail down a spot in the team under new boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and agreed a deal with Shandong Luneng. It was a surprising move considering the Belgian was still contributing at a Premier League level at the age of 33, though two months after moving to China in 2019 he announced his retirement from international football. Many stars have left the Chinese Super League in recent years after a new salary cap was introduced that prevented foreign players from earning more than £2.4million a year, but Fellaini has remained in Shandong and helped fire his side to a league and cup double in 2020/21. Oscar was one of the players that kickstarted the Chinese Super League boom when he left a promising career at Chelsea behind in 2016 as the Blues were paid £60m by Shanghai SIPG who handed the Brazilian £400,000-a-week. The 31-year-old has remained in China since moving from Stamford Bridge but was recently denied a transfer back to his homeland in the summer. He had been pictured wearing the club’s shirt as he was set for a move back to his homeland, though Oscar claimed that Shanghai blocked the move at its final stages and he was forced to stay at the club. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed Once-upon-a-time Arsenal wonderkid Fran Merida followed the same path as his compatriot Cesc Fabregas in 2006 as he rose through the ranks in Barcelona’s La Masia academy before moving to the north London side. A year after his move, Merida was forced to pay £2.87m to Barcelona as compensation for "failing to meet the terms of a personal pre-contract" with the club. However, the midfielder had a promising future with the Gunners under Arsene Wenger, scoring on his debut in a friendly as a 16-year-old but played just 16 times before moving to Atletico Madrid in 2010 having failed to break into the team. Merida moved around to several Spanish teams in the top two divisions before moving to Tianjin Jinmen Tiger last summer. Jores Okore had an uninspiring three-year spell at Aston Villa during which he made 43 appearances, got relegated to the Championship and refused to be a substitute against Bournemouth, which saw him removed from the squad and forced to train with the under-21s. The defender had become Nordsjaelland’s record sale in 2013, but returned to Denmark with FC Copenhagen and then AaB before signing a three-year contract with Changchun Yatai in February 2021. David Mateos made quite the impression on Jose Mourinho during his time at Real Madrid. Although the young defender had not yet signed a professional contract and could not play for Los Blancos, Mourinho called on the club to offer him a new deal. “It's a shame Mateos can't join us because I like him a lot,” Mourinho said before the 2010/11 season. “He defends well and knows how to instigate play from the back. That's a trait which we need here at Madrid. With the difficulties we have it is a pity that he can not play, I would like him to be part of the first team.” Mourinho had Pepe, Sergio Ramos, Raul Albiol and Ezequiel Garay at his disposal but promoted the youngster to the first team. He made just one cup appearance after his debut in the Champions League against Ajax, as he left the club and played in Greece, Hungary, the US, Israel, and Bolivia before joining Chinese second-division side Guangxi Pingguo last year.