Stacey Solomon has started the countdown as she is due to give birth any day now. The Loose Women presenter announced she is expecting her fifth child with her husband Joe Swash on December 28. The couple, who already share three-year-old son Rex, and 16-month-old daughter Rose, had found out the joyous news later on in the pregnancy and decided to keep it to themselves. Stacey confirmed on December 30 alongside her first bump snap that she was eight months pregnant, and they are having a baby girl. Taking to Instagram today, the 33-year-old hinted her baby will soon arrive into the world after she woke up with that "feeling". She told her 5.5 million followers: "Thank you for everything bump. READ MORE: Beyoncé sparks concern among conspiracy theorists after Grammy win "Woken up with that feeling and so Just incase I don’t get the chance to say it tomorrow… I’m so grateful for them all. For every single time you’ve done this." Stacey accompanied the post with a new photo showing her blossoming baby bump. The mum-of-five beamed for a selfie as she sported a grey vest top teamed with matching shorts as her fingers, adorned in rings, cradled her round stomach. The Loose Women panellist was inundated with well wishes as the heartwarming post racked up over 140,000 likes in under an hour. Celebrity pals and fans alike flocked to comment on the post, as Mrs Hinch gushed: "Looking phenomenal as always." Busy Bee Carys wrote: "So emotional!!! This set me off. All the best Stacey, you got this mama."  Alison shared: "Good luck both. Can't wait to see your new addition to the family." DON'T MISS... Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss[LATEST]Ashley Roberts proves workwear can be sexy in daring sheer dress[PICTURES]Kate Garraway shares moment of 'hope' after tough '48 hours'[UPDATE] Stacey has since hinted at her baby girl's name as she dropped a major clue on the picture-sharing site. She typed on her Instagram: "Hello February. Our little girl will officially be a February baby. Our little Aquarius. I love February. "I think because of the start of longer days, brighter days, it's a nice short month. I feel like it's a little gateway month into spring... Happy February everyone." In a super-cute post shared on Saturday, February 4, Stacey told fans she had been busying herself with crafts while waiting for her little one. "From mummy with love little one… Patiently waiting for you to be here, we are all so excited to finally meet you baby girl…" she wrote. And she added: "She’s very comfy apparently, letting me know who’s boss already. Now just need to find a safe out of reach little cubby hole to put this in." The former X Factor star shared a video of herself making an adorable miniaure hot air balloon for a tiny teddy bear with blush pink beads and decorative pearls. She said in another sharing on her Instagram Stories: "Been crafting for her while we wait. We love you so much already little one."