Valtteri Bottas has gained an army of fans for his new look at the Alfa Romeo car launch with a bold moustache and mullet combo. Bottas caused a stir back in December when he posted a video on social media showing his new style.  The Alfa Romeo driver spent his downtime in Australia with partner Tiffany Cromwell following the end of the season. Joking in the video that he didn't feel like he "quite fit in" after looking at a meme titled 'Australian millennial start pack', it then cut to him sitting in an Aussie barber as he had his shaggy hair trimmed off the sides with a free-flowing mullet and a moustache combo. The video soon went viral on social media with over 2.3 million views and many hailing the Finn for 'winning the offseason'. It's a look that Bottas has clearly adopted for the long haul as well though as he sported the same look at Alfa Romeo's car launch on Tuesday. Proudly sporting his new look, Bottas couldn't wait to catch a first glimpse of the new C43. But those watching the car launch from afar could not get enough of Bottas' mullet and moustache combo.  @LewisTux wrote: "Valtteri Bottas nailing that mullet look." @sancainz tweeted: "Bottas' mullet is winning." Mediator at the Alfa Romeo car launch also was glad to see Bottas sporting his new look. He said: "Valtteri, it's good to see that you're looking like an Aussie Rules footballer, you've still got the haircut and the tache, it looks like you've had a good break." DON'T MISS  Bottas replied: "I had a good break, which is important because now as we start getting to the season then we go pretty much full gas until the end of the year," he said. "Like a mental reset and physical reset is important so I'm full of energy and keen to go." While Bottas' new style stole the limelight, the striking livery design for the C43 has also left a lasting impression. The white section of the car from previous years has now been replaced with a bold black design coupled with the trademark red paint. But it's what's underneath the car that will determine whether Alfa Romeo will be able to improve on last year's progress. "These cars have been developed in endless days. So many hours of work have gone into it," Bottas added. "It's a real privilege to see the car and especially to be able to drive it."  