Lando Norris has admitted McLaren gave him “strict orders” to not hit Oscar Piastri in the pair's first on-track battle. The Briton will lead the team in 2023 after McLaren axed Daniel Ricciardo for the highly-rated Australian Piastri last season.  However, Noris revealed the new team-mates have already enjoyed their first race in a karting event ahead of the new season. He made the admission at McLaren’s launch event as they showed off their new livery for the new campaign. Norris said: “We took it pretty seriously, My kart was quite a bit quicker than his. It was a good race. It was our first little battle we had." The two drivers were then asked whether the race had allowed the pair to “size each other up” before the start of the F1 season. Piastri laughed: “It was all friendly.” Norris responded: “We had strict orders. We couldn’t crash into each other.” READ MORE: Zak Brown outlines what McLaren must do to keep Lando Norris McLaren sticks with its Papaya theme for 2023 with a slight variation on last year's model. The new livery is darker than their 2022 model while the eye-catching blue flashes on last year's car have been dialed down. Their sponsorship deal with Google is more prominent with a Chrome banner in prime position on the monocoque. Norris beat experienced F1 race-winner Daniel Ricciardo 17 times last season as he continues to impress. The 23-year-old also secured a podium last season despite the team lacking pace compared to the frontrunners. Meanwhile Piastri joins the team after Brown swooped for his services amid contract confusion at Alpine. Piastri ditched the French team in favour of the British manufacturer despite opposition from Alpine boss Otmar Szafnauer. DON'T MISSInside Lando Norris’ house, car collection and girlfriend split  [INSIGHT]McLaren ‘make contact’ over unexpected Honda reunion  [COMMENT]Williams steal McLaren sponsor as agreement announced at 2023 launch [ANALYSIS] McLaren eventually came out on top in a Contract Recognition Board (CRB) ruling over the Australian’s services. Speaking at the launch, McLaren boss Brown hinted the team were optimistic ahead of the new season and the team's long-term health. He said: “We've got our veteran Lando back in our race car and our rookie driver Oscar which is going to be quite exciting." Brown added: “Our future’s looking strong, a lot of our technology projects are coming to fruition now. We can see them and touch them and we will be active with the wind tunnel and simulation and things of that nature later on this year.” 