Cleaning windows is a tedious household chore, especially if you have lots of windows to clean. However, it is recommended to clean them regularly to avoid dirt creating scratches. Luckily, Andrew Bradley, a professional in the Commercial Cleaning Industry, at Pure Freedom, has shared a quick guide to follow. To achieve a “streak-free” finish can be extremely hard, but Andrew recommended using his 29p cleaning hack. The expert explained: “You should aim to clean your windows at a minimum once or twice a year depending on location. “You may need to do this more if you live near the sea where salt exposure is high, or if you live in a city close to busy roads. Follow this quick and easy five step guide.” To start, prepare some vinegar and water. Andrew recommended mixing one part of distilled vinegar with 10 parts of warm water. READ MORE: Gardening expert shares how to turn leftovers into ‘fabulous’ plants Place the water and vinegar in a spray bottle and give it a little shake to create your homemade concoction. Andrew said distilled white vinegar is a great natural, non-toxic cleaning solution, which can kill bacteria as well as dissolve grime. Grime is very common on windows, as the elements hit and build up on the outside of them. Distilled white vinegar can be purchased from a variety of retailers, including Sainsbury’s and Tesco for as little as 29p. DON'T MISS:I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Seven home improvements which ‘add no value’ to your home [COMMENT]Six easy steps to regrout bathroom tiles for a ‘show home’ finish [EXPLAINER] Andrew added: “Then water down the window first to wash off any dirt to avoid scratching the glass when cleaning. “Cover the surface of the window by spraying the solution directly on the glass.” Now it’s time to dry the windows and there are various different ways to do so including using newspaper, a paper towel or a squeegee to unveil streak-free and shiny glass. Andrew continued: “Do this by having long and even strokes, and go over the window multiple times to clear away any leftover solution. READ MORE: ‘The best’ method to clean toilet bowl without bleach “Make sure the product you use to wipe the windows doesn’t leave any fibres behind. You will then have clean and shiny streak-free windows.” White vinegar can also be used to clean multiple areas around the home, including the bathroom. According to Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, it is extremely effective when mixed with baking soda, another popular common household item Deyan recommended using the combo to clean areas like the drain, tiles as well as the shower head. He explained: “You should aim to clean your shower head at least once a month, in order to prevent the build-up of mineral deposits that can affect its water pressure levels and reduce its efficiency. “Rather than splurging on a new shower head, a simple solution of white vinegar and baking soda can effectively unclog its nozzles.” If possible, remove the shower head and soak it in a container filled with 750ml white vinegar and 250ml baking soda. The head can be kept submerged in this homemade solution for anywhere between one and eight hours, depending on how dirty it is.