Chelsea's successful club-record pursuit of Enzo Fernandez also saw Tiemoue Bakayoko's departure collapse on deadline day in addition to Hakim Ziyech's loan switch to PSG. The Blues virtually put all their eggs in the basket of the Argentina international in the final hours of the window as they hastily attempted to thrash out a deal with Benfica during a series of club-to-club meetings. Chelsea eventually got their wish after striking a £107million transfer agreement with Benfica but unfortunately for Bakayoko and Ziyech, it came at the expense of their Stamford Bridge exits. Bakayoko will instead remain on loan at AC Milan for the remainder of the season and the Italian giants are now refusing to play the Frenchman as another appearance would mean they triggered their obligation to buy the 28-year-old. It's a cruel situation for the Frenchman but he was not short of interest in the January window when three clubs came calling. Firstly, Turkish outfit Adana Demirspor made a swoop for his services and are believed to have struck an agreement with Chelsea over a deal before the transfer collapsed. READ MORE: Chelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez Serie A outfit Cremonese were next to join the race and they were also edging close to an agreement before Lyon intervened and tried to sway the player's decision. Agent Federico Pastorello revealed on deadline day that both moves were no longer possible due to a series of financial complications. He told Sky Italia: "Unfortunately, he didn't have the opportunity to marry Cremonese due to a series of problems. Lyon? A somewhat complex situation due to some problems due to the termination of the loan between Chelsea and Milan." But in a fresh twist, Adana Demirspor held a late dinner meeting in which they outlined their desire to sign Bakayoko. READ MOREMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transferFour free agents Everton can still sign beyond transfer deadline to help Sean DycheChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez While the Turkish transfer window remains open, the deal is thought to have collapsed again because Chelsea did not have enough time to negotiate with Milan and free the midfielder from his current spell at the San Siro. Chelsea were totally engrossed in landing their top target in Fernandez and although they got their wish, it did see them miss out on freeing up some wages within their current bill. Ziyech in particular, is thought to have been left fuming by the breakdown of his move to PSG having travelled to France on Monday night. The Moroccan completed medical checks but PSG were left incensed after Chelsea allegedly sent the wrong documents in the decisive closing stages of the window. It's understood PSG are now sceptical about doing business with the Blues in the future as they feel let down on this occasion. The attacker now returns to Cobham where he will rejoin Graham Potter's side for the remainder of the season. There had also been interest in him from the Premier League and abroad from other clubs including Everton, Newcastle, RB Leipzig and Roma. Chelsea have since confirmed the capture of Fernandez on contract until 2031 in west London where he will wear the No 5 shirt.