Many, including Vladimir Putin, expected Russia to steamroll its smaller neighbour in no time at all, but those people underestimated the determination of the Ukrainians to defend their homeland and misjudged the resolve of the West to provide the Ukrainians with the equipment they needed.  However, in many respects, the current situation is worse and more uncertain than ever. We appear to have reached a stalemate where Russia seemingly cannot conquer Ukraine, but where Ukraine cannot remove the Russian army entirely from its country. So what should we do? How can this impasse be resolved? On the face of it, there seems to be only two options for bringing this war to an end... but neither seems entirely satisfactory. One solution would be for western countries – in particular the US which has the firepower at its disposal – to get directly involved in the war to forcibly remove the invaders from Ukraine. This could work, however, would public opinion in the US (or even in the UK for that matter) accept the inevitable dead soldiers for a war fought far away, and might it escalate the conflict into a world war with countries like China siding with Russia? It would be a strategy fraught with military and political risk.  Alternatively, the West could urge Ukraine to seek a settlement with Russia, and withdraw any further military support. But this would reward Russia for its illegal invasion and encourage all despots around the globe, making the world a much more dangerous and uncertain place. And in any event, could Putin be trusted to honour the terms of any deal in the face of such capitulation. I rather doubt it. Neither option is particularly palatable. So we will probably end up continuing with the same strategy. Supplying the Ukraine army with enough support to thwart Russia’s territorial ambitions, but not enough to expel the Russian army altogether. But is such a strategy sustainable realistically? Surely the West’s current levels of support will wane into war weariness at some point. It cannot continue in perpetuity. Of course that is precisely what Putin wants and expects. He is playing the long game, hoping and believing that we in the West will tire of the war before he does. In politics we are often left to choose between a bad option and a catastrophic option. As we salute the courage and resolve of the Ukrainian people, it seems that with the war in Ukraine, there are no good options available to us. Along with most of the country, I gave a sigh of relief at the news that Shamima Begum will not have her British citizenship restored or be allowed to return here. Her appeal to get back in the country, supported by a series of podcasts broadcast by the BBC, was firmly rejected in a rare outbreak of common sense. The sheer brazenness of this woman cannot be overstated, nor the brutality of the regime she went out to support. Thankfully, she didn’t pull the wool over the eyes of our intelligence services. MI5 found her interviews to be “self-serving” and an “attempt to obtain favourable media coverage in the run-up to this appeal”. Sickeningly, her lawyer Daniel Furner says this is “nowhere near over”’ as he plans her appeal, costing a fortune and no doubt paid for by you and me. Let us never forget Shamima Begum bought a one-way ticket to join the Islamic State Caliphate in the Middle East – and that’s exactly how it should stay. There should be no return for her... ever. In welcome news, apparently, it won’t be too long before robots will be doing most of the daily chores for us. Artificial intelligence experts from the UK and Japan have predicted that within a decade robots will be doing the shopping, cleaning and vacuuming. Whilst 10 years might seem a long time away, it’s still going to be much quicker than me getting my husband to do the jobs around the house!