Chelsea legend John Terry has insisted that he had no role in the appointment of Graham Potter at Stamford Bridge. The former club captain was vocal about his admiration for the former Swansea boss during his time at Brighton. But club legend Terry told his Instagram followers last week that he was not involved in the decision to appoint him as the Blues’ new boss. Asked by a follower if Terry pushed for Potter when the club were recruiting a replacement for Thomas Tuchel, the 42-year-old replied: “Absolutely not. “I tweeted that I loved watching Brighton play and his style of play. I have nothing to do with the first team. I’m working with the [Under] 18s and 21s and love my role. DON'T MISS: Howard Webb 'furiously summons all Prem refs for emergency meeting' "Clearly results are not good enough and we need to get a settled team." Chelsea are currently ninth in the Premier League and have endured a torrid start to the season, with Todd Boehly seeing little improvement in results despite his spending sprees over the summer and last month. Potter’s side are currently 10 points outside of the top four and are relying on a significant drop-off from several sides if they are to secure Champions League football for next season. Failing to do so will be a major blow for Chelsea, preventing them from being able to attract top talent for another campaign. With the team in such poor form and performances lacking assurance, questions have been raised about Potter and whether he is the right person to steer the Chelsea ship. The ex-Swansea boss has insisted that he is seeing improvement in recent displays though and took confidence from Chelsea’s 1-1 draw with West Ham over the weekend. Speaking after the draw, he said: “I think you could see positives in the performances for us, especially in the first half. It was a step forward for us in terms of the previous game and lots to go forward with. "We are in a process where we are getting guys up to speed, guys match minutes so the ability to sustain what we want to do is the challenge for us so there were positives in the game. We had real control of the game and it was a cheap goal from our perspective. That lifts the crowd and makes it more difficult but that is something we have to manage better. We will get better from the experience."