Tennis greats Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray are on a collision course after the Dubai Tennis Championship draw was made. World No.1 Djokovic is set to return to action in Dubai next week after his Australian Open win last month and could meet British star Murray in the quarter-final stage. Top seed Djokovic has been drawn against a qualifier in the last-32 of the ATP 500 event, while either Dutchman Tallon Griekspoor or Constant Lestienne await in the following round. If Djokovic is in the form he showed at the Australian Open last month and wins both matches, he could meet Murray in the last-eight. Murray's current focus will be on his Qatar ExxonMobil Open final in Doha when he will meet world No.8 Danill Medvedev on Saturday. The three-time major title winner will then fly to Dubai and has a tough opening draw against world No.11 Hubert Hurkacz. If Murray can progress into the last-16 he will face either Australian Alexei Popyrin or a qualifier, with the winner having the chance for a showdown match against Djokovic at the quarter-final stage. World No.70 Murray will head to Dubai full of confidence regardless of his result in Saturday's Qatar ExxonMobil Open final. READ MORE: Tennis fans split over Novak Djokovic Indian Wells decision after 'disgrace' comments    The two-time Wimbledon winner Murray was back to his best at the Australian Open coming through two five-set epics at the Australian Open en route to the third round. Only Medvedev stands in his way of winning his first trophy since 2019 and the British star is targeting “multiple” titles in the latter stage of his career. “Yeah, I mean, I want to win multiple,” the former world No.1 told reporters. “I mean, obviously I'd love to win one, but I have goals to achieve more than that.” DON'T MISS:  After Saturday's Qatar ExxonMobil Open final, Medvedev will also make the trip to Dubai for the ATP 500 tournament when he will meet a qualifier in his opening match. World No.50 Alexander Bublik or another qualifier awaits in the last-16. He could be tested further in the quarter-final stage by either Thanasi Kokkinakis, Dan Evans or Borna Coric. The Russian will have to wait until the semi-final stage for the chance to meet either Murray or Djokovic, who would have met in the previous round, if they all progress. Waiting in the other half of the draw are the likes of second seed Andrey Rublev, Karen Khachanov and Felix Auger-Aliassime. 