1923 episode five saw the Dutton family deal with the tragic murder of John Dutton following the ambush led by Banner Creighton (Jerome Flynn). The Yellowstone clan is in need of assistance and so Clara Dutton (Helen Mirren) writes to Spencer Dutton (Brandon Sklenar) asking for him to return from Africa, but how is he going to get home? Here's all there is to know about the cast of 1923 episode six. Spencer Dutton is distraught when he finds out what happened to his family when he was away and is determined to get back home to help. He joins a tugboat as a one-man crew, heading to the Suez Canal and from there, there will be more options on ships heading to Europe and America. Actor Brandon Sklenar has been in a number of films including Mapplethorpe, Vice, Midway, Karen, Emily the Criminal and Futra Days. His most recent role was in an episode of Walker: Independence where he played a character called Liam Collins. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Spencer leaves Alexandra a message saying that he has to go on this voyage alone but she isn't having it. She finds Spencer and tells him that she is coming no matter how dangerous it will be and for this, he admires her. Actress Julia Schlaepfer was behind Alice Charles in the musical comedy-drama The Politician on Netflix. She has also been in Madam Secretary, Charlie Says, The Sky is Everywhere and American Horror Stories. Banner is among the main antagonists in the drama who launched the ambush on the Duttons. So will Spencer return to get his revenge on the man responsible for his brother's death? Actor Jerome Flynn is probably best known for playing Paddy Garvey of the King's Fusiliers in the ITV series Solider Soldier. He was also Bronn in the HBO fantasy drama Game of Thrones and Bennet Drake in Ripper Street. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner to have ‘seismic exit’ after season 5 [EXPLAINER]Derek Chavez remembered in 1923 title card as star dies aged 32 [TRIBUTE] Someone else who wants the Duttons out of the picture is wealthy businessman Donald Whitfield. He strikes up a deal with Banner over the Yellowstone ranch land and is willing to do anything to get his hands on it. Actor Timothy Dalton rose to fame when he played the fourth James Bond, starring in The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill. He has done a number of voiceover roles in popular animations like the Toy Story franchise and was Sir Malcolm Murray in the drama Penny Dreadful. New to the cast of 1923 in episode six is actor Chuck Filipov who will portray a character called Spur. Filipov has previously had minor roles in shows like NCIS, Perry Mason, Stumptown and Players. Filipov is joined by actress Madison Elise Rogers as Lindy. This will be her biggest role to date and is going to star in three 1923 episodes in total. 1923 continues every Sunday on Paramount+ in the USA and every Thursday at 10pm on Channel 5.