 Friends of a man who took his own life have revealed cruel rumours about his partner's death drove the 35-year-old to suicide. Craig Daffern was reported missing after the death of his girlfriend Jenny Chanely on January 11 last year. Craig found Jenny, 36 in the couple's bathroom at their home in Westby on the Fylde coast, between Blackpool and Preston before he was falsely accused of being involved. Three days later he texted a friend saying: "I've had enough but I love you all", Lancashire Live reports.   An inquest into Jenny's death ruled that she took her own life after taking cocaine. However, her family voiced their concerns that Craig was somehow involved. Senior coroner Alan Wilson alongside evidence from the police and the post mortem ruled out any involvement, confirming the mum-of-three took her own life. Now Craig's friends revealed that they think the "disgusting allegations" are the reasoning behind Craig's death. One friend told the publication that Craig "would never have hurt Jenny". Another friend told the police the couple were "very happy" and they had never seen any evidence of violence between the two. One friend mentioned that Craig was planning on asking Jenny to marry him during a holiday later this year. The friend, who Lancashire Live agreed not to name, said the rumours "broke" Craig, calling for an end to the speculation. READ MORE: Five-year-old girl’s tragic Strep A death surrounded by family He added: "He was pushed to suicide by those comments and I can't even begin to imagine how he felt when he took his own life. "I just hope that those people who made those comments, and they know who they are, realise the consequences of their actions. "All of Craig's family have been dignified in not responding but someone had to speak out so that people know why Craig did what he did." Speaking after the inquest Craig's family said he "simply couldn't live without her" with hopes that "everyone can now move forward". They said: "As a family we cannot thank everyone enough for their love and support over the last 12 months. "To us as a family it means so much to know how much Craig was loved and cared for. "We are all still heartbroken beyond belief but in time we will come to terms with this utter tragedy of losing such a happy couple who loved each other so much. Craig loved Jennifer and simply couldn't live without her and we hope everyone can now move forward." Call the Samaritans free on 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org, or call the suicide prevention charity Papyrus: 0800 068 4141.