Tottenham will be looking to make it two successive home victories against London opposition on Sunday as they take on Chelsea. Antonio Conte, again, won’t be in the dugout for the match as he continues his recovery from gallbladder surgery. Assistant manager Cristian Stellini has revealed that the Italian is edging closer to his return but the match against his former side comes too soon for him. Although he won’t be there to watch the game in person, Conte will be hoping to see his side heap further misery onto Chelsea from his television at home. Tottenham beat West Ham last weekend in a dominant display, with Emerson Royal and Son Heung-min on the scoresheet for the home side. Therefore, a victory against Chelsea will see the north London side move to within four points of third-placed Manchester United. Conte will feel that injuries have prevented his side from mounting a true title challenge this season and he is without several long-term absentees for the Chelsea clash. Express Sport takes a look at Tottenham’s team news ahead of the match… Son Heung-min Korean winger Son Heung-min was dropped against West Ham, with Richarlison given a run out on the wing. The 30-year-old then came off of the bench to double his side’s lead, and he is in the frame to return to the starting eleven. Stellini revealed that Son was dropped to give him time to recover from a minor problem that has been causing him an issue over recent weeks, with Richarlison deemed to be in better condition to face the Hammers. The stand-in's explanation of the tactical tweak suggested that Son is likely to now be back at full fitness: “The decision (against West Ham) was about the condition of the players. “Richarlison had recovered 100 per cent, Sonny has a problem that he’s had for a bit of time, so sometimes a player who has a problem needs to recover and to be well prepared for the next period, and in the next period we have four games in 10 days, every game will be tough, and we will need every player at 100 per cent. If we have a player at 100 per cent and another at 70, we have to choose the 100 per cent player.” Conte must therefore decide whether the return of Son prompts Richarlison to drop to the bench or if he wants to stick with his winning side. Long-term absentees Tottenham’s long-term absentees are also no closer to making a return, with Stellini saying: “Same squad, not any news. The team is full like the last game.” Surgery to Rodrigo Bentancur (ACL) and Yves Bissouma (ankle) leaves Spurs short of proven options in the centre of the park, with Oliver Skipp expected to keep his spot in the starting eleven. Club captain Hugo Lloris and Ryan Sessegnon – who sustained injuries at a similar time – are both sidelined and not expected to return to the squad for at least another month.