More than two million pensioners are struggling with poverty according to the Centre for Ageing Better, but some of them could be missing out on payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). One such benefit is Attendance Allowance which is worth £92 a week, or £5,000 a year, and is paid to people of state pension age who have a health condition which means they need extra help around the home or when they are out and about.   Approximately 3.4 million pensioners aren't claiming Attendance Allowance which they are entitled to, to help them meet extra costs incurred by having a health condition or disability. How much they will receive depends on how the condition affects them, not the condition itself, but it could be worth up to £5,000 a year. Campaigners are calling for people, in particular pensioners, to do a quick benefits check as it could be a real help especially during the cost of living crisis. Pensioners don't need to currently have a carer to qualify, but they will need to demonstrate they need assistance during the day or night, or both, because of their condition. READ MORE: Top 10 countries to retire to as an expat considering cost of living Attendance Allowance is not means tested so it doesn't matter if a claimant is still earning or has savings in the bank. Claimants can check whether they are likely to qualify on the GOV.UK website before submitting an application. It's not the only benefit people are missing out on - some £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year in the UK. People could also get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction if they get Attendance Allowance. DON'T MISSLloyds, Halifax and TSB are closing 68 branches in 2023 - full list [UPDATE]Inheritance warning after family hit with £50,000 bill [WARNING]Martin Lewis tip sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 [INSIGHT] How much is Attendance Allowance per week and how do I apply? Claimants will get either the lower rate of £61.85 if they need help during the day or night or £92.40 a week if they need help both during the day and night or have less than six months to live. To start the application process, claimants need to request an Attendance Allowance claim form from the DWP which they can either fill in online or print out. Britons can contact the Attendance Allowance helpline to ask for help and advice on filling out the form which is 30 pages long.  Claimants can also ask for help with an Attendance Allowance claim from Age UK which has provided three tips to help people fill out the form successfully. Age UK suggests people:   At least 56 conditions qualify for Attendance Allowance including: 