Health and beauty retailer Boots has recalled a Kids Multivitamin because of undeclared soya. Boots and the Food Standards Agency (FSA) have shared what customers should do if they are affected. Product details Boots Kids Daily Health Multivitamins Strawberry Flavour Gummies Pack size: 30 Gummies Batch code: 82221103 Best before: May 17, 2024 READ MORE: Tom Kerridge shares 'best friend' in the kitchen for saving money  The FSA explained: "Boots is recalling Boots Kids Daily Health Multivitamins Strawberry Flavour Gummies because they have been mis-packed with Gummies that contain soya, which is not mentioned on the label. "This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to soya." The retailer ensured they took action to ensure the safety of its shoppers: "Boots is recalling the above product from customers. The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice: "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product." Boots' point-of-sale notice read: "We are recalling Boots Kids Daily Health Multivitamins Strawberry Flavour 30 Gummies due to it containing SOYA which is not mentioned on the label. "This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with anallergy to SOYA." Boots urged customers to follow the following guidelines if they are affected: "If you have bought Boots Kids Daily Health Multivitamins Strawberry Flavour - 30 Gummies as detailed above, and you have an allergy to SOYA do not eat them. "Instead, check if you have bought the affected batch code(s) / best before date(s) of the Boots Kids Daily Health Multivitamins Strawberry Flavour - 30 Gummies. The gummies will also be Orange in colour and not Red. READ MORE: Marks & Spencer to open 20 new UK stores - full list  "You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writing down the batch code(s) / best before date(s) for reference at home. "Return the product(s) to the store for a full refund (with or without a receipt)." For those who want more information on the recent food recall, contact the Boots Customer Care Team on 0800 9150004. The FSA echoed the retailer's advice: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to soya, do not eat it.