From hand washing to always washing laundry at the same temperature, everyone has their own habits when it comes to washing clothes. However, new washing machines and tumble dryers which use clever tech mean old advice can become outdated. To help Britons avoid making common mistakes when doing the regular chore, appliance experts at Currys have shared various “myths”. If you’re washing a full load of clothes, or dirty sports clothes, it can be easy to think that using more detergent will produce cleaner clothes. However, detergent takes a long time to dissolve and using too much of it makes it harder to wash out, meaning this should be “avoided”. Experts at Currys said: “Fortunately, many washing machines pre-mix the detergent and softener with water before it enters the drum. The detergent is fully dissolved, with the mix getting to work immediately.” This means going easy on the detergent can produce the same results, while also saving money by making a bottle last longer. READ MORE: Interior design pro shares six home decor ‘sins’ to ‘never’ make The pros explained: “From expensive wool sweaters shrinking to half the size, to a silk blouse wrinkled and creased, delicates and tumble dryers are a fashion disaster. Or are they? “You can tumble dry woollens and silks with the right tumble dryer, since newer dryers will have special cycles for drying delicates such as wool or even silk. This saves you having to hang up that chunky knit sweater for days on end.” There is often a common belief that in order for clothes to be properly cleaned, they need to be washed at a high temperature, 40C plus. However, modern washing machines as well as modern detergent pods can work wonderfully at lower temperatures. DON'T MISS:Method to clean your entire washing machine for under £1 [INSIGHT]I washed my towels with 40p white vinegar to restore fluffiness [EXPLAINER]Seven ‘easy’ steps to make cut flowers ‘fresher for longer’ [EXPERT] The experts added: “They can even purify water of harsh minerals so that detergent is activated at much lower temperatures. The result? Cleaning benefits of a 60C wash at just 30C. This is great for the environment and your energy bills too.” When it comes to bedding and towels, they may need to be washed at a higher temperature to get rid of bacteria, but for general clothing items, 30C is great. The appliance pros said: “Many modern washing machines will add steam into the drum at the end of the washing cycle. “It reduces wrinkles by up to a third, so you can spend less of your Sunday evening ironing and more time watching television.” Clothing fabrics nowadays tend to not get as creased when drying either, just make sure they are hung correctly to avoid creases. READ MORE: ‘Deter’ squirrels from your garden with cheap ‘DIY repellent’ Putting delicate fabrics into the washing machine such as silk and wool can be scary and it is often recommended to hand wash these items. However, according to the experts, hand washing can actually “stress” the fibres, causing more harm than good. The right washing machine can be even gentler than hand washing. Some have smoother drum surfaces and rotations, so Britons can wash silk, linen and wool in the appliance without stretching or snagging. It is a common belief that some outdoor jackets may become ruined if they are placed in the washing machine due to their fabrics. The pros continued: “You can actually restore the waterproof protection with the help of some dryers. By using the right amount of heat, usually medium low, they’ll take care of your outdoor coats.” In light of the cost of living crisis, making sure the washing machine is full before setting it off for a cycle is thought to save energy and produce better results. While this might be the case for some people, the experts said some machines can tailor the washing or drying cycle according to the weight of your laundry. This means each load, no matter how small, is washed with the right amount of energy and time. Look for the option on your washing machine which offers this as it could help you keep the wash basket empty.