Travelling is expensive enough between flights, hotels, eating out and excursions, so nobody wants to be caught out at the airport with excess charges. Flight attendant turned TikTok sensation Kat Kamalani shared her easy hack for saving those pennies. Flight attendant Kat promised her quick hack will “save you” if your bags are too heavy before your flight. This trick works for both your flight to the destination and your flight back home, but may come in handy more on return flights. Have you ever arrived at your destination with a perfectly packed case weighing just the right amount, only to find that you can barely close before the journey home? Souvenir and clothes shopping at your exciting new destination typically equate to more space being taken up in your suitcase. READ MORE: 'Never' check in a bag again with simple hand luggage hack  This often leads to overflowing luggage that can barely be zipped up, not to mention it is over your airline’s weight limit. Kat’s technique is a simple one that allows flyers to do their holiday shopping without having to worry about paying excess baggage fees on the way home. Ahead of your holiday, make sure to pack a pillowcase, because you might just need it on the way back. The insider explained: “If your bags are overweight you can stuff your pillowcase full of clothes and use it as a pillow on the aircraft.” This leaves room for those all-important holiday souvenirs or presents in your suitcase. This money-saving hack is also a money-saving one, as flyers will no longer need to purchase a special travel pillow. What’s more, a regular-sized pillow is a great way to almost guarantee some well-deserved shut-eye on a flight. She called the hack a “game changer” for overweight bags, and TikTok users were inclined to agree. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares the 'tastiest' food you can order on board  More than 37,000 users have liked the useful video, while it has been saved almost 4,000 times for future flyers. TikTok user @jennir28 called the hack “genius”, before asking if the pillow counts as a “personal item” - to which Kat replied no. @bscreationsnmore added to the tip: “Make sure you get a pillowcase with a zipper.” It would be a pity to lose any gorgeous garments on the plane. @lopezfamilyadventures1o0 seconded this: “YES! Took a zippered pillowcase filled with our beach towels and travel blankets that I ran out of room for. Used both ways - does not count as personal!” Frequent flyer @micalee21 shared her own handy travel hack: “I take a suit bag and I place as many jackets and sweaters in it and stuff its pockets with socks and what not.” Despite Kat’s insider knowledge, it probably is best to check with your specific airline whether a pillow can be taken on board alongside a carry-on, free of charge.