Lando Norris has predicted that the 2023 F1 season will see a 'shake-up' of teams on the grid and hopes it will benefit McLaren. The 23-year-old is coming off a successful year behind the wheel, but he's now hungry to match George Russell's achievements in his first campaign at Mercedes. F1 teams and drivers are preparing to head to Sakhir for pre-season testing, which takes place from February 23 to 25 at the Bahrain International Circuit. The 2023 season kick-starts a week later with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 5, the beginning of a 23-race journey. Despite his young age, Norris is now the experienced head of McLaren, partnering with 21-year-old Oscar Piastri, who has replaced Daniel Ricciardo on the grid. And after Red Bull's dominant 2022, he hopes to be involved in closer racing at the front of the pack to make for more excitement. Appearing on ITV's This Morning on Thursday, he said: "Hopefully, [there will be] closer racing than we had last year. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell relief - Mercedes 'issues' explained  "Always when there's a new rule change like we had, it takes a bit of time for every team to get back into it and understand the cars as well as what we will have this season. "Hopefully, we're a bit closer to the front. Hopefully, everyone is closer to each other, which will make the racing closer and make it better and more exciting for everyone to watch. "You might see a shake-up of different teams in different positions. Hopefully, that's us being a little bit further up and racing different cars and so forth. "Closer season, more exciting, more racing, and I look forward to it." Norris also explained that the 2022 campaign was positive for himself and McLaren. DON'T MISS F1 LIVE - Hamilton to risk FIA penalty, Mercedes chief honest on hopesToto Wolff explains what Lewis Hamilton 'doesn't want' from contractHamilton speaks out on Man Utd takeover with Ratcliffe plotting bid The British star was the 'best of the rest' behind Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes' duos in the drivers' standings, while McLaren finished fifth behind Alpine. But he indicated he wanted to go a step further this time around and mirror Russell's memorable feat last season by winning his first F1 race in 2023. "It's hard to say what pure success is. As a driver, I want to win, and that's obviously not something I've done yet in F1," Norris added. "But you have to take one year at a time and understand what success is in every single race. It was a good year last year, but I'm more excited for this year and what's to come." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here