Max Verstappen jokingly shouted "shut the f*** up!" as his interview with Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo was interrupted by the sound of cars racing around the track. The Dutchman returns to action this weekend with testing in Bahrain as he bids to defend his title and ahead of the 2023 campaign, drivers have been taking part in lots of media activities to whet the appetite of F1 fans around the world.  During a chat with Red Bull's new Australian acquisition Ricciardo - posted on The Sydney Morning Herald - Verstappen displayed his fiery streak as he snapped at a noisy bystander. Verstappen was questioning Ricciardo, who has rejoined Red Bull from McClaren having previously left in 2018, when the interview was gate-crashed in the background. The two-time world champion said: "What job did your mother want you to have?" To which Ricciardo responded: "She probably wanted me to be better at school. But now she's happy that I am racing." Verstappen replied: "I can understand." The Australian then replied: "She gets nervous, but I think she likes it deep down. She's like 'my homie!'" The background noise then interrupted the interview as Verstappen shouted: "Can you just shut the f*** up?" Verstappen and Ricciardo have remained in touch ever since the Australian left Red Bull in 2018 and he has now been welcomed back with open arms as he looks to provide support for the Dutchman and Sergio Perez this season. Ricciardo has noted a clear change in Verstappen, who he claims has become far more experienced and mature since becoming a world champion. “It’s actually been really nice being back with the team, but also with Max, Red Bull's new signing told Speedcafe.com. “In the few years now I’ve spent outside of the team, I’ve seen him grow and mature, certainly as a driver, but I think also as an individual. “Obviously there was the Baku clash but really, other than that – we were very competitive, of course – but I think we always had a very good personal relationship. “We communicated as well over text and stuff so it’s kind of just nice to see where we are. “Obviously, since I left, he’s become a two-time world champion, so to see his success and growth as well as a driver. “But he’s carrying himself really well and, honestly, he seems pretty unchanged, other than, you know, maturing as an individual.” Ricciardo will be a decisive figure in working on the development of the RB19 - alongside Verstappen and Perez - as Red Bull seek to write my history this season.