Liverpool have been warned that Chelsea star Mason Mount could have a “perfect” transfer alternative to the Reds as his contract talks at Stamford Bridge have come to a standstill. The England midfielder has reportedly seen negotiations regarding a new deal put on hold by the club as terms have not been agreed upon. Mount, who will be in the final year of his current contract in the summer, has been hoping for a new deal that puts him in line with the top earners in the Chelsea squad and alongside several of the new signings that have joined the club since Todd Boehly and co arrived at Stamford Bridge. The two parties have been at an impasse, however, prompting fresh links to Liverpool as Jurgen Klopp’s outfit hope to bolster their midfield options. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham is a top target but the Reds face competition from the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City for his signature, while Mount will also not be short of suitors. If he opts to leave Stamford Bridge and call time on his Chelsea career, Mount has been told by former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore that he would have a “perfect” landing spot in Newcastle, as he would fit Eddie Howe’s system at St James’ Park. “Recent reports claim that Chelsea have halted contract talks with Mason Mount. Personally, I would be very surprised if he left,” Collymore wrote for CaughtOffside. “He’s one of their own and has the potential to finish his career as a bit of a legend like John Terry and Frank Lampard, but, obviously, with 18 months left on his deal and no agreement to renew it yet, it is possible that he leaves in the summer. “I’ve already said I don’t think he will, but if the lad is seriously considering his future, a switch to Newcastle would be absolutely perfect for him. I wonder if Howe and the Magpies’ hierarchy feels the same way.  “Mount is not only the type of energetic player who would fit the Geordies’ system brilliantly, but he’s also an English Champions League winner who hasn’t yet his prime so he’d be a huge signing and would send a major signal of intent.” Newcastle spent an initial £40million on Anthony Gordon in January who operates in a similar position to Mount, as it remains to be seen whether the Magpies would be interested in Mount should he be available this summer. The Athletic have claimed that Chelsea rejected several offers for the 24-year-old in the summer and hope to tie him down to a long-term deal similar to Reece James, but if terms cannot be agreed upon in the summer then they could sanction a sale.