Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) could be about to make a huge leap forward in her career if her campaign to become New York’s district attorney is successful in the latest season of Blue Bloods. Unfortunately, she could be leaving some of her colleagues in the lurch when she makes her campaign official in the next episode on CBS, including her good friend Anthony Abetemarco (Steve Schirripa). The latest sneak peek at Blue Blood’s next episode on Friday has teased a worrying outcome for Erin and Anthony’s friendship. In this week’s episode, The Big Leagues, Erin is getting ready to launch her campaign for DA when the retired detective pays her a visit in her office. Anthony comes bearing a haul of late Christmas gifts and admits to Erin he’s getting ready to say goodbyes. “I don’t like goodbyes,” he tells her. “So when one’s coming, I make myself celebrate it instead of getting all mopey.” READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending “Goodbye? I’m not going anywhere,” Erin insists, but Anthony isn’t convinced. “Your campaign announcement is just around the corner,” he reminds her. “And when that happens, you are out of here.” Erin assures Anthony they’ll always remain close whatever happens with her career, but her friend has clearly been burned before. “I might be out of here, but never out of your life,” she says. But Anthony jokes: “That’s what ‘Shm-erin Shm-eagan’ said, the ADA who used to work in this office.” Although recurring star Schirripa is still expected to continue his role in the series, he may start to make fewer appearances if Erin becomes DA. Erin will no doubt start spending less and less time in the original office, so her trusted friend will probably be stepping back for the time being. He has also butted heads with her brother Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) over the years. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist cast left ‘very said’ after NBC cancellation [REACTION]NCIS LA’s Admiral Kilbride to reconnect with estranged son [LATEST]Lockwood and Co creator teases dark revelations in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE] However, Erin finally invited him to break bread with the family at the end of season 12, finally solidifying him as a member of the family. Although Anthony and Danny are unlikely to be on friendly terms any time soon, hopefully, fans will get to see one of their favourite characters just as often as they do now. Thankfully, Anthony will have the chance to spend some quality time with Erin before she kickstarts her new career in this week’s upcoming episode. An official synopsis reads: “Danny reunites with Mickey Patrick (Tom Cavanagh), his childhood friend and a former criminal, who comes to him for help finding his missing fiancée.” “Anthony surprises Erin with one last stakeout before her run for district attorney.” This week’s episode will be heavy on Erin and Anthony but could prove bittersweet if they end up drifting apart for the time being. However, there has been no word on Schirripa exiting his beloved Blue Bloods role just yet, so fans should still expect him to turn up in future seasons. Plus, this week will also see the exciting return of guest star Cavanagh, who will reunite with Wahlberg after 10 years since his first appearance on the show. Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.