A style expert suggested a small detail at Meghan's wedding may have been a hint that the Duchess of Sussex would approach royal life in her own way. Meghan Markle's hair for her wedding, which was thought to have cost the taxpayer £32million, was a chic updo, with hair falling round her face, framing it. Her hairstylist referred to the look as a "messy bun", and the look had a soft, relaxed feel. However, stylist Hallie Abrhams, founder of The Wardrobe Consultant, thought the look could have been more polished. She told Express: "I thought it was very pretty, but it did bother me a little bit that her hair was sort of falling. And a wedding's not the time. I don't think you want your hair loose and going astray." She suggested the style could have been a subtle nod to independence from the future Duchess. Hallie said: "Like an exertion of her own independence in little microaggressions." Hallie said the royal could have used her style during her time as a royal to communicate her sense of self, while a member of the Royal Family. Hallie said: "Little things to say like, oh, this is me, and that's how I'm gonna do it." There were a number of occasions on which Meghan's style choices drew criticism from royal fans. For the Trooping the Colour, the Duchess wore a pink off-the-shoulder dress. Twitter users called the look "inappropriate". READ MORE: Those infamous texts between Catherine and Meghan showed 'Kate wanted to be co-operative' One wrote at the time: "I do feel her choice of an off-the-shoulder dress was pushing it for HRH Queen Elizabeth’s Birthday celebration. I have a feeling she’s going to push the limits a little too much?!" Another said: "Off the shoulder is inappropriate day wear at the Trooping or any official engagement." On another occasion, Meghan wore an olive green dress and hat with Prince Louis' christening. It was noted by fans that all the other members of the family wore a light blue hue, including Carole and Pippa Middleton. Prince William, Charles, and Harry all also wore light blue ties. Recently resurfaced articles written by Meghan Markle for her blog The Tig dreamed of being a "royal rebel" as a child. The piece, written two years before she met Prince Harry, discussed Kate and William's wedding. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle could make £640K a year from 'mommy' project [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle wore $37,000 worth of jewellery in Netflix documentary [ANALYSIS] Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home [PROPERTY] She wrote in the 2014 blog post: "Little girls dream of being princesses. I, for one, was all about She-Ra, Princess of Power. "For those of you unfamiliar with the '80s cartoon reference, She-Ra is the twin sister of He-Man and a sword-wielding royal rebel known for her strength. We're definitely not talking about Cinderella here." She went on: "Grown women seem to retain this childhood fantasy. Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate."  Hallie explained members of the Royal Family often use their clothes to communicate without words. "One can look at what the Royals wear to many, many occasions, and they really are the epitome of speaking before you've opened your mouth. "I think there is a lot of forethought put into it. Some of it is protocol. You have to wear some colour, you have to wear a hat here or you need to wear stockings. "Sometimes it's, 'I'm gonna go to this country and I'm going to send a message because I'm going to wear a designer from there'. "If you're a fashion nerd you could really spend days down the rabbit hole and dissect all of it. And for those that don't know or don't care, they're still getting the message. almost like a subconscious message."