The hit crime drama series seems to be an ever-expanding franchise with three spin-offs to the original show, Power, that first premiered in 2014. The success each show achieved resulted in them receiving recommissions. Starz has released a teaser of what's to come in Power Book II season three and it looks like fans are going to see more of Larenz Tate as Rashad Tate. The third season of Power Book II: Ghost was renewed for a third season on December 7, 2021, which will premiere on Starz on March 17, 2023. Alongside the release date, a number of images from the third season have been released, featuring the likes of Michael Rainey Jr and Mary J Blige back in their central roles. The official Starz Twitter account shared a snap of a scene that showed Power’s original cast member, Larenz Tate. Tate plays the part of the ever-so-greedy political figure Rashard, who was willing to do whatever it took to accumulate more power in the political sphere. READ MORE: The Masked Singer USA announces series 9 elimination twist At one point there was speculation that the power-hungry Tate would be part of his own spin-off show in Power Book V: Influence, but that is yet to come to fruition. But it has now been confirmed fans will be seeing more of what Rashard Tate has to offer in the new season. It’s expected to see more dodgy dealings coming from Tate, as he is the type of character to not let anything get in the way of what he wants. Meaning fans could see him teaming up with Tariq St Patrick (Rainey Jr) in the next instalment of Power Book II. Fans were quick to express their excitement under Starz's tweet, which gave a first look into what's to come in season three. One fan, @sabirra_ commented: “I can’t wait to see Monet’s reaction when she finds out Lorenzo killed Zeke.” Another @jeremeih02 said: “Best shows about to be on screen can't wait #poweruniverse #GLG”. A third excited fan @ZiggyMr said: “Yippww!!! Counting down already,” with another @mahoodie3 agreeing: “Waiting patiently." DON'T MISS:Kevin Costner’s Yellowstone ‘replacement’ slammed after ‘cancellation'Law and Order SVU fans outraged as they 'work out' Velasco exit twistLNCIS' Michael Weatherly sparks fan debate as he unveils new look The official synopsis for the third season of Power Book II: Ghost has said that it "kicks off with Tariq St Patrick determined to get his trust, get back to his family, and get out of the game for good". However, Tariq's plans to reunite with Tasha (Naturi Naughton) and Yaz (Amaya Carr) were interrupted when a ruthless new connection put him back into business with the Tejadas as they’re challenged to move more weight than ever before. The storyline continues when Brayden (Giani Paolo) brought Tariq in as an intern at his family’s hedge fund Weston Holdings, while the drug business was expanding beyond Stansfield and the streets onto Wall Street. The season is also set to follow the journey of Mary J Blige’s character, Monet Tejada, who is seeking revenge after the death of her son Zeke Cross (Daniel Bellomy). Fans can anticipate that there will be another trailer coming with some additional news on what lies ahead for season three. The series has also already been renewed for a fourth season, meaning fans don't have to worry that this might be the last time they visit this corner of the Power universe. Power Book II: Ghost season 3 premieres on Lionsgate+ in the UK and Starz in the USA on Friday, March 17, 2023.