The business mogul spoke exclusively to Express Money about the steps it took to secure funding for her million pound business as well as her move away from fast fashion, and the push for sustainability. Living in athleisure wear throughout university helped her spot a gap in the market and create activewear using sustainable materials. As an Instagram influencer, Grace is constantly being sent fast fashion brand items, however, she became aware of how damaging this was to female worker rights as well as for finances, as fast fashion became a heavily bought into culture. TALA was created in 2019 with the mission to bring sustainably-made activewear that delivers on performance, fit, quality and style, without the hefty price tag. It has been so successful that last year TALA raised £4.2million in a funding round co-led by Active Partners and Venrex. The investment will be used to further TALA’s mission of bringing sustainable activewear into the mainstream, investing in inventory, hiring and international growth. She explained that she was able to gain the investment she needed due to her time in the industry. Being two years in, she was able to show an element of proof to her vision for TALA. READ MORE: New £400 cost of living cash payment begins in April - who can claim? By sharing her workouts, she was able to make money and generate income with virtually nothing. She said: “What I wanted to do with that was monetise the fitness information I was putting out on social media. So essentially I made this into a PDF and got advice from various different people and made it as a workout plan. “I then had Shopify theme which I had built one year before to sell some different recipe ebooks, as I was when I was putting loads of recipes up online. “I literally just put them up on sale made it look vaguely nice. I marketed that through social media and gifted it to a number of people. And then some of them posted about it and kind of marketed it that way. “But that was able to scale up in the way that then we managed to start Shreddy years later, in its current form through the app. “But there was so much I learned through having that minimum viable product out there.” READ MORE: So grateful': Widow relieved to discover she can claim extra £10,000 a year from DWP In recent years, the emergence of recycled fabrics and clothing rental companies has given shoppers more eco-friendly ways to buy clothes, and in the long run can help people save hundreds. Grace, who has just launched a new YouTube Edition about eco-friendly fashion explained the different ways people can start their sustainability journey. She said: "I always say find sustainable swaps that work for you. So what works for one person might be travelling less, but might not work for another person who might rather eat less meat. “I personally am really into fashion, and I love nice clothes and want to be able to engage in the fashion industry. So the ways I'm able to do that is by shopping through resale and rental for a number of these different things. “There are so many money saving aspects that come into that. So resale, for example, if you want to designer a bag, usually, if it's worth buying, you'll still want it next season and you can buy it on resale in perfect condition for about half the price. “I get almost all of my designer products, secondhand, which hugely takes a lot of the price and people keep them in such good condition that you really don't see a difference. I do that with a lot of shoes as well." She explained that on top of renting clothes for cheaper, people can buy an investment piece that's really good quality. If someone is using sustainable manufacturing and better manufacturing, it has to be a certain level of good, she stressed. When individuals really invest in staple pieces, they won’t have to keep buying them every year. She continued “You don’t need to be spending £100 on it but you want to know it will last you. “So really investing in those kinds of capsule wardrobe pieces and reusing those season after season because I promise you the basis of your wardrobe every single season is pretty much the same.”