Could you be damaging your hair needlessly and adding years to your face in the process? Nicole Petty, hair expert at Milk + Blush, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how mature women can look younger just by ditching their heated tools. Hair cut, colour and style are all important when it comes to looking younger. The right colour can highlight your features, while the wrong one can make you appear pale and translucent. Certain cuts, such as layers and bangs, can frame the face in a way that blunt cuts cannot. A classic chignon with loose tendrils around the face can also have an anti-ageing effect. READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine' But aside from cut, colour and style, how else can women look after their hair to look younger almost instantly? Nicole suggested that how you care for your hair when it's wet is paramount in preserving its condition. She told Express.co.uk that one of the best things mature ladies can do for their hair is to ditch their heated tools. She explained: "As your hair produces less sebum, it will naturally be less hydrated and brittle, so adding any heat will likely cause further irreparable damage that will make you look older." She offered a tip that will not only save your hair but save you time and money - electricity bills! - too. "Cut down on your use of heat tools by opting to air-dry your hair where possible or find ways to style it without heat." Of course, how you decide to air-dry your hair depends on what kind you have - straight, curly or wavy. Nicole gave her top tip for the curly-haired ladies among us: "Try adding a texturising spray to wet hair, braiding it, or using rollers." READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged' Sock buns, twist buns, French plaits and dressing gown belt curls are all ways to achieve beautifully bouncy curls sans damage. Nicole continued: "For straight hair, try wrap-drying, blow drying with cold air and delicately towel drying before applying a smoothing product." It might be unrealistic for some to give up heated tools forever, so the expert shared some advice for before you pick up your hairdryer or straightening iron. "If you occasionally use heat tools, use a heat-protectant spray - this will shield hair from damage caused by high temperatures." Dyson experts explained why heated tools can do irreversible damage to the hair follicle. The official website explained that exposure to high heat changes the shape of hair’s keratin strands. Some tools will not have temperature control or just have basic ones like low, medium and high. "Temperatures over 300°F convert the ⍺-keratin to β-keratin, which eventually leads to weaker hair that has lost its elasticity and become more prone to damage. "When the keratin is melted, your hair maintains that shape on a molecular level, and it's not reversible." Nicole Petty is a hair expert at hair extensions brand Milk + Blush.