Dave Myers, 65, was joined by his co-star and long-time best friend Si King to look at his new bike. The Hairy Bikers star had a rough time last year after being diagnosed with cancer in April. He has been undergoing numerous sessions of chemotherapy in his battle against the disease, which forced him to take a step back from public appearances. In January this year, Dave appeared on BBC Breakfast in one of his first TV appearances since his diagnosis. He said: “It (cancer) is still ongoing, but I’m kind of doing alright and you know, like many people, it’s something that one learns to live with. “But I’m delighted, my hair – I’ve got thicker hair than I had before I had the chemo.” Dave and Si became well-known household names thanks to their iconic hair, good food recipes and love for motorbikes. Dave’s latest bike has been purchased from Arnold’s Motorcycles of Burton. Dave said: “Big step forward in getting back in the saddle. “Si came with me to take a look at my new bike, a 500cc royal Enfield bullet trials bike. “Very exciting, thank you Arnold’s motorcycles of Burton.” Fans immediately rushed to the comments section to compliment the star and congratulate him on his new purchase. "Brilliant news Dave, you're looking great,” said one. Another added: "Lovely to see you looking so well, Dave. DONT MISS:Catherine Zeta-Jones oozes glamour at premiere with Michael Douglas (PHOTOS)Strictly star Gemma Atkinson opens up to fan over Botox speculation  (NEWS)Lost star Tania Raymonde returns to NCIS after 18 years (LATEST) One fan posted: "Excellent enjoy your recovery and more importantly enjoy many more ventures on your new motorcycle Dave." "Heartwarming! Lovely to see you, looking great, ride safely!" another commented. Earlier this year, Dave confessed he has been "learning to live with cancer"' as he provided his fans with an update. He seemed optimistic in a recent interview about his well-being following his cancer diagnosis last year. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, the chef gave an update on his health battle, for which he has been undergoing treatment since April. He said he was trying to move forward with his life as normal while fighting the disease with treatment. Meanwhile, his colleague Si previously opened up on recovering from an aneurysm in 2014. "It was scary for me, but I think it was even more difficult for my kids and wife Jane at my bedside," he told The Mirror. "I was rushed into surgery and I had an occlusion, which is an operation to stop the blood flowing through the ruptured blood vessel to direct it elsewhere. "After that, I was in intensive therapy for four days. I had all sorts of pipes and wires coming out of me, hooked to machines."