Staff and students at Kent University are encouraged to refer to others as "they" until they confirm their own pronoun. In a three-page document on its website, the institution has advised everyone to share their pronouns to protect "human dignity" and foster a "culture of inclusion". The guidance wants to "normalise" the act of sharing pronouns including he/him or she/her. It suggests the trans community can feel "other" if they are the only ones who are asked for their pronoun. It recommends using the pronoun "they" if an opportunity to find out the pronoun does not arise. The guidance reads: "This might be particularly useful if the interaction is short or minimal. "It is also a great way to demonstrate trans allyship." READ MORE: Police Scotland’s chief quits after Sturgeon forces £300m cuts  The guidance shared how the "singular use of ‘they’" was the Linguistic Society of America’s word of the decade in 2020. Staff and students are also encouraged to put their pronouns on their digital profiles, including email signatures as well as Microsoft Teams profile and "other" platforms. The university also recommends they "quickly apologise" if they realise they have mistaken somebody else's pronouns. It added: "Try not to draw additional attention to your mistake, or to the person you referred to incorrectly. "The societal habit of assuming people’s pronouns may be difficult to unlearn at first but, with practice, it will get easier." According to the university, people can feel "alienated" if they are referred to with a pronoun "that doesn’t align with their gender identity". It said: "Gender is assigned to a person at birth along with sex, according to certain anatomical attributes. "Sex does not predetermine a person’s gender, however, and this assignment may conflict with the person’s gender identity - their internal sense of their own gender and what feels right for them.   "A person might identify as male, female, non-binary (outside of male or female), genderless, or some other gender identity." Although the guidance is not mandatory, members of Kent University have said it equates to "linguistic policing". Matthew Goodwin, Professor of Politics at the institution, told The Times the guidance asked people to subscribe to a "gender identity theory" which many may not agree with. He said asking people to use the pronouns is the same as asking them to "affirm" the idea that sex is not fixed, which is hotly disputed. Kent University reached out to Express.co.uk for comment. It said: "We do not instruct or actively advise our students or staff on how to communicate with each other and we have never insisted that anyone uses a particular form of language or address. "This is a reference guide that has been in place for a number of years to provide people with tips, should they wish to use them, on how to support an inclusive community at Kent. "This also forms part of our wider work to make sure everyone feels welcome and supported across our University." 