Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt spoke with BBC Breakfast reporter Yunus Mulla who shared further details on the search for Nicola Bulley nearly three weeks after she disappeared. They also discussed the latest statement from Lancashire Police, who revealed that the mum of two had "significant issues" with alcohol. Yunus began the segment by sharing the latest details about Ms Bulley's personal life. He told Naga and Charlie: "Police have taken this unusual step of making public details of Nicola Bulley's private life to give us a better understanding of this investigation. "And what they say is that Nicola had significant issues with alcohol brought on by struggles with the menopause, which have resurfaced in recent months. "They've made this a revelation by consulting her partner, Paul Ansell and the family. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness "And they've also told us that last month police and health professionals were called to their home. "There were no arrests made and that incident is still being investigated." The presenter went on to discuss when Ms Bulley disappeared and the events that followed. He continued: "Now as we know, Nicola disappeared after she dropped her children off at school, she was out walking her dog, and she was seen close to the river Wyre. "And police are working on this hypothesis that she went into the river. "But this new detail has brought about some criticism on social media, but also from MPs as well." However, the segment didn't sit right among viewers and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Twitter user @canalangel fumed: "#bbcbreakfast what is the matter with you? Nicola Bulley is missing. The public duty element has been done. Now leave her & her family alone. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item  [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes admits 'Ruth isn't romantic' in marriage admission [INSIGHT]Unforgotten season 5 sees Nicola Walker's replacement take over [NEWS] "The public don’t need to know anything about her personal struggles, that’s private. #bbcnewswatch." (sic) Julie Colucci replied: "Victim Shaming/blaming at its finest. Shame on you BBC." While Ray added: "This is disgusting by Lancashire police to try & cover their uselessness & you're promoting it." Les Douglas raged: "SHOULDN'T the BBC JOURNALIST investigate & HIGHLIGHT the INCOMPETENCE OF LANCASHIRE POLICE!.. Lancashire Police NEED TO STAND DOWN & ASK FOR ASSISTANCE FROM ANOTHER FORCE!" (sic) "Another sickening exploitation of this case from ill-informed, attention seeking, social media types," Tony complained. "Leave it to the police and stop using the people involved." Simon Alcock went on to say: "Lancashire police? Outrageous victim shaming/blaming regarding Nicola Bulley’s disappearance. Basically they are saying “not our fault guv” #bbcbreakfast." (sic) However, some viewers praised the show's coverage on Thursday, with @AntonTheChap tweeting: "@TVNaga01 Brilliant coverage of the blood donation issue. So very important." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.