Tory MPs have expressed concern over UK national security, criticising the Treasury for under-funding the military. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace admitted that it is an "uphill battle" with the Treasury, as the Ministry of Defence attempts to ensure the UK army is properly funded. Backbench Tory MPs have also hit out at the Government for cuts to the military, with former Tory Party Leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith warning the Army has been cut "beyond the bone". Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood, Chair of the Defence Select Committee, warned the UK's security is looking "increasingly vulnerable" as a result of defence spending having "stagnated". When asked if the Government's reluctance to fund the army properly is putting UK security at risk, Mr Ellwood told the Daily Express: "This is what the defence committee has been stressing for some time. "Year on year, the threat picture is progressively deteriorating but defence spending has stagnated meaning our security and indeed economy are looking increasingly vulnerable. "Europe requires leadership. Britain can only play its influential role and protect our interests if we spend more on defence."  The UK is under mounting pressure to boost defence spending, as concern grows over the threat posed by both Russia and China. Britain has also sent significant weapons supplies to Ukraine, prompting calls for the Treasury to replenish its own stockpiles. Mr Wallace said it was his "duty to the public" to properly fund defence. He said he will have "lots of meetings" with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt between now and the budget - set to be unveiled in March - in order to "come to a deal" on the financing of his department. READ MORE: US airspace incursions show threat is 'changing for the worse' In a nod to recent speculation over defence funding, Mr Wallace said he is "not going to conduct the negotiations in public". He added: "I think first and foremost, the most important thing is that I present a good case to the Chancellor, a good case to the Prime Minister". While he said it is important for the UK not to "break our own fiscal discipline", as the Treasury attempts to get inflation under control, he also said it is the "right thing" for a department to argue for a budget increase to "meet their priorities". Sir Iain, who served in Northern Ireland and Zimbabwe in the Scots Guard, told the Daily Mail: "We have cut the Army beyond the bone. DON'T MISS: Starmer rages at Corbyn betraying 'principles of the country' [REACTION]Wallace dodges fighter jet question as he outlines defence plan [INSIGHT]Rolls-Royce leads 'landmark' UK aviation deal worth billions [REVEAL] "It’s time we stopped this nonsense and pretence that we can get military forces on the cheap. "It is not in a fit state to fight a Ukrainian-style conflict. "The MoD needs more money, but it must ensure what it spends is spent wisely and sensibly on machines that actually work." But former armed forces minister Mark Francois blamed the MoD for the money problems, saying the department is "trapped in a prison of its own making". He added: "They undoubtedly need more money... but they also remain in denial that their procurement system is broken. "If they want the extra cash they have to fess up that their system doesn’t work, and then promise to fix it rapidly." The number of troops in the Army was reduced from 83,000 in 2015 towards a target of 72,500 by 2025. The MoD has also been accused of wasting money after a number of scandals over waste. The department oversaw the "disastrous" £5.5billion Ajax tank programme, which is coming close to being scrapped after safety concerns with the vehicles. Meanwhile, this week it was revealed by the Sun that defence bosses had spent £31,000 of taxpayers’ money on overpriced luxury biscuits, with the department paying up to 25p for a packet of two Meredith and Drew biscuits – more than two-thirds more than they cost on Amazon, the Sun revealed.