Manchester City would still be very close to Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table if VAR did not exist amid a fresh wave of controversy around the system, which has been widely criticised by fans, players and managers alike over the last few seasons. PGMOL chief Howard Webb has reportedly summoned an emergency meeting at Stockley Park after a terrible weekend for officials in the Premier League, with several high-profile errors having been made in the last round of fixtures. Webb was forced to write letters of apology to two clubs after they were robbed by farcical decisions, with Arsenal being forced to settle for a draw against Brentford despite a clear offside in the build-up to the Bees' equaliser that was missed by VAR. Brighton and Hove Albion were also on the receiving end of a crucial mistake when Pervis Estupinan's goal against Crystal Palace, which would have seen the Seagulls win the match, was wrongly disallowed for an offside.An official PGMOL statement read: "Both incidents, which were due to human error and related to the analysis of offside situations, are being thoroughly reviewed by PGMOL."Brighton have suffered the worst with VAR this season but City are a close second, with four crucial decisions going against them and only one going in their favour. They would have drawn with Liverpool at Anfield if VAR was not in operation after Phil Foden was denied an equaliser that was initially allowed to stand, while they were beaten by Manchester United last month thanks to a Marcus Rashford goal that was originally denied for an offside but was later controversially awarded. JUST IN: VAR's seven worst decisions as Arsenal robbed and Man Utd benefit With that in mind, City would have at least two additional points if VAR did not exist in the Premier League, which would leave them just one point behind Arsenal at the summit of the table. However, when Brentford's wrongly-awarded goal from Saturday is taken into account, the Gunners would instead have won that match without VAR to pull themselves three points ahead of Pep Guardiola's side at the top of the standings.A total of 29 goals have been disallowed by VAR in the Premier League so far this season, with 19 being chalked off due to offsides, seven for fouls and two for handballs. Meanwhile, 20 goals have been retrospectively awarded by the system after initially being ruled out by the on-field referee. It remains to be seen whether the usage of VAR will improve over the coming weeks after PGMOL's intervention, which has already seen officials pay the price for their mistakes in the most recent round of Premier League fixtures. John Brooks, who wrongly disallowed Brighton's goal against Palace, was initially set for VAR duty in the Merseyside derby on Monday and for Arsenal's game against Manchester City in midweek but has since been removed from both matches.A club spokesperson for Brighton confirmed that they had received a formal apology from PGMOL relating to Estupinan's ruled-out goal at Selhurst Park, saying on Sunday: "As was confirmed to the club by PGMOL, a serious error was made in disallowing Pervis Estupinian's goal at Crystal Palace yesterday afternoon."The lines drawn in the VAR room to determine whether Pervis was in an offside position were drawn incorrectly, and the goal should have stood. While hugely disappointed by the error, the club have accepted PGMOL's apology and will not be making any further comment." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.