Jane McDonald has now gushed over the compliment paid by Emmerdale after they featured her in a surprising way.  Soap star Samantha Giles previously revealed the Yorkshire singer inspired one of the room names in the fictional bed and breakfast in the show. Jane today shared the news on Twitter in view of her 191,000 followers and typed: “Wow, what a compliment! “My very own room in the B&B on Emmerdale!! @emmerdale.” Viewers have seen how Bernice (played by Samantha) and business partner Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) have taken over the bed and breakfast. They have watched as the former makes her mark on the building. READ MORE: Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' “Bernice does tend to go over the top,” she told the Mirror. “All the rooms they’ve named after well-known Yorkshire actors and celebrities, so there’s the Dame Judi Dench suite and the Jane McDonald suite! “Bernice has done the décor and her taste can be questionable. "There’s a lot of gold pineapples – it’s really rather camp.” But on-screen things take a turn when Bernice sleeps with a man – who then dies in her bed. With Bob feeling stressed at daughter Cathy’s (played by Gabrielle Dowling) outbursts getting worse, he feels deflated when Bernice decides to book a harpist. The harpist – Tim – pops by ahead of the big launch and it’s clear Bernice is smitten and ends up sleeping with him. On the day of the re-opening, Bernice wakes up in a state of bliss in one of the bedrooms. DONT MISS:James Bond hopeful Rege-Jean Page wows at BAFTAs after fall (PHOTOS)Jamie Lee Curtis and Vera Wang look ageless on BAFTAs red carpet (NEWS)Eamonn Holmes fumes Harry and William have ‘embarrassed’ King Charles (LATEST) But having woken up late, she panics and runs out leaving Tim behind. An unkempt and stressed Bernice tries to cover for her absence with an exasperated Bob. Later that afternoon, Bob and Bernice anxiously await the arrival of their first customers. However, Tim, the harpist is a no-show. Defensive Bernice covers for Tim’s non-appearance. As the guests arrive for the re-opening, Bernice loves being the perfect hostess. However, she is floored by a shock revelation from Bob. To her horror, Bob tells her that he’s found Tim the harpist dead in one of the B&B bedrooms.