The high-profile celebrity couple announced their engagement at the end of 2006 but never tied the knot. 17 years later, Feltz revealed her devastation over Ofoedu's infidelity and announced that the couple had split earlier this month. Her former fiancé is best known as one of the original members of 1990's dance group Phats & Small, but has just been revealed as the new star of a show that arrives in London from Broadway and was made into a film featuring Mila Kunis and a host of Hollywood faces. Ofoedu has no prior live theatre experience but has been performing around the UK, first with the band Benz in 1993 and later as the guest and then, briefly, as the lead singer of Phats & Small from 1999. Solo projects and work with numerous bands followed but this new show is a complete departure for the artist. A source said: "Ben has just been cast in a leading role in impresario Paul Gregg's new play Tony n' Tina's Wedding. He will play the part of the event host Vinnie Black. He goes into rehearsals next week... It represents a new beginning for Ben." Tony n' Tina's Wedding will open at the iconic ArcelorMittal Orbit tower in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London on March 3. Rather than traditional theatre, it is an immersive experience that plunges dining guests into the chaos of a staged and increasingly dysfunctional wedding dinner, that happens around the audience as they eat. The show has been running in over 100 venues around the world since its 1988 New York opening. DON'T MISSJoseph Fiennes stars as Gareth Southgate in story of England penaltiesVanessa Feltz's brutal dig after cheating fiancé's lover speaks outBroken-hearted Vanessa Feltz makes emotional appeal Producer Paul Gregg said: "We're delighted to be hosting the truly fantastic Tony n' Tina's Wedding at the ArcelorMittal Orbit from Spring 2023. Join us for a celebration night out that includes a three-course Italian wedding dinner, which is enjoyed whilst the show unfolds all around you!" Gregg previously launched The Lion King in London but this latest show has traditionally played in non-conventional settings since its 1988 debut at Carmelita's, a reception hall, off-off Broadway. The show was a collaborative effort between thirteen jobbing actors, who share the writing credits and formed the original cast. The play was loosely adapted into a film that premiered in 2004 but wasn't released for a further three years. Despite starring Mila Kunis, Entourage star Adrian Grenier and Winter Soldier Marvel actor Sebastian Stan, it was very poorly received. One critic lambasted it as a "relentlessly unfunny detonation" of the original play. However, the staged version has played constantly around the world, including a 14-year run in Vancouver. TONY 'N TINA'S WEDDING OPENS ON MARCH 3 AT THE ARCELORMITTAL ORBIT