A multi-agency operation is underway to locate the debris from the suspected Chinese spy balloon shot down over the US on Saturday. FBI officials and the Coast Guard agency are combing a seven-mile-wide radius in a bid to recover the debris. According to Sky News, what remains of the suspected Chinese spy balloon will then be "analysed" and "harvested" for a "potential goldmine" of state secrets. The debris from the suspected Chinese spy balloon is believed to be in relatively shallow waters after it was shot down by a single air-to-air missile over the tourist hub of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Pentagon officials have said it has fallen into water that's just 47 feet (14 meters) deep. China has consistently denied any claims of spying, and said it is a civilian-use balloon intended for meteorology research. It is a "civilian airship" which had deviated from its planned route, China says. READ MORE: Cold war fears as China warns of 'further action' against US after spy balloon shot down However, US defence officials said they believed the balloon, seen above sensitive areas in recent days, was in fact a "high-altitude surveillance" device. Beijing has reacted strongly to the US' decision to shoot down its suspected spy balloon, branding it a "serious violation of international practice". The superpower has also vowed to take "further action" against the US after fighter jets shot the suspected Chinese spy balloon out of the sky. In its statement Sunday, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that “China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests, and at the same time reserving the right to take further actions in response”. DON'T MISSUS town evacuated as 50-car train accident sparks huge fire [REPORT]Video captures chaotic moment Americans use new roundabout [LATEST]Student victim put up 'fierce fight' against Idaho killer [INSIGHT] China’s Ministry of Defense echoed the statement later in the day, saying it “reserves the right to take necessary measures to deal with similar situations”. The presence of the balloon in the skies above the US has dealt a severe blow US-China relatiions just when they were starting to thaw. "There need not be a new Cold War," Joe Biden told Xi Jinping when the pair met in Bali in November. This was further consolidated in January, when the two countries’ senior economic officials connected in Zurich to enhance communication and co-operation between the two power rivals. READ MORE: Chinese aircraft 'intentionally' flew over US and was not weather balloon - US official But the presence of the suspected spy balloon over US airspace prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to abruptly cancel a high-stakes Beijing trip aimed at easing tensions. How the two countries have responded to the shooting down of the suspected sky balloon is telling. President Biden praised the military for shooting it out of the sky. “They successfully took it down and I want to compliment our aviators who did it,” Biden said after getting off Air Force One en route to Camp David. Onlookers on the ground cheered on as fighter jets shot down the suspected Chinese spy over the tourist hub of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. The balloon hovered directly above the Hardy family as they checked into their oceanfront hotel in Myrtle Beach. The family from Anderson joined several employees in the parking lot taking videos of the scene unfolding above before going up to their room ahead of the missile strike. Logan Hardy, 12, said the moment of impact generated a “boom” that shook the building. His room’s balcony gave the middle-schooler a clear view of the debris dropping. “It looked like stars falling down,” he said, adding: “I will never forget this day". 