Bravo’s hit yachting series Below Deck Adventure has officially come to an end, while fans bid adieu to Captain Kerry and the crew. Chief Stew, Faye Clark spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and provided a major update about her relationship with Seth Jacobson. Since Below Deck first landed on screens in 2013, the reality series enthralled viewers as it shared a glimpse into the highs and lows of running a charter yacht. The series amassed millions of fans forcing the network to expand into a franchise with four spin-offs. As a result, Below Deck Adventure became the most recent show to join Below Deck Mediterranean, Below Deck Sailing Yacht and Below Deck Down Under. This season fans watched as Captain Kerry led his skilled crew members across the scenic Norwegian Fjords. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah  Although the series came to an end on Tuesday, the stars wrapped production over a year ago and had been eagerly anticipating the show’s release. While much time has passed, Faye reflected on the charter season during an interview with Express.co.uk Speaking on her relationship with Seth, she detailed: “We have kept in touch and it's funny all the crew have kept in touch more than we expected. “He's actually a really nice guy a decent guy but during the season he didn't bring anything to me that made me think ‘wow’. So I kept it purely as friends and I care for everyone."  Faye added: “I think you'll see in the last episode that I did want to make sure he was okay because he was singled out a bit and that's because of his attitude at times. “But I care for everyone. We're all there together as a family.” Although Seth was wrapped up in bliss with Faye, he also had a tumultuous time on the yacht with his other crew members. As she dished out some harsh words to Kasie Faddah and Nathan Morley.  DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway fights tears as she confronts Matt Hancock [INSIGHT] Below Deck's Camille supported by 'best friend' crew mate after firing [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med's Courtney claims Zee romance was 'faked' [INSIGHT]  It wasn’t all smooth sailing as the crew were forced to deal with demanding guests, an overworked chef and complaining colleagues. Although tensions did rise onboard the yacht, the stews were distracted by newcomer Seth Jacobson. He joined the charter midway through the season following the firing of Kyle Dickhard to assist Lewis Lupton and the deck crew. Faye and Seth both found each other attractive as they often held one another’s gaze and shared flirty banter.   Their attraction was made obvious during the season finale, as the team celebrated finishing the charter with a special restaurant meal. As Seth ate his steak, Faye reminded him that he promised her a bite of his meal, as she teased: “You want a bit of my fish, right?” While she took a sensuous bite, Faye exclaimed: “Oh my God, that meat is amazing.” The whole table erupted with laughter while Stew Oriana Schneps joked: “I’m so uncomfortable.”  Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the US and on Hayu in the UK. 