There was a famous face making his NASCAR debut in Florida last weekend as Frankie Muniz fulfilled a lifelong dream. Muniz, now 37, is an American actor best known for playing the main character in popular 2000’s TV show Malcolm in the Middle. Muniz has held an interest in racing from a young age but put it on the back burner as he pursued a highly-successful acting career. Alongside his six years playing a relatable teen icon, he also starred in films including Agent Cody Banks and Big Fat Liar. Having been able to pick up his passion once again in recent years, Muniz competed in a series of high-profile events but reached his pinnacle over the weekend as he raced at the Daytona International Speedway in Florida. He now drives full time for Rette Jones Racing in the ARCA Menards Series and finished an impressive 11th in a field of 40 drivers, after an impressive ending to the race. Taking to social media, he wrote: “That was the most insane thing I have ever done. Got up into the top 3 before getting turned and causing damage. Went to the back and went from 24th to 11th in the final two laps.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell relief as truth behind Mercedes W14 'issues' explained  The race marks a stunning rise for the former actor and he admits it is a far cry from the role he played in the Grammy and Emmy award-winning sitcom. In a separate clip with Barstool Sports, he was asked what Malcolm would say about his race. He laughed: “I don’t think Malcolm would have the guts to do what I am doing today!” He does not plan on settling for high-placed finishes and has set his sights on winning an ARCA series race during his career. "I've been very fortunate in my life to get to do a lot of cool things but this is something that I've wanted, literally, since I was five years old,” he told TMZ. "I don't know exactly how I'll react but the way I feel right now with even the thought about it, it would rank 100% as the greatest accomplishment of ... Well okay, maybe having a wife, having my son. But, definitely number 3.”  Last year, he had suggested he would be willing to return to the title character for Malcolm in the Middle for a reboot, 17 years after the last episode aired in 2006. Rumours over a revival have since been put to bed somewhat by his co-stars and Muniz will keep his focus on delivering not-so-middling performances in his new field. The ARCA Menards Series gets back underway in Arizona on March 10, with Muniz aiming to break into the top 10 for the very first time. He admits it was not hard for him to switch from Hollywood to the race track due to his need to ‘live the most fulfilled life’.