American tennis icon Chris Evert has put John John McEnroe in his place following his remarks about Elena Rybakina. McEnroe, a former seven-time Grand Slam champion, said tennis needs more characters like Nick Kyrgios. McEnroe added that Rybakina's "emotionless reaction" to winning Wimbledon isn't something he wants to see on the court. But Evert, a former 18-time Grand Slam champion, does not agree and believes Rybakina - or any other tennis player - should not be forced to be something for the sake of entertainment. Taking to Twitter, Evert penned: "Personalities are great, but changing one’s nature or temperament for the sake of entertaining? Always had a problem with that." McEnroe was recently asked about the increasing number of meltdowns and outbursts on tennis courts following last year's Wimbledon. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic still waiting for Indian Wells decision as Serb confirms next tournament McEnroe didn't agree that was the case and explained why tennis needs more personalities like Kyrgios. He said: "You must be watching different tournaments than me because I don’t see many players having meltdowns at all. "And I know something about meltdowns, my past experience, and I’ve seen a couple of players, obviously Nick Kyrgios comes to mind having meltdowns on a pretty regular basis, but for the most part, tennis players are incredibly well behaved, maybe too well behaved in my book. "I’d like to see a little bit more explosive temper see the emotions, wear it on their sleeve, there’s a handful of people you see that, but I just saw someone win Wimbledon on the girl’s side [Rybakina] who didn’t show any emotion, so I don’t know if any of us wanna see that." DON'T MISS Andy Murray and Alexander Zverev downplay injury woes ahead of blockbuster Doha clash Emma Raducanu's ex-coach gives rare insight into Brit's 'demanding' work ethic after split Coco Gauff told to take eight-month break from tennis after dropping from world No 4 Rybakina made her second Grand Slam final at this year's Australian Open. She eventually fell short to Aryna Sabalenka in the Australian Open, but reaching two Grand Slam finals in six months was certainly a major accomplishment. Back in 1995, McEnroe was fined nearly £13,000 for his conduct at Wimbledon. At the time, it was the tournament's highest financial sanction since he was also hit with an £8,300 penalty for verbal abuse four years previously. However, he now cuts a much calmer figure in his role as a pundit and captain of the Team World Laver Cup team. Last September, his side took the trophy for the first time, spoiling the party that surrounded Roger Federer's farewell.