Police dive teams have been spotted for the first time scouring the water where the River Wyre meets the sea as the search for any trace of missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley enters its 14th day. An independent dive expert had previously called off searches upstream in the river for the 45-year-old who has not been seen since Friday January 27. But in apparent continuation of their theory Ms Bulley did enter the water, Lancashire Police have now moved the search to vast waters in Morecambe Bay. The move comes as the force also cracked down on "amateur sleuths" that have flocked to St Michael's on Wyre where Ms Bulley went missing. Detectives have imposed a 48-hour dispersal order for the village and a nearby abandoned house where have-go-investigators had been trying to search for clues. According to Sky News officers from the under-fire force have confirmed they are focusing on the mouth of the river Wyre as finding Ms Bulley "in the open sea becomes more of a possibility". The broadcaster said it understands specialist diving units have also been deployed to search parts of the 12-mile stretch of river from the bench where her phone and dog were found to the bay. Lancashire Police said in a statement: "People may have seen less police activity today than previously in the area of the river above the weir but that is not because we have stepped down our searches, it is because the focus of the search has moved further downstream into the area of the river which becomes tidal and then out towards the sea." READ MORE: British Army would run out of ammunition 'in days' if forced to fight after Putin's threat Yesterday international dive expert Peter Faulding, founder of Specialist Group International (SGI), warned the missing mum "may never be found" after his advanced equipment was unable to provide any sign of her. Underwater specialist Peter Faulding told Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell of his concerns when the pair met at the spot where she disappeared. Mr Faulding said: "She may never be found. We don't know. No one knows. It is unusual because usually you have some evidence. Here we have nothing. We have nothing to go on apart from a phone and a harness." Mr Faulding, who offered his services for free, has now confirmed they will not be helping with the search of the "lower estuary" where Lancashire Police now seem to be operating. Ms Bulley was walking her springer spaniel Willow in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, before she went missing in a 10-minute window. The dog was found alone near a bench where Nicola's phone was also found. Dog behaviourist Zoe Willingham told Express.co.uk Willows behaviour and whereabouts could "give more clues to what happened than we realise". She said: "For the dog to be found by the spot where the phone and harness were makes me think that’s where Nicola is/was last seen. If Nicola had left the area I'm sure the dog would have followed unless it had been tied to something such as the bench. " Ms Willingham said the other "strange" thing was that Willow's lead and harness were found on the ground close to the bench.  On how Ms Bulley's family are coping, Mr Faulding also said yesterday (Wednesday): "It was quite emotional, I mean, brings a tear to my eye to be honest with you, sitting with Paul for a couple of hours, hearing about Nicola and particularly the children, their 'Where's mummy?'. "That's not nice and they're clearly in distress and they've got no answers and nobody can give them any answers. It's difficult, we're all banging our heads together really. "Our involvement is we've searched it extremely thoroughly and we've ruled out, especially, the area where Nicola supposedly went in all the way down to the first weir and then onward down the river quite a distance. "And then that's my area cleared then, and we went upstream as well for about a mile upstream just in case, so it's been extremely thorough. My team have worked long hours on this to get this done and we have done it free of charge to help this family." Search teams from Lancashire Police and the Coastguard, including divers, are now focusing on the 10 miles or so of river downstream of the bench, where the River Wyre empties into the sea at Morecambe Bay. Superintendent Sally Riley, of Lancashire Police, described the search as "unprecedented", with 40 detectives following 500 lines of inquiry, with thousands of pieces of information coming in from the public. And officers were trying to trace dashcam footage from 700 drivers who went through the village on the morning Ms Bulley disappeared. But Supt Riley ruled out criminal or third-party involvement and on Tuesday reiterated the police's belief that Ms Bulley had fallen into the river, with her body still unrecovered and police treating the incident as a missing person inquiry. DON'T MISS: UK hit by earthquake as buildings in Essex shake after loud rumbling terrifies residents