New weather maps show that parts of Britain will be blanketed in up to 26cm of snowfall in a matter of days. Wales is set to be the most affected by the upcoming blizzard, as London is expected to only see around 7cm of snowfall. The wintery conditions are set to grip the UK in just under two weeks on March 7, according to WXCharts models. This comes after a major weather event took place last week - which was tipped to have a dramatic effect on the nation's weather fronts in the coming weeks.   The cold front will see temperatures plunge below freezing across the nation. Scotland is set to freeze with -5C, while parts of Wales will remain frosty on March 8 with -2C in the early hours of the morning. London areas will be a bit warmer and linger around the 0C mark, however, areas in southern England near Exeter could see the mercury plunge to -1C. Forecasters had been closely monitoring the situation after the Met Office admitted "major" sudden stratopsheric warming (SSW) had taken place in early February. This leaves no impact on the ground, but it can cause delayed sub-zero effects for Britain, with strong and cold easterly winds pushing across from Scandanavia and Greenland. While experts had been reluctant to predict such dramatic weather, maps are now showing a barrage of snow is set to push across from the east afterall. SSW was a huge factor in the deadly Beast from the East in 2018 - but there is not yet any confirmation of a repeat of this in the coming weeks.  The Met Office’s long range forecast for the next two weeks does not rule out the chance of a cold snap. From February 22 to March 3 it says: "On Wednesday, any rain will clear from the southeast in the morning. A mixture of sunny spells and showers, with strong winds and a risk of gales are expected in the west and north. "Temperatures are likely colder than of late for most, with chilly conditions at times. For the rest of the period, high pressure is likely to dominate for most, perhaps with changeable weather conditions in the north and west at times. "As a result, wintry showers and spells of rain are expected in the north, with colder spells probable in the north and northeast and overnight frost along windward coasts. "Dry and clear conditions are likely in the south, with light rain at times. Temperatures generally will be near normal, but colder overnight." READ MORE: Freeview issues important reminder UK homes should not to ignore  But it is towards the latter half of March when the brunt of the snow is expected. The long-range outlook from March 3 to 17 adds: "Through early March, high pressure will likely dominate across the UK with any more unsettled weather likely confining to the far north or northwest. "Generally drier more settled conditions are expected to continue, with occasional spells of unsettled weather possible at times, especially in the south later into the period. "Colder nights are likely in places throughout. Temperatures will likely be around or slightly above average for the whole period, with perhaps colder conditions relative to average more likely towards mid-March. "There remains a small but increasing probability of much colder weather developing as we move further into March." DON'T MISSExpert blasts Lancashire Police for Nicola Bulley search failures [INSIGHT]Woman claiming to be Madeleine McCann will take DNA test [UPDATE]Map shows exact place body found in search for Nicola Bulley [REVEAL] It comes as forecasters from Netweather warn of a "false spring" which has seen particularly mild temperatures for much of Britain. But this is set to lure people into a false sense of security - as cold weather is tipped to arrive. Nick Finnis, in a blog written for Netweather, said: "It will continue rather mild across many parts into the start of next week, thanks to a brisk southwesterly flow drawing in tropical maritime air. Temperatures again reaching the mid-teens widely across southern Britain and southern Ireland on Monday and Tuesday, low teens in the north. "But this early taste of spring could turn out to be a false dawn. Winds look to turn more northerly by mid-week, bringing temperatures back down to near or just below average on Thursday and Friday, with a return to frosty nights. T "here could be some wintry showers too in the north or northwesterly flow Thursday and Friday that follows rain clearing east on Wednesday, though any snow mostly confined to hills." 