Cristiano Ronaldo’s Al-Nassr team-mate Jaloliddin Masharipov has jumped to his defence after it emerged that the forward is staying in an incredible apartment in Riyadh. The former Real Madrid star penned a lucrative two-year deal with the Saudi Arabian side in January after being made a free agent by Manchester United. Ronaldo saw his contract mutually terminated at Old Trafford following his incredibly public fallout with Erik ten Hag. The forward claims that he had numerous offers on the table after the Qatar World Cup but opted for a move to the Middle East. The 38-year-old is currently residing in the Kingdom Tower, one of the tallest and most expensive buildings in Saudi Arabia, and being offered in-room service so that he and his family can dine in privacy. Ronaldo will rack up an almighty bill during his stay, though he was not the only Al-Nassr player to be offered that hospitality, it has been revealed. Masharipov explained: “Cristiano is currently staying in one of the best hotels. Probably moving into one of the best villas soon. “The same opportunity was provided for other players of the team. Someone prefers to stay in a hotel while others choose one of the houses around the stadium. The club creates the necessary conditions for all its players.” Ronaldo is likely to bed down in a property of his own imminently, and it will certainly be fit for a five-time Ballon d’Or winner. The Portugal international is adored in Saudi Arabia, with many feeling that his arrival will spark major interest in the Saudi Pro League and improve their chances of their 2030 World Cup bid being successful. However, despite having the opportunity to share a dressing room with one of the best in the business, some of Ronaldo’s teammates are struggling with the arrival of their new No 7. Al-Nassr star Luiz Gustavo has revealed that opponents have improved markedly recently due to there being more eyes on their fixtures. The former Brazil international told RT Arabic: “The presence of Cristiano Ronaldo gives his rivals more incentive to beat the league leaders. Cristiano motivates everyone. His presence guarantees a great advantage to our group because we learn from him every day, given the great technical and physical qualities he possesses. Cristiano Ronaldo was created for challenges, and he always succeeds. He’s already scored his first goal, and so he’s taken the pressure off.”