Princess Kate will never host her own investiture for the Royal Family as only three royals have been given this honour as part of their roles. Owing to her position as a royal through marriage and not birth, the 41-year-old, who married Prince William in 2011, has no succession rights, like her husband or any other appointed blood royals. Kate will never host her own investiture for the Royal Family as only three royals have been given this honour as part of their roles.  According to the official royal website, investitures are only hosted by three senior members of the Royal Family. The three members include Prince of Wales, The Princess Royal and the current monarch, King Charles III. It is also noted that the late monarch's youngest son, Prince Edward, is able to host, but however has, so far, chosen not to. Around 30 investitures are scheduled into the royal calendar each year, with over 60 recipients in attendance. READ MORE: POLL: Would you read Prince Andrew’s memoir? Some of the investitures have occasionally been held at Edinburgh's Palace of Holyroodshire, however most are held in one of two locations. These are the Throne Room at Buckingham Palace or the Grand Reception Room, which is situated at Windsor Castle. Some of the investitures are held overseas during state or royal visits. Despite only the three members that are mentioned typically holding them, other members, such as the Duke of Kent have held them in the past. Speaking exclusively to Hellomagazine.com, US-based royal expert Marlene Koenig claimed that the members who are chosen to host investitures represent the reigning-sovereign and have rights to the royal throne. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex looks ready for action as she wears army gear and tries clay pigeon shooting Typically during an investiture, the royal hosting will enter the room, accompanied by The Queen's Body Guard of the Yeomen of the Guard. The National Anthem is then played aloud, as the royal host enters. Following this, music is used afterwards, all performed by a military band or orchestra, will be a variety of music, and played aloud whilst the recipients are called forwards one at a time. The recipients usually are awarded this by the Lord Chamberlain. DON'T MISS Although Kate doesn't officially have a place on the royal line of succession, Prince William, is currently next-in line to the throne. The couple's three children, George, Charlotte and Louis, are currently second, third and fourth in the line sucession, as stated on the Royal Family's official website.