A single mum has professed her "love" for Idaho murders suspect Bryan Kohberger in a series of rambling, diary-like Facebook posts. The woman, who goes by Brittney J. Hislope on Facebook, claims she sent Kohberger pages of letters as well as photos of herself and calls him her "divine masculine". "My love interest…is named Bryan and is accused of murder, and I just wish to connect with him above anyone else," Hislope wrote on Facebook, noting that she had never spoken to the accused killer. "One way to describe my feelings for him over the last week or so…is kind of like being lovesick." She detailed writing the inmate long letters in the stream-of-consciousness style posts and spoke about how they both "likely sleep alone". "I know that the last I had heard weeks ago is that Bryan is being kept isolated from other inmates, and so I know that we do both likely sleep alone," Hislope wrote.  "Although I mentioned something about getting certain confirmations from him about his feelings and him being my divine masculine, I don't mean that I reach out to him to receive anything back at all from him, since I do that from a place of caring about him, sharing my feelings, and knowing what a serious situation he's in," the post continued. She has used the phrase "divine masculine counterpart" in several of her posts claiming that her and Kohberger are meant to be together because of their astrological signs. Hislope, who says she has a 16-year-old son, wrote her first post on January 4, just five days after Kohberger was arrested for the alleged murder of four students in Moscow, Idaho on November 13. The rambling posts defended her "love" for Kohberger and detail how she has gone "years" without sex. She claimed some people might not understand her "love" for Kohberger due to their lack of knowledge on "certain true love connections, such as twinflames, soulmates, and divine counterparts".  READ MORE: Idaho murder victim put up 'fierce fight' against Idaho killer After weeks of investigation, police finally arrested suspect Bryan Kohberger in eastern Pennsylvania more than 2,000 miles from the murder scene. Bryan Kohberger has been charged with four counts of first degree murder for the killings of than Chapin, 20; Xana Kernodle, 20; Madison Mogen, 21; and Kaylee Goncalves, 21, on November 13 last year. Kohbeger was a PhD candidate in criminology at Washington State University in Pullman, just a short drive across the border from Moscow. He has also been charged with one count of felony burglary and is being held without bail at Latah County Jail in Moscow. Kohberger appeared before the court on January 12 where he waived his right to a speedy trial. His probable cause hearing is scheduled for June 26 at 9am. 