Rebel Wilson announced the news with two adorable pictures as the couple enjoyed a trip to Disneyland. The Pitch Perfect actress typed: “Thank you @tiffanyandco for the stunning ring and to Bob Iger and the incredible team at Disneyland @disneyweddings for pulling off this magical surprise!"  In the comment, section fans flooded the star with their good wishes. jenminott typed: “This makes my heart happy that you have found your person. Congrats to both of you.” itzyks wrote: “Omg we got engaged on the same day!! how wonderful and congrats!!!” pr0tectyour3nergy1 shared: “AWWWWEEE CONGRATULATIONS QUEENN.” In images shared, Rebel and her girlfriend can be seen wearing matching pink and white striped sweaters with a black heart etched in the centre. One shot showed the couple sharing a kiss as Ramona extends her arm out to show off her new ring. The other shows the couple in front of Disneyland's Sleeping Beauty castle with flowers falling from above them. Rebel — who welcomed her first child, daughter Royce, via surrogate back in November 2022 — announced she was in a relationship with Ramona founder and owner of the athleisure brand Lemon Ve Limon, that June. "I thought I was searching for a Disney Prince… but maybe what I really needed all this time was a Disney Princess," Rebel wrote at the time in a sweet Instagram post. The pair began dating in January 2022 and they later attended Super Bowl LVI together in February of that year. "It's a very serious relationship and they're super happy together. It's been very cool for Rebel's friends to see her this secure with someone," a source told People magazine. Rebel previously spoke about being set up with her new partner "through a friend," though she didn't reveal who the love interest was at the time. "We spoke on the phone for weeks before meeting. “And that was a really good way to get to know each other," she said in May. "It was a bit old-school in that sense — very romantic." The Pitch Perfect actress recently said that she was "shocked" at "how deep the connection was and how instant it was" when she met Ramona. She had thought up until that point that she "was really looking for a husband" — to the point where she "[dated] about 50 guys in one year to try to catch up on the dating experience". "I always was a bit of a girls' girl and had deep friendships with women, but this was the first time that it was a romantic connection and I was just shocked," she recalled. "And then I was like, 'Oh, well, what if that was just part of my personality that I was repressing and wasn't exploring?' And maybe I should have 10 years earlier. My journey is what it is, but it's just awesome now to be in a relationship." Rebel explained that falling for Ramona is something that "just happened," while previously believing she was straight and just hadn't met the right man. But lately, she has been "reading a lot about" sexuality, which she has figured out is such a "complex and nuanced" topic.