Inheritance tax is charged at 40 percent of the value of an estate above a particular threshold - usually £325,000. Most people will want to avoid the taxman taking a chunk out of their estate in this way when they die, so mitigation is seen as key.  However, new analysis from the Saltus Wealth Index has shown many are not taking the steps they should, viewing the levy as a tax which only affects the wealthy, or not considering it at all. Data shared exclusively with Express.co.uk showed some 22 percent of Britons said they have not put any measures in place to address inheritance tax and do not ever plan to. This increased to 29 percent for those with assets under £250,000. However, the frozen inheritance tax threshold, in place until 2028, could present issues for this group of people. READ MORE: Older pensioners set to get £2,500 less despite triple lock rise  While many may think inheritance tax is a problem which will not apply to them, they could be affected sooner than they think. As inflation continues to remain high, people could find themselves inadvertently propelled over the inheritance tax threshold, especially if they own property. A total of eight percent said they had never thought about making plans for inheritance tax, showing this continues to be an issue among Britons. The study also found men are more likely to have IHT plans in place than women, with 63 percent of male respondents looking ahead, when compared to 49 percent of their female counterparts. DON'T MISSShell Energy could pay you to cut energy use [LATEST]Pensioners at risk of paying tax on retirement income [ANALYSIS]Widow could be eligible for £3,500 boost [VIDEO] In addition, only 33 percent of retired people told the survey they had plans in place for inheritance tax - which could be problematic for those wanting to leave a financial legacy behind for their loved ones. Mike Stimpson, partner at Saltus and co-author of the Saltus Wealth Index, said: “The years where inheritance tax (IHT) applied only to the UK’s wealthiest are long behind us. “Over the last 20 years, we have experienced a boom in UK property which means many of us will be impacted by IHT. “More than eight in 10 wealthy people either already have measures in place to address inheritance tax, or plan to READ MORE: Pension reforms for over 50s may have 'unintended consequences' “However, 60 percent of the remainder of the population have no plans in place at all. “This is concerning, given this backdrop.” Fortunately, Britons do not have to remain powerless about the situation and can take active steps to reduce their potential liability. One way by which to do so, Mr Stimpson highlighted, is by gifting money away during one’s lifetime. While the research shows only 23 percent of respondents have done so, the expert highlighted this as an efficient way to dispose of wealth, while loved ones could potentially benefit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In addition, Mr Stimpson urged people to have protections in place when it comes to their finances. He added: “Perhaps of even greater concern is that only 23 percent of all respondents have taken out life insurance in trust. “The potential costs of death can be high and financial impact significant. This will be exacerbated by the increasing tax burden on estates. “Ensuring you have the right protection in place is a vital consideration. “Not only then are more people likely to be impacted by IHT but few are taking the most appropriate steps to address it… time for change.” Before making any decisions on inheritance tax, Britons are generally encouraged to speak to an independent, financial adviser who is likely to have the expertise to offer guidance on specific circumstances.