Russia’s major oil tycoon and the co-founder of Russian energy giant Urals Energy with the son-in-law of Putin's predecessor Boris Yeltsin has been found dead in a cottage near Moscow. Vyacheslav Rovneiko, 59, a major oil oligarch of the late 1990s and early 2000s, was found in an unconscious state in his home in his house on Rublevo-Uspenskoye Highway.  However, despite the best efforts of paramedics it was not possible to save him, a local Russian news group reported. A police report said that "no signs of a violent death were found on his body". Rovneiko is believed to have been a Cold War-era KGB spy who worked in Belgium with Sergei Naryshkin, now head of the SVR, Russia’s foreign intelligence agency. He is also reported to have been close to billionaire Gennady Timchenko, seen as one of Putin’s most loyal oligarchs.  He had business interests linked to the UK, Belgium, Luxembourg and Cyprus, according to reports. He was reported in 2006 to have held a Belgian passport. Rovneiko was a graduate of Moscow’s prestigious Institute of International Relations (MGIMO), a training school for spies and diplomats. Russian business databases showed the ex-spy as a man with no face, and he was known as highly secretive. READ MORE: Russians fighting in Ukraine ‘at war with the West and UK’  He was married to fellow MGIMO student Irina, 63, and their son Nikolay, 40, worked as an investment banker in London, and studied at Kingston University in the southwest of the city. Rovneiko’s former business partner was Leonid Dyachenko, whose then-wife Tatiana was the powerful daughter of Boris Yeltsin, Russia’s first president. The pair founded Urals Energy, one of several major oil players he was involved with. DON'T MISS:'Enough said!' Camilla wades into woke row with at Roald Dahl edit  [REVEAL]UK still main destination for migrants as Belgium sees huge drop [SPOTLIGHT]Police warn locals to stay 'clear' from man dressed as Cookie Monster [INSIGHT] The company was floated in London in 2005. His is the latest in a series of mysterious deaths to take place in Russia in recent months.