 When Ashton Kutcher, 44, first burst onto the Hollywood scene he soon garnered a reputation for being the handsome party boy. However, in recent years the star has all but disappeared from the public eye and has given up his partying habits for good after a particularly awry experience in Italy.   Ashton first sprung to public attention portraying the dim party boy Michael Kelso in That 70’s Show and his character’s reputation seemingly imprinted on the actor in the public eye. The star often found himself in the tabloids during his first years in Hollywood, reportedly dabbling in marijuana and alcohol during his own partying days. However, in a new interview with Esquire, the actor claimed he hadn’t touched drugs in 10 years, aside from one THC mint which prompted him to stop taking weed entirely. At the time, Ashton had just undergone a vasectomy and was with his wife, Mila Kunis, 39, in Italy attending a friend’s wedding. READ MORE: Pauline Quirke is first Birds Of A Feather star to get MBE as she smiles at Prince William  As the actor recalled: “That s**t did not go well.” Ashton revealed that once the high hit, he became convinced that he’d lost all feeling below his waist. He quickly began to panic and sought out the refuge of his room – only he couldn’t find it. Mila stepped in to escort her terrified husband to their room, getting him to lie down on the bed.  However, Ashton soon forgot about his paralysis and started overthinking their finances. The actor became paranoid that they were going broke and convinced himself that they couldn’t “afford to be here right now”. After a troubling evening, a far more level-headed Ashton looked over his finances again in the morning. He hilariously recalled to Esquire: “I realised I had moved the decimal point.  “The minute weed became legal in California, I got banned from doing it.” Nowadays, the dad-of-two and successful businessman largely focuses on his family and has all but retired from showbusiness. Even though Mila is still active in the entertainment industry, the pair have managed to keep their private lives far away from the public eye. The couple first met on the set of That 70’s Show which catapulted both of them into stardom in the early 2000s.  Although he didn’t know it back then, Ashton was acting alongside his future wife who played Jackie Burkhart, Michael’s love interest on the show. Recently, the couple delighted fans as they made a small cameo in the show’s spinoff That 90’s Show, appearing now as a married couple with a son. In reality, Ashton and Mila share two children, Dimitri, six, and Wyatt, eight.