During a press conference with Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu, Stoltenberg acknowledged Turkey's concerns about terrorism and notes that Sweden has taken steps to address them. The NATO chief emphasized that there is no official deadline for the countries' ratification, but their entry in the bloc should be done as soon as possible. Stoltenberg told the press conference: "So my consistent position has been and remains that the time has come to ratify both Finland and Sweden and make them full members of our Alliance. They have both made big steps since we signed the joint memorandum between Finland and Sweden and Türkiye in July at the NATO Summit in Madrid last year. "They have removed any restrictions on arms exports, strengthened their legislation on terrorism. "And Sweden is also amending their constitution and stepped up the cooperation with Türkiye, also established a permanent mechanism to continue to work closely with Türkiye in the fight against terrorism. "So I continue to believe that the time is now to ratify both Finland and Sweden" He added that Turkey has valid security concerns and has experienced more terrorist attacks than any other NATO member. Stoltenberg said: "No other NATO Ally has suffered more terrorist attacks than Türkiye. And that's the reason why terrorism was an important part of the trilateral memorandum agreed in July. "That's why for NATO the fight against terrorism is one of the main tasks and why, of course, as we prepare for the Vilnius Summit, as we continue to adapt the Alliance, terrorism will be high on the NATO agenda. And I also believe that to have Finland and Sweden inside the Alliance will actually strengthen our capabilities to fight international terrorism. He also stressed that ultimately, the decision to ratify lies with the Turkish government and parliament. The NATO chief added: "Let me add one more thing. And that is that this is a Turkish decision. "It's the Turkish government, the Turkish parliament, that decides on the issue of ratification, and it's a Turkish decision alone. "Because what has to be decided by Turkey is whether to ratify the accession documents and that is a decision that Turkey has to take." He also condemned the recent burning of the Quran in Stockholm as "immoral" and "provocative" actions. DON'T MISS:Documents show BBC director general wined and dined by Cold War spies [INSIGHT]December 26 - 31 years since Mikhail Gorbachev's sad farewell [ANALYSIS]Ukraine gets vital energy supplies from Ex-Soviet states [LATEST] Sweden and Finland are trying to join NATO because they share concerns about Russia's aggressive actions in recent years, particularly its invasion of Ukraine. Both countries have long been officially non-aligned but have been close partners with NATO for decades The increased threat perception has led to a surge in public support for NATO membership, with strong majorities in both countries favouring joining the alliance. In fact, Finnish President Sauli Niinisto and Prime Minister Sanna Marin recently called for Finland to apply for NATO membership without delay. Sweden and Finland officially applied to join NATO in May 2022, marking a significant change in their non-alignment policies. If their membership is approved, it would be one of the most significant accessions in NATO's history, bringing two technologically advanced militaries to the alliance's fold and positioning them right on Russia's doorstep