Popular professional dancer Johannes Radebe, 35, has opened up about the trolling he received and his life growing up wanting to dance in a South African Township Johannes made history when he partnered with Great British Bake Off winner John Whaite in 2021. The talented duo became the first same-sex couple to perform on the show and even went on to reach the final. The pair lost out on winning the coveted glitterball trophy, however, coming runners-up to EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis, who regularly topped the leaderboard that series. During that season Johannes caused a stir when he performed one of their spectacular routines in a pair of three-inch heels. READ MORE: Sean Connery spewed expletive-filled rant at chef says Martin Compston Trolls took to social media to direct their anger at him, after seeing the dancer perform a routine in high-heeled shoes. Johannes revealed that it got so bad that he had to come off social media for a short while. Speaking to the Guardian, the dancer said: "What particularly shocked him was the level of abuse that the star received from mothers'. Are you sure this was a quote Johannes said himself or is this a line taken from the Guardian article? If so please change to reflect this He said: “What took me by surprise was messages from mums telling me I shouldn't be dancing with a man.”   “Saying it’s disgusting. And you can imagine what makes me sad – they have kids. He continued: “You mean, what if their child also wants to wear a sequin tailcoat one day?” Again, this seems like a line from the article rather than something he said - please check and change The popular dancer also revealed that growing up in the South African Township of Zamdela was hard. He revealed that he was targeted regularly and he had to "duck and dive" as he was mercilessly bullied while attending school.  DONT MISS: Jeremy Clarkson will be investigated after 25,000 complaints  [LATEST] Oscar-winning composer Burt Bacharach dies aged 94 [LATEST] Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split [INSIGHT]  The professional dancer also shared that if the bullies got close enough he would often get punched. He said: “School was horrid. They used to say to me, 'Oh sissy boy!'” Citing his mother as a protective guide, he said that he came through those difficult times because his mum always made sure he was covered with love. Johannes charts his rise to international success and his early childhood life in the township on the back of a new tour that will see the dancer performing live across the country. Johannes' show Entitled Freedom will tell the story of his early dancing beginnings in South Africa. Through music and dance the dazzling show charts his meteoric rise that saw him become one of Strictly's most popular and charismatic professional dancers. Johannes draws on his South African culture and influences for the show. He promised that the tour will have all the elements you would expect of African dances but performed with a twist. He said of performing dances influenced by his native homeland on the tour: “We’re a dancing nation. Sad, happy, we dance,” He continued: “[We will be performing] pantsula, gumboot, kizomba, and traditional Zulu dance – as well as ballroom and Latin with a twist”.