Households across Great Britain who don’t use mains gas for heating will be able to apply for their £200 Alternative Fuel Payment (AFP) from next week. This support comes as part of the Government’s energy bill support scheme to help Britons with the record-high prices this winter. While many eligible households would have started receiving their payments from the start of February, a small minority of customers, such as those living in park homes or on static houseboats with no direct energy supplier, will need to apply to receive the payment through an online portal. The application portal is currently expected to open on Monday, February 27. Commenting on the measures, Graham Stuart, minister for energy and climate, said: “Our main energy bill support schemes have seen millions of homes and businesses across the country get much-needed help to cover costs, with figures today showing nearly £3billion in Government support has been paid out to business to date.” READ MORE: Energy bills forecast to drop by more than £800 from July  Now, Mr Stuart said the Government is moving on to support those remaining few that are off the gas grid and are most difficult to reach. He continued: “I am determined to see households and businesses of all stripes protected from global pressures this winter – whether that’s those living in a houseboat, park home or operating a rural hospital or school.” With the online portal due to open, ministers are, however, warning households to “stay vigilant” to scams and only to enter their details on the Government’s gov.uk website. The Government website will be providing all official communications to those who are applying for support. DON'T MISS: Common appliance mistake could be adding hundreds to energy bills [EXPLAINED]Three key tax allowance to maximise before they expire in April [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    The statement continues: “No one will be asked for information by any individual or organisation prior to this or outside of the portal. Those that require additional help when applying for support may wish to seek assistance from a family member or trusted friend.” The £200 AFP comes on top of the £400 from the person’s electricity supplier and is available to households who are not connected to the mains gas grid and use alternative fuels as their main form of heating. READ MORE: British Gas owner Centrica reports record £2.8bn profits  The alternative fuels that deem a household eligible for the support include: People may not get the payment automatically if their home is either:  Applications for some households who live in a park, mobile or care home, or off the electricity grid who still haven’t received their £400 energy rebate will also open next week. These households will need to apply if they’ve not already received a payment from the energy bills support scheme and their home: 