Cleaning a shower screen so it looks sparkling and streak-free can seem like a difficult task, especially if you live in a hard water area. Shower screens often attract soap scum, limescale and other bacteria which can make it tricky to clean thoroughly. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their genius hack for removing cleaning shower screens. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Wendy Jones posted: “Hi, what is the best way to clean a clear glass shower screen, please? I’ve done it four times today but it’s still not right!” READ MORE: ‘Holy grail’ product to ‘restore’ white bedding for 29p The most popular suggestion was to use washing up liquid either with vinegar or by itself. Dawn Bird said: “I use white vinegar and washing up liquid. Spray it on and leave it for a while then scrub it with a green scourer, rinse and buff. Should be like new. Make sure your window is open.” Valerie Harvey commented: “Loads of washing up liquid works for me.” Carly Haldane agreed and wrote: “Fairy with hot water always works best for me.” DON'T MISS 65p effective deterrent to stop rats invading gardens - ‘they hate’ it [INSIGHT] ‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE] Manhattan apartment has cheap rent - but it comes with a catch [ANALYSIS] Kerry Dawson Chris Dawson replied: “Fairy liquid then rinse and buff - works every time.” Lesley Dunn posted: “Fairy liquid hot water and a squeegee then buff it up with kitchen roll.” Laura Jenkins-Sporton said: “I use vinegar and washing up liquid. Spray on, wipe then leave and then wipe with another cloth.” Washing-up liquid can be found in most homes, however, if you don’t have any it can be bought online or at a local supermarket. READ MORE: 99p item ‘dissolves’ limescale and ‘black gunge’ from shower heads Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Fairy Platinum Quickwash Lemon Washing Up Liquid costs 75p from Waitrose. Tesco Original Washing Up Liquid costs 55p from Tesco. Morrisons Savers Washing Up Liquid costs 37p and JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Washing Up Liquid costs 37p. Other suggestions for cleaning shower screens included using vinegar, Cif, a lemon, Mr Muscle, tumble dryer water, screen wash and an eco cloth. Christine Mcguigan replied: “Vinegar sprayed on the shower. Leave it to dry and wash it with detergent.” Denise Butler suggested: “Cif Power and Shine. Give it a little rub all over and give it a few minutes then rinse off and then use a squeegee.” Marnie Tindale commented: “Washing up liquid or Mr Muscle glass cleaner and then I use a Karcher window vacuum. No streaks or watermarks.” Tracey Kelly wrote: “Condenser tumble water - it’s great. No streaks.” Gill Harrison agreed: “Spray tumble drier water on it.” Christy Love said: “Dilute some screenwash into a spray bottle and spray directly onto the glass and wipe.” Paula Cherry posted: “Eco-cloth from Dunelm or Robert Dyas. No chemicals, just water.” Jaimie Michelle Ball suggested: “Rub the cut edge of a lemon on it.”