How totally we seem to have lost that reputation. It is shocking enough how energy prices have soared; but far more shocking still is how energy companies have responded to people who find themselves unable to pay their bills. The mess can be summed up by the plight of Jade Olton, trying to bring up four children – one a four-week-old baby – in a one-bedroom flat. Two years ago, her energy bills were £54 a month. Then her supplier went bust and her account went to British Gas, which has jacked up her bills to £364 a month. Unsurprisingly, she fell into arrears. One freezing morning she woke to find debt collectors threatening to break into her house and install a pre-payment meter. She is not the only one. Thanks to an investigation by the Times, we now know how aggressively debt collectors are forcing people on to such pre-payment meters. An undercover reporter joined a team from a firm called Arvato, employed by British Gas to collect debts. According to the investigation, agents are paid on an incentive basis linked to the number of meters they install. British Gas said it has suspended work with Arvato – but only after being caught out. Now part of energy company Centrica, it is not the only supplier behaving this way. I know from personal experience how aggressive energy companies can be. My wife was sent a stream of letters by Utility Warehouse threatening to break in and fit a prepayment meter to a property she owns over an unpaid bill. There was a good reason she hadn’t paid: it was for the wrong property. It took numerous emails and phone calls to stop the company handing her over to debt collectors. Had we not finally got through to the complaints department presumably a gang would have broken into someone else’s home and replaced the meter. In the case of smart meters, some customers have been switched to pre-payment without their knowledge – smart meters, it turns out, can be switched to prepayment mode remotely. I don’t remember that part of the pitch when we were enticed to fit them. We were told it would save money. There is a reason energy companies want to shift customers on to prepayment meters – it helps their cash flow. They get the money upfront. But for the customer the consequences are dire: you will almost certainly be paying significantly more than by direct debit. Moreover, it has proved hard for some people on prepayment meters to take advantage of the £400 hand-outs which all households are supposed to receive from the Government this winter. Payments are going automatically into energy accounts of millionaires, yet the people who need them are missing out. Even worse, if you can’t get to a shop which sells vouchers for a prepayment meter, you might not be able to keep your house warm at all. Fitting people’s homes with prepay meters is a backdoor way to cutting them off altogether. What is even more disgusting is that the bullying of low-income customers has taken off at a time of such huge profits. The sevenfold increase in Jade Olton’s energy bills just happens to match the recent increase in Centrica’s profits. Energy companies are making a killing thanks in part to high global prices made worse by the Ukraine war, but also thanks to our bungled electricity market. Under the bizarre rules, all generators supplying power at any one moment are paid the same rate as the highest-charging supplier. When the wind drops, reducing power provided by wind farms, companies have to shop around. That will often mean paying for a gas power station to be switched on for a few hours – at a premium rate. Yet for as long as the gas power station is feeding so much as a kilowatt into the grid, all providers will be paid the same, premium rate, however little it might cost them. The Government is trying to put this right by imposing windfall taxes on power providers. But it would be much better if we had a properly functioning market in the first place. Business secretary Grant Shapps has written to energy firms asking them to stop sending debt collectors to break into people’s homes to fit prepayment meters. But it is too little, too late. Energy regulator Ofgem is supposed to look after the consumer interest, but is failing miserably. Anyone who tries to complain – as I recently did – is told not to bother until they have spent at least six weeks knocking their head against a brick wall with their supplier. Trouble is, by that time the energy company may well have sent the bully boys round to switch you on to a prepay meter. Neither energy firms nor government can take the entire blame for high prices. But both could at least try to ensure customers are treated decently. At the moment they are failing miserably.