Ukraine would have fallen to Russia had Britain not used its new-found freedom outside the EU to lead the West to confront Vladimir Putin’s brutal aggression, according to a major new report. The study is scathing about the “feeble” response of Brussels at the outset of the war and urges the West to double down on its mission to push back the Russian invasion. It argues that associations of independent sovereign states, such as NATO, are far better equipped to deal with tyrants like Putin than slow-moving bodies such as the EU. The report, published by the think-tank, the Centre for Brexit Policy, identifies the UK’s leadership of the West’s increasingly robust response to the Russian despot as one of the biggest gains of Brexit. It points out that in the immediate run-up to the invasion and for the next nine months the UK spent more on military assistance to Kyiv (£3.7 billion) than all the EU institutions combined (£2.8 billion). The report, Putin’s War at Year’s End, singles out former Prime Minister Boris Johnson and defence secretary Ben Wallace for special praise for their swiftness in taking action. It was written for the CBP by defence expert Professor Gwythian Prins, a former adviser to the MoD, NATO and the UN. “Ukraine was saved from defeat by Day Six {of the war} by two men and one country, who were equally but differently indispensable," he writes. “It was good fortune, perhaps, that the British minister of defence was himself a former combat-decorated Scots Guards captain with a hard-charging reputation that he brought with him into politics. “Ben Wallace did not require advisers to tell him what the Ukrainians needed if they were to have a fighting chance.  “Double fortune for Ukraine was that Wallace’s prime minister was the most charismatic and consequential if mercurial, politician of his generation and also a man with a deep and exotic hinterland outside politics. “Wallace explained to Boris Johnson that what the Ukrainians required in the first instance were immediate supplies of man-pack ‘fire and forget’ anti-tank weapons. “Johnson gave his minister full backing to ride over the reservations of the British securocrats who, left to their own devices, would not have made the transfers at scale, at pace and in the face of German opposition in particular, with President Macron’s grand-standing solo diplomacy at its back.” The report shows how the UK’s decisive military assistance in the first week of the Russian blitzkrieg, intended to seize the capital Kyiv and to kill Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskeyy, was only possible because of Brexit and because it was no longer hamstrung by the EU’s Common Foreign and Security Policy. It states that: “The United Kingdom exercised decisive sovereign will in this most indispensable initial emergency sustainment. It simply could not have done this had it still been under the bureaucratic suzerainty of the European Union and its actual leadership in the Commission. “During those critical days when Germany was actively obstructive and France was free-lancing, the EU institutions were passive verging on catatonic.” Last week Mr Johnson said Brexit allowed the UK to “do things differently” when it came to providing weapons to Ukraine. He said without Britain’s exit from the European Union, he argued that providing Ukrainian armed forces with anti-tank missiles would not have happened.  Speaking at the Atlantic Council in Washington, US, on Wednesday, the former PM said: “I seriously think that it was in part because of Brexit that we were able to take a decision and to have an approach that was very distinct from the old EU approach, which was by the way all governed by the fabled Normandy Format which was agreed in Normandy in 2014. “For reasons that are now obscure to me, the British government decided they did not want to be involved in this. France and Germany led it, that was the EU framework. “If we’d stuck with that, I don’t believe we would have delivered the NLaws and I think we would have taken a very different approach, to be perfectly frank. “I think because of Brexit we’ve been able to do things differently and I hope in a way that has been useful to Ukraine.” Speaking about the CBP report Conservative MP David Jones - a former Cabinet minister - said: “This important paper sets the first year of the Russia-Ukraine conflict in historical context and identifies fascinating echoes of 20th century political and military crises. “In particular, it demonstrates how a reinvigorated, independent United Kingdom under Boris Johnson showed the flair and determination to lead the Western response to Putin’s aggression, losing no time in equipping Zelenskyy with NLAWs, while Scholz reluctantly sent 5,000 helmets and Macron urged appeasement. “Any doubts as to the capacity of the United Kingdom to exert a leading role in international affairs will be dispelled by reading Prof Prins’s masterly analysis. It shows that, outside the constraints of the European Union, and unconfined by the Common Security and Defence Policy, the UK galvanised the international community against the onslaught of a predatory adventurer. As such, it delivers a message of huge optimism.” 