Philadelphia Eagles rookie Josh Sills has been indicted on rape and kidnapping charges less than two weeks before he's set to play in the biggest game of his life after making the Super Bowl. Sills' charges stem from an incident over three years ago, when he was accused on December 5, 2019 in Ohio. Officials from Guernsey County allege that Sills, 25, had 'engaged in sexual activity that was not consensual and held a victim against her will'. Guernsey County are said to have conducted an investigation into the incident with a grand jury indicting the Eagles lineman on one felony count of rape and one felony count of kidnapping. Sills is now set to appear in court on February 16 - three days after the Super Bowl in Arizona. He made the Eagles team as an undrafted free agent, and is currently a back-up on the best offensive line in the NFL. The 25-year-old played high school in his local Ohio, before playing at college for both West Virginia and Oklahoma State, and went on to sign for the Eagles after not being selected in the draft.  Although not expected to play in the Super Bowl unless injury occurs, Sills' could not have dreamt a situation better for his first season in the league up to this point.  After not hearing his name called on draft night, he's part of arguably the best team in the NFL and is one snap away from playing in the biggest game of the season on Sunday. The Eagles defeated the San Francisco 49ers this past weekend to secure their place in the Super Bowl, where they will face the Kansas City Chiefs. Sills made his debut for the Eagles on October 9, when he came in to play against the Arizona Cardinals.  The Eagles booked their spot in the Super Bowl by defeating the San Francisco 49ers in the NFC Championship game. The 49ers suffered an injury to quarterback Brock Purdy in the first quarter, and were unable to get the ball moving on offense. The Philadelphia Eagles have not yet commented on the charges. ExpressOnline have approached the Guernsey County for a comment. 