As the Marvel Cinematic Universe continues to dominate blockbuster cinema over at Disney, Warner Bros’ DC Extended Universe has been somewhat more disjointed. Bad reviews and disappointing box office have plagued the likes of Justice League and Batman v Superman, amid their films and TV shows lacking in continuity. Nevertheless, a shakeup at the studio resulted in Guardians of the Galaxy director James Gunn being hired as co-CEO of the newly rebranded DCU, which will reboot the universe after the events of The Flash this summer. Fans rejoiced, but there was concern for the future of Henry Cavill's Superman who had made a sudden return. The Man of Steel actor had returned to film an end credits scene to Dwayne Johnson’s Black Adam, announcing his comeback on social media. However, it wasn’t long before Cavill had to reluctantly share that Gunn and his team were taking Superman in a new direction in the DCU – one that wouldn’t include his incarnation. The filmmaker said recently: “We didn't fire Henry. Henry was never cast. For me, it's about who do I want to cast as Superman and who do the filmmakers we have want to cast. And for me, for this story, it isn't Henry.” Nevertheless, hope still remains and here’s why. Gunn announced Chapter 1: Gods and Monsters as the first phase of his DCU franchise across a shared universe of Warner Bros movies and HBO Max TV series. The first of these will be Superman: Legacy, a film written by Gunn that’s not an origin story and will hit cinemas on July 11, 2025. There’s also a new Batman movie called The Brave and the Bold which will feature his son Damian Wayne as Robin. This project will exist at the same time as Matt Reeves’ The Batman Part II, starring Robert Pattinson as the Caped Crusader once again, set for release on October 3, 2025. Gunn explained that his DCU exists in a multiverse meaning that projects like The Batman Part II and Joaquin Phoenix’s Joker Folie á Deux take place in other realities with variants of the same character. With this in mind, so does Cavill’s Superman. And what will give fans hope is the fact that Gunn could bring him back to share the screen with the DCU’s Man of Steel, who is yet to be cast, at some point in the future. What’s more, the filmmaker has also had a Marvel/DC crossover in consideration. READ MORE: Henry Cavill fans devastated as Superman star 'fired' by DC When Gunn director The Suicide Squad, he confessed to Collider: “I've actually talked about that to the heads of both Marvel and DC, but, you know, it's like, they -- you know, everybody's open to everything, but whether anything would ever happen, who knows? But the idea of being able to bring Marvel and DC together in a movie is, that would be really fun for me.” Given that he’s now the DCU boss and he knows MCU chief Kevin Feige very well, surely such a crossover is inevitable. It’s also the most obvious place for Marvel to go next after their Multiverse Saga concludes in 2026. Whatever happens, we doubt Cavill will never play Superman again. And who knows, maybe he’ll be sharing the screen with Thor at the same time? SOURCE