While data shows nearly half (49 percent) of all Britons are looking for tips to make more money to help with the cost of living, many won't have thought about buying and selling websites. If you’re buying and building up multiple websites you can easily make a six-figure income, according to website My Millennial Guide. If this isn't quite up someone's street, selling goods online and delivery driving are other side hustles people can do from the comfort of their home. The cost of living crisis is forcing many people to take on extra work to earn more money in order to pay for rising bills. Working as a delivery driver for companies like Uber or JustEat, taking on freelance work or consulting, drop shipping or tutoring are just some of the ideas website My Millennial Guide has suggested. The website explains: "E-commerce means selling goods online. If you are an e-commerce seller, you can sell everything from food items to books in order to make a profit." An average monthly income for this type of work is £123 but people can make up to £5,000 in a month. READ MORE: Energy bills are rising again but Britons could save £47 a month   Tutoring is also a good way to earn an extra income and Britons can sign up to a site like Skillshare or TaskRabbit to find work and bid on jobs. A dad from Essex recently told Express.co.uk how he earns £15,000 extra a year uploading videos of him teaching guitar skills through Skillshare. Entrepreneur Marc Barnacle is one of the founders of Together In Musical Expression which provides sensory based music and relaxation sessions for people with learning difficulties and mental health conditions. Creators earn a commission based on the number of minutes their videos are viewed and bonuses every time a new subscriber signs up through their unique referral link. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING] Although it doesn't make this list, offering a transcription service and typing notes from audio pays up to £36 an hour according to This Morning's Consumer Editor Alice Beer. She told ITV viewers: "This is what I would do. If you can listen to audio and you type you can get 60p a minute on TranscribeMe." For people who can type fast 60p a minute works out at £36 per hour which is more than twice as much as the UK average of £16.60 per hour. Express.co.uk has also tested popular money making tips including a simple way to make £800 a month.   Most towns and cities will have an English language college nearby - it's worth contacting more than one as rates can vary massively from one language school to another. Britons are allowed to earn £7,500 a year tax-free from renting out a room in their home to a lodger and if they decide to go down the student route they will need a DBS and a gas safety certificate.  While some pensioners have no choice but to keep working past state pension age, others prefer to keep their brains active by still working but choosing to do fewer hours. 21 of the highest paying side hustles: 