Eastenders fans have expressed some suspicions about Emma Harding (played by Patsy Kensit) though, with several theorising Lola's (Danielle Harold) mum has darker intentions than wanting to get to know her daughter. The BBC soap has now confirmed Emma will be making an exit from Walford soon - could this prove fans correct about Emma's secret motives? Emma arrived in Walford just weeks ago and, after finding out Lola was dying, has been keen to get to know her daughter. She was beginning to take up so much of Lola's time that the hairdresser was forced to explain she would have to back off a little. Lola had become concerned she was missing out on precious time with her daughter, Lexi Pearce (Isabella Brown), and new husband Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick). As Emma said goodbye to Lola and Lexi, she slipped something into Lexi's hand as she hugged her, whispering it would be their "secret". READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments The locket contained a message which Lexi soon found to discover Emma's phone number. Some have taken to social media to suggest Emma is actually hoping to take Lexi away. There could be some weight to this prediction because actress Patsy recently confirmed she has finished filming her final scenes. She penned: "We're leaving on a jet plane! Don't know when I'll be back again… Going to the heat. "Great news this Friday that my severe chest infection I've nursed since December has now been diagnosed and I’m on the right antibiotics and need to convalesce for a bit and will be right back on my feet!!! "Cannot thank my amazing cast members at the simply awesome experience I’ve had working on @ eastenders for being so kind and loving to me." She added: "Big thank you to the BBC the producer's writers crew and the EE family. "Costume makeup AD's Ang at the help desk... Jamie and Danielle for making me laugh my a**e off every day. I love you both… Emma Barton.. so so many people…. A new adventure begins." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson told farm won't get special treatment [LATEST]BBC backlash as Nina Warhurst fails to apologise after MP swears [VIDEO]Coronation Street's Daisy horrified as stalking ordeal ignored [SPOILER] With the character leaving, could fans be correct that Emma is only on the Square to try to lure the young schoolgirl away? Fans have speculated for a while that Emma could be up to something, and some have gone as far as predicting Emma is planning to "steal" Lexi. Twitter user @SiouxBK wrote: "Really not trusting Lola's Mum in #EastEnders." @RiaSose added: "Hmmm….. there’s something about Lola’s mum that doesn’t sit right with me?? #EastEnders." @E20Launderette added: "Why do I get the sinking suspicion that when Lola's gone, Emma is going to try to steal Lexi?? @bbceastenders." @Rosepetal98_ penned: "I think #Emma sees #Lexi as a second chance at being a Mum… I think what she really wants out of her relationship with #Lola is #Lexi! #EastEnders." "Yeah Emma is definitely gonna kidnap Lexi after Lola’s death #EastEnders," @sharonsstacey added. @OliReading stated: "#EastEnders feels like Emma is going to kidnap Lexi." @RyanTheSoapking speculated: "The way Emma whispered in Lexi's ear just then was very suspicious. I think Emma will kidnap Lexi at some point. #EastEnders." EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.