Pep Guardiola is fearful Manchester City could be without Erling Haaland for the trip to Arsenal in midweek following an injury scare sustained in the 3-1 win over Aston Villa. The Norwegian powerhouse appeared to pick up a thigh niggle in the first half when battling for the ball with goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez. Haaland played on until half-time but he was then withdrawn from the fray amid fears he could worsen the problem. City travel to Arsenal on Wednesday in a game that could have a huge impact on the Premier League title race given the champions can leapfrog the Gunners and go top with victory. But Guardiola is concerned he may have to do it without Haaland after refusing to provide assurances the big centre-forward will be ready for the trip to London. When asked by Sky Sports' Geoff Shreeves whether Haaland will be fit, Guardiola responded: "Right now I don't know. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call "I don't know, he had a big knock, it's uncomfortable, the physios said we wouldn't risk it. We assess in the next few days. "If he is not ready we play another one, hopefully he is ready like everyone else but we will see." Guardiola also confirmed that Haaland was subbed at half-time due to the injury concern while Ruben Dias was hooked because he was on a booking. Manchester City took the lead inside just a matter of minutes when Rodri headed home at the near post - despite Martinez's best efforts to keep the ball out. DON'T MISS Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sent warning over health after stressful Leicester thrashing Four excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setback City then extended their lead when Haaland put the ball across the face of goal for Ilkay Gundogan to gratefully tap the ball home. It was then 3-0 before half-time when Riyad Mahrez smashed home a penalty after Jack Grealish was brought down in the box by Jacob Ramsey. There was no denying the England international anticipated the contact as he threw himself to ground following the small coming together. Villa responded well in the second half though and they didn't lie down as Ollie Watkins pulled one back in front of the travelling supporters. Unai Emery's new £18million January signing Jhon Duran then rattled the bar with a brilliant strike at goal that had left Ederson rooted to the spot. City are now gunning for Arsenal after the Gunners dropped points for a second successive Premier League match on Saturday when Brentford held them to a 1-1 draw. Mikel Arteta's side are now without a win in their last three matches having also lost 1-0 to City in the FA Cup before the 1-0 defeat at Everton. Arsenal are struggling for goals and they will have to be at the top of their game if they are to deliver a positive result on Wednesday when City visit the Emirates Stadium.