Canadian rapper Drake has placed a huge bet on the result of the highly-anticipated bout between Jake Paul and Tommy Fury in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. The five-time Grammy winner is no stranger to large wagers on sports events, with the infamous ‘Drake curse’ going viral, as whoever the rapper supports often loses. The 'curse’ went viral after fans noticed the multi-platinum recording artist has endured a horrendous streak of betting on the wrong fighters, athletes and sports teams in major events particularly after he shows his support online. The luck has been particularly poor when it comes to the combat arena, as the Canadian posed with Conor McGregor before his fight against Floyd Mayweather in their 2017 bout. Despite some high-profile losses, Drake remains undeterred when it comes to betting. He has placed a large wager on Paul and Fury’s clash, which has been brewing for years. On Sunday morning, the 36-year-old took to Instagram to post a screenshot of his latest wager with betting company Stake. Drake has placed a mega $400,000 at 3.60 odds for Paul to defeat Fury via knockout, which would see the rapper collect a cool $1,440,000 should it happen. READ MORE: Mayweather 'hurt' in Chalmers fight as icon relays broken bone fear Paul will be hoping that the infamous 'Drake Curse' doesn't come into effect on the back of the wager. Back in March 2022, Drake placed a £232,000 bet on Jorge Masvidal to beat Colby Covington but the latter crushed his bitter rival. It didn’t stop Drake doubling down two months later and placing a larger $550,000 (£454,000) on Justin Gaethje to defeat Charles Oliveira, only for him to lose once again. However, the rapper isn’t the only person to have put big money on the highly-anticipated fight. WBC world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has also placed a big wager on the contest and he unsurprisingly has a different outlook on how the fight will conclude, despite Paul being made the slight favourite with the bookmakers. “I’ve got 100 racks on it for an inside-the-distance stoppage, so if he loses, then I’ll lose 100 bags as well,” Fury told iFL TV. “I’ve got him at 3/1. DON'T MISSTommy Fury had a street fight with brother Roman as 'punches thrown'Mayweather vs Chalmers event like a ghost town with O2 left bare Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury radio coverage and more “I know Tommy is going to knock him out. What is a little bit stupid is I see all these experts and professional boxers picking Jake Paul over Tommy.” Drake’s ‘curse’ is not just linked to combat sports, with fans ridiculing the rapper for being behind Manchester City’s stunning Champions League collapse against Tottenham Hotspur in 2019. City were on the verge of chasing a maiden final in the tournament when a number of their players took a photo with Drake just days before their poor performance. More recently, Drake bet $1m on Argentina to defeat France in regulation time at the World Cup final - only for Lionel Messi to lead the team to a dramatic penalty shootout victory. It remains o be seen whether the Canadian’s luck will be on his side come Sunday night when Paul and Fury enter the ring.