Nurse Lucy Letby wrote a sympathy card to the grieving parents of a baby girl she is said to have murdered, a court has heard. The defendant took a photograph on her mobile phone of the card ahead of the youngster's funeral. Ms Letby, 33, is accused of killing the premature-born infant, known as Child I, in the early hours of October 23 2015. The prosecution says this was the fourth attempt to take the tot's life. Manchester Crown Court was told on Thursday (February 2) Ms Letby took a photograph of the card on the morning of November 10 after she finished a night shift - hours before Child I's funeral. She wrote: "There are no words to make this time any easier. "It was a real priviledge (sic) to care for (Child I) and get to know you as a family - a family who always put (Child I) first and did everything possible for her. "She will always be a part of your lives and we will never forget her. "Thinking of you today and always - sorry I cannot be there to say goodbye. "Lots of love Lucy x" The card contained the printed message: "Your loved one will be remembered with many smiles." Opening the prosecution case in October, Nick Johnson KC said the defendant later told detectives it was "not normal" for a nurse to send such a card. He told the court Ms Letby added it was the only time she had done it, but it was "not often the nurses got to know a family as well". Ms Letby, originally from Hereford, denies murdering seven babies and attempting to murder 10 others at the Countess of Chester Hospital's neo-natal unit between June 2015 and June 2016. Giving evidence on Wednesday (February 1), registrar Dr Matthew Neame told the court Child I was "stable" when he examined her at 10.05pm on October 13. He said he thought Ms Letby asked him to see Child I at 5.55am on October 14 because her oxygen requirements had increased. On examination, Dr Neame noted her abdomen was "distended", "mottled" and with "some tenderness". He said he noticed Child I's eyes were open and she "grimaced". Dr Neame said: "I don't recall it clearly, but it's unusual to see mottling on the abdomen. "My impression was the increase in abdomen distension may have caused (Child I's) lungs to be squashed... making it hard for her to breathe." The court heard Ms Letby retrospectively noted that at 5am Child I's abdomen was "more distended and firmer in appearance with area of discolouration spreading on the right side". Ms Letby, who was Child I's designated nurse, noted she gave antibiotics at 5.05am. She also retrospectively noted that at 5.30am Child I's "abdo distended ++". Jurors were told that at 7am Child I had a "significant" drop in blood oxygen levels and heart rate. Dr Neame said at 7.45am, her heart rate fell "dangerously low" to below 60 beats per minute, which prompted CPR to begin. Thirteen minutes of resuscitation from medical staff followed before she recovered. The court has heard evidence of numerous babies having a "mottled, discoloured" appearance before collapsing. Ben Myers KC, defending, asked Dr Neame: "Your view is mottling normally means circulation is not as good as it should be?" Dr Neame replied: "That's right." Mr Myers went on: "And the underlying cause could be infection in some cases? Dr Neame said: "Yes (but) when seen infection is usually accompanied by other signs." Mr Myers said: "Or low oxygen levels?" To which the witness replied: "It can be." The trial continues.