Karen Gillan, 35, secretly married American comedian and actor Nick Kocher last year. The Guardians of The Galaxy actress unveiled a series of snaps from her special day, which took place back in May in Dunoon's Castle Toward. She took to Instagram last night to share the stunning snaps taken by photographer Holly Clark with her 7.6 million followers. The first photo, a black and white shot, showed Karen facing away from the camera while wearing a jaw-dropping off-the shoulder gown with a flowing train. Karen could be seen standing next to a four-poster bed and looking back at the photographer with a sultry look, while holding a bouquet of flowers in her hand. In another picture her two friends, actor Katie Parker and producer Mail Elfman, could be seen wearing their bridesmaids dresses and smiling. The post sparked a frenzy among fans in the comments section, who were not aware the film star had exchanged vows with her longtime partner. Tall_tale_radio said: “Well done keeping THAT from the world! Congrats and all happiness to you!” Aaronnear chimed in: “Confirmation! Yay! Congrats, Karen! “Looks like a beautiful little adventure. Hope you share more pics!” Galaxyamethystcosplay added: “Many congratulations and kudos to your team for their secrecy! “I hope it was as beautiful and intimate of a celebration as you wished!” Karen plays Nebula in the hit Marvel series Guardians of The Galaxy and starred in the hit sci-fi show Doctor Who. She appeared in series five and seven of the BBC series as the eleventh doctor's (played by Matt Smith's) companion Amy Pond. Joining the show in 2010, Amy travelled to multiple universes with the Doctor during the days of Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss writing for the show. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [HOLLYWOOD]Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS]Jane Fonda issues warning after sharing 'big regret' in personal life [COMMENT] She left in 2012 but returned for one episode when Matt Smith took his final bow, before Peter Capaldi took over the role. Last year, as the 60th anniversary of the flagship show approached, Karen has opened up about her time on the show and admitted she "misses it" after not ruling out a return. Asked whether she would like to return to Doctor Who, Karen said: “Never say never! If I was asked, I would be really, really interested and keen. "It would be really amazing, I would like to do it with Matt Smith and Arthur Darvill if I was gonna go back." During the interview, she also revealed: "I was 21 years old [when I joined], so a baby, that was the big break of my career." "I went from not working very much as an actor to being in a very beloved show in the UK – and I miss it so much, actually," the actress told WIRED Autocomplete Interview.