Since leaving the UK and moving to California, Prince Harry has been playing polo at a professional level. The Duke of Sussex has had a passion for the sport since childhood, having attended early matches with his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, and played alongside — and against — his older brother, Prince William. Now, he plays for the Los Padres, a team founded by his old friend Nacho Figueres, an Argentine sports star once dubbed the 'David Beckham of polo'. In recent months, the Prince has been pictured playing alongside his compadres, and according to a Montecito local, his appearances have “done wonders” for the Polo Club. Richard Mineards, a former royal reporter who moved to Montecito over 10 years ago, spoke about Harry and his wife Meghan Markle’s involvement in the affluent neighbourhood, particularly Harry’s at the local club. Speaking to Andrea Caamano and Emmy Griffiths, hosts of HELLO! Magazine’s A Right Royal Podcast, last month, he said: “I bumped into him far more than I had ever done during the summer at my polo club because he'd been doing some sort of training to make sure he kept in [shape] for polo. He was a very good polo player — much more so than William.” He added: “I really do think that people are accepting them [Harry and Meghan]; they love watching Harry play polo. And it did wonders for the Polo Club because spectator numbers soared — merely to see His Royal Highness going through the paces with Nacho. So he does have some value.” The Duke of Sussex had been honing his mallet skills at the Santa Barbara Polo Club, just a short drive away from Montecito. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's 5-year plan 'should include a move back to UK to reinvent themselves' In 2021, a friend of the Prince told Mr Mineards: “Harry has always been the more accomplished player of the two brothers and could have been a professional. “He obviously wants to keep up the skills from his days playing at the Guards Club at Windsor and Cowdray Park, and now has one of the best polo clubs on the West Coast in his backyard.” They continued: “I’m sure that in the near future, he’ll be playing in matches at the club, not just practising there. Harry’s visits have been very low key with just a few security men trailing in a black Range Rover in attendance with Queen Elizabeth’s grandson, presumably on a borrowed polo pony, honing his talents.”  Since then, the Duke has become a regular at the polo club and has played in several matches under the name Harry Wales. However, Harry soon got back on the horse and continued to play his favoured childhood sport. In August, he competed in an annual US charity polo tournament, raising money for Sentebale — the charity he founded that works with children and young people in southern Africa. Playing alongside Nacho Figueras, who is the charity’s ambassador, the Prince rode to victory, with commentators praising his “superstar” play. Nacho later praised Harry as a “noble” and “rock solid” friend who was truly committed to Sentebale. He told PA at the time: “Being able to be here playing a sport that we love and that we share together as friends and teammates, while supporting a great cause like Sentebale, it’s a great thing.” He added: “We’ve been friends for quite a long time now… he’s been rock solid from day one. I like everything about him. He is noble, he is a good friend (and) he’s a very good polo player. He’s a competitive person… he likes to win.” Harry set up Sentebale in 2006 with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho; the charity works with children and young people in southern Africa whose lives have been affected by extreme poverty, inequality, HIV/AIDS and, more recently, coronavirus. The Sentebale ISPS Handa Polo Cup is held annually at the Aspen Valley Polo Club and serves as the single-largest fundraising event for the charity. Ahead of the event, Harry said: “Sixteen years ago, Prince Seeiso and I founded Sentebale in honour of our mothers’ work in HIV, and named after my mum’s favourite flower, the ‘forget-me-not’ in Sesotho, representing our commitment to always remembering and advocating for those in need. “We are all proud of the support we are able to give the young people of Lesotho and Botswana to feel empowered, healthy, resilient, and able to thrive. The funds raised this year will be invested in these communities at a critical time, as inequalities have been exacerbated by the pandemic. “We are enormously grateful to our partners and supporters here today, especially our long-standing title sponsor, ISPS Handa, for making the day possible.”