Lorius Karius has confirmed he will sit down with Newcastle United about his contract before the summer transfer window. The Liverpool flop's cup final redemption story didn't go as planned on Sunday, but he has hinted that he could have a future at St. James' Park beyond this season. Nick Pope's suspension and Martin Dubravka's cup-tied status saw Karius make his first appearance in around two years against Manchester United in the Carabao Cup final. But, despite a commendable performance by Karius and Eddie Howe's other stars, Newcastle didn't have enough to prevent a 2-0 defeat at Wembley Stadium. The 29-year-old has admitted that the bizarre scenario taught him that anything is possible in football. And he suggested he could be at Newcastle beyond his July contract expiry to pursue a 'dream ending' to the story next season. JUST IN: Chelsea stars 'not getting on' as Mykhaylo Mudryk decisions questioned He said: "Football is not always easy. It's really fun when you're at the top, but it can be not so much fun when you are at the bottom. I have experienced both in my career. "I have learned from everything, and I am still hungry and think I've got a lot of years to play. I think I showed that I don't need to hide or anything, and that I can still perform at this level. "If we had won the cup, it would have been a great story. Unfortunately, it's not the dream ending, but who knows? "Maybe we will be here again next year with Newcastle. Maybe we will play another one. You never know. DON'T MISS Phil Jones claims Man Utd have a better player than Lionel MessiPotter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham lossGraham Potter 'fears he's being undermined by his Chelsea players' "The last week showed me again that, in football, anything is possible, ups and downs. Who knows? I'm not writing anything off. Hopefully, the story will have a very good ending one day." Karius added that he expects to meet Howe for contract talks before the summer after making a solid account of himself at Wembley. "Right now, it's [contract] to the summer, and then we will see. We will sit down together," Karius explained. "There was no need to do anything like that at this moment. We've got a lot of goalkeepers at the club, and I think our group is very good, quality-wise." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here