Tottenham have earmarked Montpellier forward Elye Wahi as a potential summer signing amid the ongoing speculation over Harry Kane's long-term future at the club, according to reports. The 20-year-old has amassed 10 goal contributions from 21 appearances in all competitions for Montpellier this season and is said to have been catching the eye of some of Europe's biggest clubs as a result of his recent form. Tottenham have joined Arsenal in the race to land Wahi at the end of the campaign and could succeed with a cut-price bid for the young forward if Fabio Paratici gets to work in the summer, according to Christian Falk. It is said that Borussia Dortmund are also keen on Wahi's services but are unlikely to snap him up in the face of Premier League interest, which could open the door for Spurs and their north London rivals to pounce when the bidding opens.Wahi is valued at just £16million by Transfermarkt and is said to have recently changed his agent as he considers a move away from Montpellier in order to continue his development by taking the next step in his career. His performances in France as of late will certainly have clubs interested prior to the start of next season, although it remains to be seen where he will end up if Tottenham and Arsenal enter into a direct bidding war for his signature.He would have the potential to be a shrewd addition for Spurs, who are still sweating over the future of Kane as a result of the uncertainty over his contract situation at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The England skipper's current deal is set to expire in 2024 and although he has previously indicated a desire to agree fresh terms, he is yet to do so and there is a possibility that he could leave in the summer if his employers decide to cash in while they can. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta makes complaint over players after Leicester win Bayern Munich have been heavily linked with a move for Kane at the end of the campaign and have reportedly admired his goalscoring prowess from a distance for a number of years. The German champions are yet to find a true replacement for Robert Lewandowski, who left the club to join Barcelona in pre-season, and would likely jump at the chance to add Kane to their ranks if the opportunity arises over the coming months.Wahi's young age, impressive form and high ceiling for growth would make him a possible long-term replacement for Kane at Tottenham if he can harness his full potential in the event of a summer switch. However, it seems plausible that Arsenal could emerge as his preferred destination if the Gunners manage to clinch this season's Premier League title, which would give them no shortage of additional pulling power in the market. Mikel Arteta could be on the lookout for a new centre-forward when the campaign draws to a close if Folarin Balogun moves on after his impressive loan spell at Rennes over the last few months. However, only time will tell if Arsenal will eventually decide to firm up their interest in Wahi or if Tottenham will be able to push a deal over the line at the expense of their local rivals in due course.Wahi is a product of Montpellier's youth system and excelled in their under-19 squad before quickly establishing himself as an important member of their senior group. He has already racked up a total of 79 appearances for the one-time Ligue 1 champions and is a goalscorer at youth international level for France after opening his account for their under-21 side last year. Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.