Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday for the final episode of the latest season and it features both tragedy and heart-warming moments. Fans have been waiting patiently for Trixie Franklin (played by Helen George) and Matthew Aylward's (Olly Rix) big day. Both stars opened up about how their co-star Megan Cusack had an accident on set. The wedding of the year will be the main focus of the season finale and Trixie's brother Geoffrey comes to visit. As he plans her hen party, Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) is tasked with sorting wedding gifts. Stars Helen George and Olly Rix gave some behind-the-scenes insight on shooting the grand celebration. Matthew star Olly said his co-star Megan Cusack, who plays Nancy Corrigan, had a "heart-stopping" wardrobe malfunction. READ MORE: Call The Midwife's Helen George details unlikely drama while filming Helen started off explaining the wedding shoot: "It wasn't chaotic, it was very calm and even if there was chaos, people kept it from us. "Everyone was lovely to us and I got presents in the morning, it was all very sweet. "I had a special breakfast on a tray while I got my makeup done. I was late for the wedding and everybody was just very kind. "We filmed the on-the-steps moment before we filmed walking down the aisle and that was wonderful. "Just being outside and with all the cast around us throwing rice on us," she said during a Radio Times question and answer session. "The church itself was very beautiful, it was just a very beautifully put together church, it was very well chosen, that was great. "It was loads of fun and it's always lovely when we come away from our normal set, we have a day trip and all the nuns went for a posh lunch together. "Megan got pizza all down her bridesmaid's dress," she added. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife's Helen George teases 'tragedy' in emotional finale Call The Midwife's Megan Cusack pays tribute to 'welcoming' co-stars Call the Midwife stars tease 'weakness' in Trixie and Matthew bond Olly then jumped in to say how Megan's accident with the dress was a worrying moment. He said: "That was the most stressful part of the day, between takes Megan got pizza down the front of her bridesmaid's dress. "That was a heart-stopping moment for real." Megan joined the Call the Midwife cast in season 10 as the nurse in training who turned heads with her vibrant outfits. After forming a close bond with Trixie, she was made chief bridesmaid for the highly-anticipated wedding. The synopsis for the final episode reads: "The countdown to Trixie and Matthew's wedding officially begins, with Sister Veronica taking charge of organising the wedding gifts, while the bride's brother Geoffrey arriving and setting out to arrange the perfect hen party. "However, the nuptials cause stress levels to escalate as a catalogue of disasters threaten to spoil the day. "Meanwhile, a car crash leaves Dr Turner facing the biggest test of his career when he left to save a precious life. "Nancy considers her and Colette's future and Sister Julienne hatches a plan to save Nonnatus House once and for all."  Call the Midwife returns to BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.