A horrifying new video has emerged of an elderly woman being dragged into a lake by a 10-foot alligator as she scrambled to save her dog from the beast. The alarming footage shows the gator quickly speeding through the water making its way towards Gloria Serge, 85, and her pet dog before it lunges out of the lake and drags her back into the murky water. The chilling police call has now been released from the attack when a frightened caller, who witnessed the whole thing, told the dispatcher: "There's a woman in the lake. The alligator's got her!"    The shocking incident unfolded outside the Spanish Lakes Fairways retirement community in Fort Pierce, Florida, at around noon on Monday. Gloria Serge was walking her dog around the lake when she spotted the enormous animal and managed to pull her dog out of the way and save it, but it was too late for her. Police officers and wildlife officials rushed to the scene and found the alligator lurking at the bottom of the lake and pulled it out. They tied it up and carried it into the back of a pickup truck. Robert Lilly, the trapper on scene, told local news channel WPBF: "Snagged (the alligator) on the bottom. READ MORE: Bison breathe new life into British woodlands “He never surfaced. He stayed down the whole time. “Got a second hook in him and then a hard line in him so we could get him up.” Lilly said it was “definitely a fight” to secure the gator as it weighed between 600 and 700 pounds.  Florida is home to 1.3 million gators across its 67 counties and, according to FWC data from November 2021, 442 unprovoked bite incidents have occurred in the Sunshine State between 1948 and 2021. According to the data, only around 26 of the 442 bites have resulted in human deaths. Alligators are not contained to swampy areas but can be found roaming across pretty much the whole state of Florida. They also live in other places around the US but are most prominent in Florida because of the Everglades and many swamps, according to experts. FWC’s Human-Alligator Incidents Fact Sheet states: "Over the last 10 years, Florida has averaged eight unprovoked bites per year that are serious enough to require professional medical treatment. The frequency of these serious bites is variable but there has not been a significant trend in the past 10 years.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 