Manchester City are ready to declare war on the Premier League after being charged with 115 breaches of financial rules on Monday. The under-fire champions want to put the matter to bed 'once and for all' amid an explosive climax to a four-year investigation that started in 2018. In the biggest scandal in Premier League history, Man City have been accused of failing to provide 'accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club's financial position'. They are also alleged to have failed to provide full details of Roberto Mancini's salary when he was manager at the Etihad Stadium from 2009 and 2013 and player wages from 2010 to 2016. According to the Mail, City reacted quickly to the bombshell allegations, holding urgent staff meetings at the Etihad on Monday afternoon. The Citizens are said to believe their 'whole being' is at stake and will do whatever it takes to clear their name from wrongdoing. They have insisted they have 'irrefutable evidence' that the accusations are unjust and are confident that they will come out on top, privately relaying such to club staff. JUST IN: Klopp makes 'stupid' Bellingham comment amid Liverpool concern  The Premier League judicial panel will now appoint a three-person independent commission formed of retired judges, barristers and football administrators to investigate City's alleged breaches. Chaired by Murray Rosen QC, they will rule on the charges in a private hearing. Despite calls from clubs to reach a verdict before the end of the season, the saga's conclusion is likely to be 'years away'. Potential punishments range from a fine to points deductions to City's titles being stripped to expulsion from the top flight. If the reigning champions were to be stripped of their six Premier League titles, the runner-ups in the respective seasons would have belated crownings. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'decide on selling Harry Kane to Man Utd' this summerEight PL cult heroes who are still playing from Adebayor to Santa CruzFrenkie de Jong's girlfriend pokes fun at Man Utd in clever response Manchester United and Liverpool would add three titles to their dominant records, notching their tallies to 23 and 22, respectively. Though most of the alleged rule breaches occurred between 2009 and 2018, further claims suggest City refused to cooperate with the Premier League's investigation from 2018 to 2022. City were somewhat blindsided by the onslaught from the Premier League, only learning of the charges when a courier delivered legal papers to the Etihad on Sunday morning. And they won't be able to appeal against any decision the commission makes to the Court of Arbitration of Sport, who overturned the club's two-year Champions League ban from UEFA in 2020. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here