Gareth Bale mirrored his talents from the football pitch out on the golf course at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am after hitting an insane chip shot from a cart path in his first round. Bale was making his debut on the PGA Tour as one of the amateurs in the historic Pro-Am event, although nee needed some active encouragement from his playing partner. The 33-year-old retired from football last month after a hugely successful career playing for Sothampton, Tottenham Hotspur, Real Madrid and Los Angeles FC, as well as the Welsh national team. Throughout his career Bale has also been known to be a handy golfer. And now the former Real Madrid man is getting the chance to showcase his skills alongside the very best. Bale - who plays off a handicap of two - enjoyed a successful start at Pebble Beach on Sunday, carding an impressive seven-under-par 65 in his opening round. The highlight of the Welshman’s performance came just two holes in, as he played a miraculous chip shot from the cart path, to leave his ball just a few feet from the hole. Seemingly in bother, Bale got himself out of trouble by playing a smart bump shot into the bank before allowing the ball to run out towards the pin. JUST IN: 'Holy cow' - Gareth Bale leaves golf commentator dumbstruck with chip shot from cart path The former footballer’s professional playing partner Joseph Bramlett had already finished the hole with a par, and with Bale unable to better that the Welshman was ready to pick his ball up. Bramlett had other ideas though, and made Bale finish off his putt to complete ‘greatest up and down’. Speaking about the chip shot post-round, the ex-Spurs winger said: “I'm more worried about how I was there in the first place. I guess a lot of amateurs find themselves out of position but it was a great shot. DON'T MISS  "Just tried to hit it into the bank and hope for the best like most amateurs do. It was nice to see it roll up nice and close. He [Joseph Bramlett, playing partner] was pretty much in for par so I was like 'oh, I'll pick it up'. “He made me putt it because he said this could be the greatest up and down. I finished it off nicely and it was a great shot, I can't really say much more." 