Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William will have to "extend the hand of friendship" if Prince Harry returns to the UK for his father's Coronation, according to an expert. It is not yet known if Harry and Meghan Markle will attend, but it is thought King Charles will have too many other concerns to make his youngest son his main priority. Invitations for the Coronation are expected to be sent out very soon, with Express.co.uk confirming that Harry and Meghan will receive one. However, relations between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family have been strained since their relocation to the US, with their Netflix documentary and Harry's memoir Spare further worsening relations. Their potential trip to the UK has been planned for by Buckingham Palace, with reports that Harry will be making a brief weekend stopover while Meghan stays at home in California to celebrate their son Archie's fourth birthday on the same day. Royal expert Camilla Tominey has said that it will be up to the Prince and Princess of Wales to take care of Harry as Charles will be too busy with Coronation matters. Writing in The Telegraph she said: "The royals have to look as though they are accommodating him into the royal fold, he gets enveloped into their security arrangements for the big bank holiday weekend so he can't complain that he hasn't got security. "I think it will probably be beholden on the Prince and Princess of Wales to extend some sort of hand of friendship, which is going to be difficult, but it's the King's big weekend. "He is going to be otherwise engaged in matters involving gold state coaches and crowns, his wife is also being crowned. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson issues heartfelt tribute to people of Ukraine "Therefore, it is kind of left to William and Kate to kind of look as accommodating as they did when they did that joint walkabout after the Queen's death in September.... so we might see something else like that." Royal author Tom Bower spoke out on GB News against the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attending the Coronation, saying they would "ruin it" and people are "sick" of hearing about them. He even accused the King of being a "weak man" too concerned with worries of Harry ahead of the occasion. DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] He said: "His problem is that he is a weak man in a way and he's worried about Harry. "If only he said to Harry, look, come to the Coronation, but you can have row Q, seat 54 and viewers partly obscured by a column, then the message will get through. "But I think if he allows Harry to come to the Coronation, it is going to ruin the Coronation. "It'll be overshadowed by Harry's presence and Meghan's too."  