Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has hinted at being injured just days before his side are due to face Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. The England international helped his side beat Barcelona 2-1 on Thursday night. However, that victory appears to have come at a cost. Manchester United were too strong for Barcelona on Thursday night, with goals from Fred and Antony giving them a huge victory in the Europa League. However, supporters are now likely to be concerned after Rashford was forced out of the proceedings late on. The United star made way in the closing stages and, now, has posted a cryptic message on Instagram. Rashford shared a picture of himself walking along the touchline after his withdrawal with a bandaged emoji, suggesting he’s picked up a knock. And footage was also shared online that showed the 25-year-old limping after the contest, too. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players United will be hoping Rashford’s injury isn’t too serious as they look to win a first trophy since 2017 on Sunday afternoon. They’ll face a Newcastle side who have been high-flying under Eddie Howe this term, exceeding all expectations in the process. And Rashford has been in the form of his life this season, having been revitalised ever since the appointment of Erik ten Hag back in the summer. The England international was unable to score against Barcelona, with Fred and Antony the heroes for the home side instead. But, with 24 goals to his name across all competitions, he’s established himself as the main man ever since the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Should Rashford miss out, that will give Ten Hag a dilemma. Jadon Sancho or Alejandro Garnacho would be possible options on the left wing of their attack, with the former starting against Barcelona on Thursday. Antony would then be able to slot in on the right wing, with the Brazil international ready to kick on following his dramatic late winner. And that may potentially mean Wout Weghorst starting the game. The Netherlands international drew a blank against Barcelona and was withdrawn at half time after a poor 45 minutes of action. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag, meanwhile, admitted after the win over Barcelona that it was his biggest victory since taking charge back in the summer. "Yes, we've had some good wins, Liverpool and Arsenal but I think this over two legs - Barcelona are La Liga leaders - to beat them it's a big win,” he said. "For a European Cup second leg I think it was flat on both sides, no chances. “One team has to go in the lead, we had big chances with Bruno [Fernandes] at the start of the game. "One part of our game plan is that we can bring Antony and [Alejandro] Garnacho and open the wide areas you can get speed and running in behind and dribbles.