Thierry Henry has defended Jurgen Klopp from calls for the Liverpool boss to be sacked following the Reds’ 5-2 Champions League humiliation by Real Madrid. However, the Arsenal icon insists that Klopp needs major reinvestment in his squad in the summer transfer window as they are at ‘the end of an era’. Liverpool appeared to be cruising against the Spanish giants on Tuesday night, storming into an early 2-0 lead. But they crumbled on a dismal night at Anfield as Real scored five goals without reply. Henry slammed Liverpool as “more than fragile” and believes too many of their players are not up to the required standard. The former striker does not think Klopp needs to go, though, instead insisting the players must depart first. He said: “I don't think Jurgen Klopp needs to go but some players don't have the level anymore to play for Liverpool. It happens to the best, it happened to me. It's the end of an era.” JUST IN: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment Henry continued to CBS Sports: “They conceded too many goals against Brentford, Wolves and Brighton - let alone before you play a team like Real Madrid “I wanted to know where they were and I saw a fragile team. More than fragile, why? They were 2-0 up. That's exactly the start you would like to have against a Madrid team or any team in Europe at Anfield and they couldn't even keep that. “Yes, Alisson made a mistake but they didn't bail him out. Thibaut Courtois makes a mistake - that's a big team, they bailed him out.” Henry felt that Liverpool’s downfall was allowing 37-year-old Luka Modric to control the game. He urged Klopp’s side to ‘reinvent themselves’ to improve their form. DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat “I'm not having a go at Liverpool. They are not playing well, they are conceding a lot. We all love what they have done recently. It's a tough one, they are conceding five at home and getting outplayed,” Henry added. "When I see a guy like Luka Modric at his age getting the ball and bursting forward in midfield like they were not there and passing the ball to Vinicius and Vinicius passing the ball to Benzema and him toying with the keeper, I just think that is not good enough. “That team gave us so much, but right now they are not good so they need to reinvent themselves and keep their head up until the end of the season.”