Aries Someone is interested in your future plans. Don’t be shy and don’t hold back. Take this chance to talk about what you want to do. It will be fun to discover new ways to express your creativity. Even if you aren’t clear about where you are going or what you are doing, you’re enjoying yourself. That’s what really matters. Taurus Just as things are starting to look good, a problem will stop you in your tracks. It may be that someone underestimated the amount of work still to be done or an important piece of information has been missed. Either way this will need to be addressed before further progress can be made. Gemini Until people start to see differently which is unlikely, your views will continue to differ. You can see aspects of a situation others are unwilling to open their eyes to. You can’t change what you are feeling but you can change the way you put your feelings into words.  Cancer You are trying hard not to do so but it is likely you are taking job-related stress home with you. It won’t be surprising if your family and housemates admit they are bothered by your irritability. You might cancel plans for an upcoming holiday. It’s hard to think about having fun when things at work are so demanding. Leo Friends will be full of advice but you should make your own decisions. You need to find the strength within to decide on your own priorities and take charge of your life. It is becoming more important to you to start looking after your own interests. Virgo You always take your responsibilities seriously. Commitments you have taken on will be fulfilled and tomorrow you will be working as hard as usual. So if you are in the mood to stir up a little excitement today, don’t allow someone to hold you back. You deserve time off to have some fun.   Libra You should refuse to be coerced into doing anything that makes you feel uncomfortable. Even though you like to please other people, it’s important also to please yourself and you are capable of standing your ground when there is a need to do so. Scorpio You would love to act on an impulsive whim but at the same time you don’t want a new partner or friend to think you are being frivolous. For this reason you might hide your true feelings. It may be necessary to make your position clear in a community exercise. Sagittarius It can be hard to be patient when circumstances continually frustrate and annoy you. You’ve been trying your best to stay calm but it will be even more challenging to do so today when someone fails to deliver on a promise. If you do lose your temper, you feel justified for doing so.    Capricorn You are left with an uncomfortable uncertainty about your future when you realise a team effort is taking too much of your time. You are seriously considering your involvement in this area and the likelihood that you will pull out because your priorities are slowly changing. Aquarius A matter that has been discussed many times before will be brought up again in conversations. A relative is holding on to a past memory when you are ready to move on. It doesn’t matter what you say to them, they will refuse to drop the subject. Hold on to your patience. Pisces Your reactions are strong and this can lead you to lashing out on impulse. An incident, event or conversation will bring a dormant resentment to the surface. Just be careful that you don’t hurt someone you care for by expressing your anger at the wrong target.   