Manchester United could shatter Arsenal's hopes of signing Real Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda by landing Jeremie Frimpong in the summer transfer window, according to reports in Germany. The Red Devils are admirers of the young Dutchman, who has come on leaps and bounds since his time in Manchester City's academy and Celtic's first team but Bayer Leverkusen are now looking to move him on for major profit. A January deal had been mooted before a drastic U-turn from Erik ten Hag as United boss opted to keep Aaron Wan-Bissaka with Diogo Dalot struggling for fitness. It's a decision he has not lived to regret as Wan-Bissaka has been firing on all cylinders since filling in for the injured Dalot, who has since returned to action following a muscle problem. But long term, there are doubts as to whether both will remain at the club meaning United could seek to explore opportunities in the market. According to German outlet Kicker, United could be presented with the chance to sign right wing-back Frimpong from Bayer Leverkusen at the end of the season, as the player could be moved on relatively quickly to accelerate Bayer's transfer plans. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light The Bundesliga club's perspective is to sign Arsenal target Fresneda as Frimpong's replacement as they seek to speed up a potential deal. So if United were to take Frimpong from Bayer's hands, the German club would then emerge as frontrunners to land the young Spaniard, who is also attracting interest from Newcastle, Borussia Dortmund and Juventus. Arsenal did hold talks over a January deal but they instead chose to prioritise the signing of a midfielder which they eventually landed in Jorginho from Chelsea. The Gunners are expected to return to the table at the end of the campaign with Fresneda will be back firmly in their sights. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race They held dialogue with his representative Ali Barat over a move last month and relations remain strong with the agent, who is also taking care of Moises Caicedo. Leverkusen are deemed an attractive proposition for young players around the world as they have a track record for nurturing and developing talent. Club chief Simon Rolfes has already admitted there could be high-profile exits at the BayArena this summer. Fresneda would represent a low-risk investment given he is expected to cost around £15million. But despite their strong sales pitch, Leverkusen are likely to have their work cut out trying to and the player as he also has a number of other strong options on the table. Real Valladolid had hoped any club looking to sign the player in the winter transfer market would loan him back until the end of the season. The club have now moved away from the La Liga drop zone having picked up seven points from their last three top-flight outings. Fresneda could potentially be available at a cut-price should Valladolid be relegated, although that currently seems unlikely.