Guest star Marilu Henner was confirmed to be joining NCIS: Los Angeles for its 14th and final season at the start of this year, to portray the ex-wife of Admiral Hollace Kilbride (played by Gerald McRaney). Although Elizabeth has been out of Kilbride’s life for some years and has yet to make an appearance in the CBS drama, new details have emerged which could be hinting they’re finally ready to bury the hatchet. Admiral Kilbride was caught having a flirty phone call with his ex-wife Elizabeth in the latest sneak peek at NCIS: Los Angeles. The action-packed spin-off will return for a new episode this Sunday for another high-stakes case, entitled A Farewell to Arms. While the rest of the team tries to prevent yet another global conflict, this time involving Artificial Intelligence, Kilbride has his own trouble to deal with back home. A synopsis for the episode reads: “When a mystery woman attacks the founder of an AI company, the NCIS team must identify her before the next major global conflict ensues. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson “Kilbride's ex-wife comes to visit and asks him to think about reconnecting with their son.” Some new clips released ahead of Sunday’s episode have also given fans a taste of what’s to come in episode 13. One scene begins with Kilbride on the phone with Elizabeth whilst Devin Roundtree (Caleb Castille) tries his best not to avoid eavesdropping. “I not only have the Secretary of the United States Navy breathing down my neck,” he fumes down the line.” “I also have ONR texting me four-letter words that would make George Carlin blush. “Now, I can barely commit to a cup of coffee and you actually expect me to commit to dinner?” In this episode, and potentially over the rest of the season, Elizabeth will be trying to convince her ex to reunite with his estranged son Alex (Christopher Gorham). Alex won’t be appearing in the series just yet, but the NCIS boss is already unhappy with his ex-wife’s plans and got a nasty surprise when he realised she was snooping around his home. DON'T MISS:Grey's Anatomy fans brand Ellen Pompeo's exit 'worst episode ever' [BACKLASH]Law and Order fans fuming as NBC drama takes month break [LATEST]Outlander fans thrilled as season 7 finishes filming [NEWS] Elizabeth reveals she has stashed his cupboards with healthy groceries before she starts reminiscing about their old life together. “I hate to admit it, but I’ve missed our fights,” she tells Kilbride. He chuckles and replies fondly: “This wouldn’t even make the top 20.” Elizabeth remembers a particularly heated row in Atlantic City that ended when she stabbed him in the leg with a crab leg. However, Kilbride adds: “We did manage to make up before the elevator got to the lobby.” His ex then leaves him speechless when she responds cheekily: “Two times if I remember correctly.” Although the old flames still have a long way to go, this clip indicates they’re on better terms than they may have been. With just a few episodes left of the CBS drama to go, hopefully, Kilbride can find closure - or even some newfound happiness - with his family before another NCIS spin-off comes to an end. NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA.