EastEnders fans are going wild after Monday night’s flash-forward episode, which teased the murder of a major male character this coming Christmas and many think it is Nish Panesar (played by Navin Chowdhry) who meets a grisly end. In a landmark move to mark the soap's 38th anniversary, viewers were given a sneak peek at a shocking scene from Christmas 2023 and the aftermath of the gruesome killing.  The heavily teased episode ended with six of the Square’s matriarchs; Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise Branning (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) standing over a dead body. Although all that was revealed of the victim was a distinctive topaz cufflink as Sharon, wearing a wedding dress, tested for a pulse before announcing “he’s dead”, fans are convinced they have his identity sussed. Taking to Twitter user @nxziab came up with a whole plot to support their theory writing: “Pay attention! that whole episode we watched is linked to what is going to happen at Christmas. Nish will try and rape Linda (hence the dean reminder). IT ALL LINKS BACK #EastEnders.” A user called @TheMotorious is so confident of their prediction they were willing to put money on it. READ MORE: EastEnders' Slater family tree explained They wrote: “Mate! its February. Why am I waiting for Christmas to find out who got done in? Easter isn't far out #Eastenders I'll (sic) put a tenner on it being Nish though.” Their sentiments were echoed by user @missgeorgialcwho believes his demise will come about after he learns about his wife’s romance with Eve Unwin (Heather Peace). “Definitely think Nish finds out about Eve on the Christmas episode and he’s the one lying dead #Eastenders.” Elsewhere Suki and Eve fan Sarah Dee who goes by the handle @SukeveStan wrote a very detailed post about what she thinks might happen. “I like the theory that the ladies kill Nish to protect Suki, but what about if it's to protect Eve? When Nish finds out about #Sukeve, he will want to kill Eve, so maybe they stop him. Stacey had blood on her hands & she'd want to protect Eve; that's for sure. #EastEnders.” Nish first arrived in Walford late last year having been released from prison where he had been serving a 20-year sentence for murder. Prior to his release Suki had come close to accepting she was gay after giving in to her feelings for Eve, but she left her heartbroken when she rejected her upon his return. It's become clear Nish is controlling Suki and Eve has noticed a big difference in her behaviour since he’s been back. DON'T MISS... EastEnders to air special where 'everything changes' EastEnders fans 'work out' Ryan's plan to take Lily's baby EastEnders' Eve Unwin terrified for Suki Panesar over Nish Next week Nish and Suki are set to have a marriage blessing, which has hastily been moved forward to Thursday and with the big day fast approaching, Eve makes a last attempt to win over Suki. Spoilers reveal the couple argue and become aware they have been overheard when they hear the front door slam. On the day of the marriage blessing, Suki is paranoid about who was eavesdropping on her conversation with Eve. If it is Nish who has heard the pair discussing their feelings, it could easily tie in with the Christmas storyline. But with ten months until the big reveal anything could happen. Some fans have even speculated Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo) could make a return to the Square after reaching out to mum Linda. Could the horror of seeing him back in Walford lead Linda to lash out at the man who almost ruined her marriage to Mick (Danny Dyer)? EastEnders airs on BBC1 Monday - Thursday at 7.30pm with previous episodes available on the BBC iPlayer