Mercedes star George Russell has hit out at a 'silly regulation' which team-mate Lewis Hamilton appears ready to break in the new F1 season. This comes after the sport's governing body, the FIA, introduced a new 'free speech rule' in a bid to curb controversy during this season. FIA chiefs have banned drivers from making personal political gestures ahead of races this season in a bid to keep the sport “neutral”. However, Hamilton has admitted he is ready to break the FIA's new rules as he continues to use his profile to highlight key issues that he is passionate about. The degree prohibits "personal, religious and political statements" without written consent, something which is likely to impact Hamilton more than most figures in the paddock. Russell has supported his Mercedes team-mate in labelling the regulations 'silly' but any breach could land Hamilton in trouble. A race ban is among the possible sanctions available to the sport's governing body if drivers don't comply. Speaking to the i newspaper at the launch of Mercedes' new W14 car, Russell gave his views on the controversial regulation. He said: "We’re not going to limit our views or our thoughts because of some silly regulation." READ MORE: Mercedes unveil W14 for new F1 season as ex-Lewis Hamilton request makes return   His views were supported by seven-time world champion Hamilton who has previously championed a number of issues including Black Lives Matter and is a prominent supporter of the LGBTQ+ community. Hamilton added: "Nothing will stop me from speaking on the things I am passionate about. "The sport has a responsibility to speak out and create awareness on important topics, particularly as we are travelling to different places. So nothing changes. We still have this platform and there are still a lot of things we need to tackle." DON'T MISS:  Other drivers have also expressed their disagreement ahead of the new season with McLaren star Lando Norris also 'happy to break' the rules. However, a severe punishment could result in teams adding pressure on their drivers to comply. The rule could yet be scrapped or altered ahead of next month's opening Grand Prix in Bahrain after F1 boss Stefano Domenicali said that the sport would never 'gag' drivers from speaking out on issues. 