The season where love is celebrated may spark a desire for some to find a relationship, but it is important to be careful while doing so. Sadly, hopes of love can be overshadowed by the fear of scams, as fraudsters are on the prowl for their next victim.    Romance scams are sadly rife, and involve criminals preying on their victims with often elaborate promises of love and commitment. Criminals create fake identities to reel in their victims and form an emotional attachment, but then use this to exploit their victim for money. This can be saddening two-fold, as a person loses money and may also get their heart broken by the callous scammers. In a bid to tackle the growing problem, the charity has partnered with Nationwide Building Society to offer additional support to its members who have fallen victim to scams. READ MORE: Save £444 a month with new 50/30/20 budgeting method As part of the partnership, Nationwide members who have been targeted by a scam are directed to Independent Age for emotional support and advice. Latest figures show that across 29 referrals, almost a third of these were as a result of romance scams. In 2022, those aged 65 or over were found to account for 26 percent of all romance scams reported, according to Nationwide’s own data. Fran McSweeney, head of national services at Independent Age, explained these scams can be emotionally devastating, as scammers often build up a relationship with their victims over time. DON'T MISSBritons could buy £4,950 of state pension for just £824 [INSIGHT]Good news as hundreds of savers become ISA millionaires [LATEST]‘Bridging payment’ needed for Britons retiring due to ill health [EXCLUSIVE] When deception is discovered it can often be a cruel blow for someone who thought they had found a life partner. She added: “We want to ensure older people know how to protect themselves from these heartless scams. “We also want them to know that if they have been scammed, it’s not their fault and support is available." People should always be wary of unsolicited messages from someone they do not know, being cautious about responding. READ MORE: Two million households to get £200 energy bills support from today In a similar sense, Britons are encouraged to do their research, as if something seems too good to be true, then it probably is. A search of a person’s name, reverse image search of their profile picture, and research on any other details they have provided could help. Personal information should never be shared, especially with a person one has never met. In a similar sense, Britons should always avoid sending money. Scammers often ask for bank details or assistance for what seems like a serious problem - but this is a common technique with poor intentions from the criminal. Similarly, scammers can ask for cryptocurrency or online gift cards, as these are harder to trace. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Independent Age states people should always be wary of someone who: Those who do fall victim to a romance scam should not feel ashamed, as scammers are master manipulators who can often control people with their tactics. But those who are affected can contact Action Fraud or Police Scotland for further assistance. Similarly, older people can get in touch with Independent Age via its helpline on 0800 319 6789.