Volodymyr Zelensky attended an audience with King Charles this afternoon, February 8. The visit, which was previously confirmed by royal aides, was described by a royal expert as a "much appreciated gesture of support". Photos showed the pair smiling as they greeted one another in a drawing room in Buckingham Palace. Body language expert Judi James analysed the photos of Charles and Mr Zelensky together saying: “Charles is treating Zelensky like a visiting hero here, even lowering his head slightly in a partial bow ritual as he splays his arms wide. “He uses one arm to direct Zelensky to his seat and the other to register welcome and respect. “There is little, if any, form of regal power display from Charles here: if anything he looks like the one doing the honouring.” The pictures show Charles and Mr Zelensky shaking hands, a handshake which Judi described as “firm”. READ MORE: Beatrice and Eugenie are like 'town-based socialites' claims expert She continued: “Their handshake is firm and tight enough to, again, suggest Charles is delighted to be hosting the Ukrainian leader. “He even seems to have pulled Zelensky’s hand in towards his torso at waist level as they shake to help minimise the spatial gap between the two men. “Additionally, the crinkled eye-smile and eye contact suggest a desire to tune in and to listen to his very welcome visitor.” To welcome the President to his home, Charles wore a navy blue tartan suit and a white shirt. Meanwhile, Mr Zelensky wore a dark green jumper. He has worn clothes that match his soldiers’ uniform since Russia invaded his country, saying he will wear a suit again only when Vladimir Putin withdraws his troops from Ukraine. The president of Ukraine touched down this morning at London Stansted Airport to begin his official visit to Britain. Speaking to Mr Zelensky about Ukraine's conflict with Russia, King Charles said: “We’ve all been worried about you and thinking about your country for so long, I can’t tell you.” The Ukrainian President arrived in a Boeing C-17A Globemaster III plane and had a day packed with events ahead of him. He was also welcomed at 10 Downing Street this afternoon, meeting with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak. The President also spoke at a joint session of the UK Parliament, saying: “Freedom will win - we know Russia will lose.” He made a plea for fighter jets from the West, presenting the helmet of one of his most successful pilots, with a message reading: “We have freedom, give us wings to protect it.” Hundreds of MPs and peers packed into Westminster Hall to hear the President speak, and he was applauded by all. Longstanding royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams described Mr Zelensky and King Charles’ meeting a "meeting of minds". Speaking prior to the meeting, he told Express.co.uk: "King Charles will meet President of Zelensky today as part of a surprise visit, where he will be visiting one of Ukraine’s closest allies. “It will be a much appreciated gesture of support. “His trip comes after Mr Sunak announced the UK will send more military equipment to Kyiv that would support a potential new Russian offensive in the spring."