NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar heaped praise on LeBron James as the Los Angeles Lakers star moved ever closer to his iconic all-time scoring record. James put up a triple-double as the Lakers defeated the New York Knicks to secure a crucial win at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday night. James entered the clash with the Knicks 117 points adrift of Abdul-Jabbar’s record as the all-time scoring leader. He tallied his first triple-double of the campaign - becoming the first NBA player to do so in his 20th season - with 28 points, 10 rebounds and 11 assists as the Lakers triumphed 129-123 on the east coast. The 38-year-old now has 38,299 points and trails Abdul-Jabbar by just 89 points. The former Milwaukee Bucks and Lakers icon heaped praise on his successor, insisting he is ‘relieved’ to pass on the burden of being the league’s greatest scorer. “I've been carrying the torch as record holder for 38 years,” Abdul-Jabbar said via NBA on TNT. “I’m excited and relieved to pass it along to the next worthy recipient. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic shares Indian Wells 'wish' as Serb inspired by Jordan “LeBron earned it and I hope he carries it even longer than I did.” Abdul-Jabbar has been atop the career points list since April 5, 1984 - eight months before James was even born - when he passed the mark previously held by Wilt Chamberlain. Abdul-Jabbar reached his tally of 38,387 points in 1,560 games, whereas the Lakers' clash against the Knicks was the 1,407th of James' career. James is also hurtling towards the record this season, averaging 30.2 points per game through 40 contests, which stands as third-highest scoring rate of his NBA career. However, scoring is famously not the only aspect of James’ game. DON'T MISSJoel Embiid outshines Nikola Jokic with clutch shot over Nuggets starJoe Mazzulla’s message to Jaylen Brown as NBA star misses huge shotsGS Warriors could face choosing between losing Thompson and Green He is also climbing up the all-time assists leaderboard. James needed nine assists to pass both Mark Jackson and Steve Nash to move into fourth all-time for assists, and he duly delivered. Only John Stockton (15,806), Jason Kidd (12,901) and Chris Paul (11,246) now have more assists than James (10,328). The four-time MVP is the only non-point guard to make the top 20, which highlights his incredible all-round ability. James will look to make further inroads on the scoring record when his 24-28 Lakers face the Indiana Pacers on Thursday night. The 24-28 Pacers currently sit 10th in the Eastern Conference.