Effective skincare doesn't have to be expensive, and this product is under £11. Shoppers are saying many products they've tried 'don't work properly' but 'this works'. Mancave's brand is based around using natural ingredients to nourish the skin and help skincare users feel their best by incorporating the products into a good personal care routine. The eye serum is designed to help reduce dark circles, puffiness and fine lines with Caffeine, Vitamin C and Vitamin E. The supercharged product has racked up almost 300 reviews, and Mancave describe it as a tool to 'fight the effects of a hectic lifestyle with naturally active ingredients that help to reduce the appearance of dark circles and leave you looking less tired and more refreshed, like you got your 8 hours.' Buy: Anti-Fatigue Eye Gel (£10.50) Mancave's eye serum contains powerful ingredients including Caffeine to boost blood circulation and reduce water retention, targeting puffiness and dark circles. Kakadu Plum Extract contains highly concentrated Vitamin C to brighten and hydrate the under eye and reduce fatigue, while the serum's Vitamin E content hydrates, smoothes and nourishes the delicate skin. The product should be used by squeezing a tiny amount onto the fingertip and apply to under-eye area by gently dabbing, before applying moisturiser or serum. The gel is ultra-light and is easily absorbed, so there is no risk of greasy or sticky residue after applying. Shoppers are calling the serum 'integral' and 'super hydrating' in the reviews on the product. Mark S said: ''Helps with the eye bags after shift work. Cooling and effective.'' Jonathon L commented: ''Have used many products for dark eye patches (some expensive) but none work properly. This DOES WORK and seriously reduces darkness under the eyes. My wife says that they've never looked better!!'' Richard B also added: ''This is a simple case of what it says on the tin it does...and then some!! Super hydrating anti fatigue eye gel that refreshes and invigorate's tired and dull eyes. It effectively reduces puffiness and fine lines. Has become integral to my morning and evening skin care routine. Love this tiny bottle of goodness!''