The Prince and Princess of Wales are said to be "sick to their stomachs" over the ongoing fallout with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, with Kate supposedly of the opinion she will "never, ever make nice with Meghan in person again". A source close to the National Enquirer claimed that the Princess of Wales is "done" with Meghan as she believes the Duchess "orchestrated everything" that Harry has done. Since the publication of Harry's memoir Spare last month more revelations have come to light concerning the fallout between Harry and his father and brother, although the prince has always been keen to stress this was not because of Meghan. Despite claims by an insider that Meghan "single-handedly put Harry into this hate-filled, self-obsessed trance and seems to delight in all the pain and suffering it's caused", in his interview with Anderson Cooper the Duke attempted to "squash" the idea that the rift in his family was caused by his marriage. In the book he details his sibling rivalry with his "arch-nemesis" William and how the heir vs spare dynamic affected him, as he believed he lived in his older brother's shadow. The Times even described Spare as a "character assassination of the Prince of Wales". Kate and Meghan's relationship has been fraught with disagreements, after a fight between the two regarding bridesmaids' dresses for Meghan's wedding lead to tears, although Kate later brought round flowers to apologise. While at the time it was reported that Meghan had made Kate cry, the Duchess later told Oprah Winfrey it was the other way round. The pair also clashed shortly after the birth of Prince Louis, when Meghan said Kate might have "baby brain" after she mentioned forgetting something. READ MORE: King Charles in holey sock misstep during successful visit in London  Kate responded that Meghan was not "close enough" to her to be discussing her hormones. During the famous interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, Meghan said of her sister-in-law: "If you love me, you don’t have to hate her. And if you love her, you don’t need to hate me." Recounting the argument over the dresses she said: "I don't think it's fair to her to get into the details, because she apologized. And I've forgiven her. "What was hard to get over was being blamed for something that not only I didn't do, but that happened to me. And the people who were part of our wedding going to our comms team and saying, 'I know this didn't happen'." DON'T MISS:University students barricade themselves into buildings in rent row [LATEST]50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [REVEAL]Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back [CELEB] The Princess of Wales has now hired a former public relations expert as her new private secretary, according to the Sunday Times. Kate reportedly selected Alice Corfield, who is known for her work with Jamie Oliver, in a move to find a "different kind of courtier" to help her navigate her campaign work. Royal commentator Hilary Fordwich told Fox News: "This choice of Alice is not as outlandish as many are claiming. "What is certain is that it won’t be ‘business as usual’ for the princess. It can’t be. Prince Harry changed all that when he took the gloves off. "When the going gets tough, the tough get going, and the Princess of Wales is made of tougher stalwart stuff than her quiet demeanor might belie."