A woman was rushed to hospital after being glassed by a stranger in a random pub brawl. Tammy Evans, 36, was "trying to provoke arguments" with others at the bar and, after an altercation with Carys Wright, threw a pint glass that smashed in her face. A court heard the victim needed specialist treatment for the deep cut on her lip - and it has since left a noticeable and lasting scar.  Evans since appeared at Mold Crown Court to admit she inflicted grievous bodily harm without intent.  The court heard how on February 26 last year, Ms Wright had been out socialising with her partner and family members at the Grapes Inn in Johnstown, reports North Wales Live. It was there that they encountered Evans. The court heard how the drunk mum had been with a group of women and were going about the venue "trying to provoke arguments" with others. At about 10pm, Ms Wright was stood by the doorway having a drink when some of these women, including Evans, began "screaming" in her face before the defendant and another woman "lunged at" Ms Wright. Out of fear, Ms Wright threw her beer towards the other woman who was with Evans. In response, Evans picked up and threw a pint glass that smashed in Ms Wright's face. It was "almost immediately apparent", the prosecutor Nick Williams told the court, that Ms Wright had sustained serious injuries and was quickly taken to A&E at Wrexham Maelor Hospital. Ms Wright had to then be taken to Ysbyty Glan Clwyd to get specialist treatment for the deep cut on her lip - that has since left a noticeable and lasting scar. As well as this, she had some cuts on her face where the smashed bits of glass flew.  Just under two weeks on from the attack, on March 12, Evans reached out to Ms Wright over Facebook with a private message offering her apologies. The court heard that Evans claimed she was sorry and wished to apologise in person but Ms Wright didn't respond. In interview, Evans accepted that she caused the injuries to Ms Wright's face. She claimed that she threw the glass by mistake, intending only to throw the drink inside it at Ms Wright. The prosecutor said that Evans does have a previous violent conviction for assaulting an ex-partner to her name, dating back to 2003. The court heard how she was handed a year-long community order after causing cuts to the back of his neck with a razor blade. Reading her victim impact statement in court, Ms Wright said that she was left unable to eat solid food for about three days after the attack, requiring her meals be blended up and taken with a straw. She told the judge how she was once a very sociable person but the incident left her feeling anxious to walk out of the front door most days. She said: "In the first few weeks, I wouldn't leave the house due to what I thought people would say. I'm anxious and nervous for people to see me now and scared about how my face looks and what their reactions would be."  Defending, Henry Hills, told the court his client has held her hands up and accepted responsibility for the offence from the very beginning. She has demonstrated "genuine remorse", argued Mr Hills, and has remained out of trouble since then. Evans cried in the dock as Judge Niclas Parry said he would be jailing her for eight months, adding that his decision was made as the offence was "far too serious for anything but immediate custody" given her violent criminal record. He granted Ms Wright's request for a restraining order, banning Evans from contacting her indefinitely. 