Liverpool bounced back to form on Monday night against Everton in their 2-0 win, and a tense game may be exactly what the players needed. Andy Robertson epitomised the attitude of the Reds during a scuffle late on, in one of the first real signs of passion that the team have shown this season Jurgen Klopp’s side have looked deflated for most of this season, with performances lacking the assurance and confidence of previous campaigns. Usually-reliable players have struggled for form, whilst mounting injury problems have also hindered the team’s ability to rotate effectively. The Reds have desperately needed something to spark them into life, and a heated Merseyside derby may have been that. Liverpool looked like the force of old for significant parts of the encounter, with a sprinkling of scrapping adding to the cohesion of the team. With just minutes left on the clock, the hot-headed Robertson came to blows with Everton shot-stopper Jordan Pickford for kicking the ball away. The pair appeared to laugh it off, though the arrival of Seamus Coleman and Conor Coady on the scene only prompted tempers to boil over, with a melee ensuing involving substitutes. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m Stewards and players managed to split up the bickering stars, though it was a moment that proved that Liverpool still have the fire in their bellies and are ready to fight in the second half of the season. Klopp was pleased with the goals from Mohamed Salah and Cody Gakpo in the win, especially as they came from well-worked counter-attacks - a method his team do not often reap the benefits of. Speaking after the match, the former Borussia Dortmund boss told Sky Sports: “I thought the performance was the best it's been for a while. You take wins when you don't play well but it's much better when you deserve it and we deserved it. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache “The atmosphere was outstanding. I'm in love with our crowd - what they did tonight was extremely helpful and the boys paid back. It was a real derby with a difficult opponent but we played the game we wanted to play not the game Everton wanted to play. We kept the ball, switching sides, staying patient, getting behind the line and I saw a real unit tonight where everyone was really fighting. "I really think when you are in difficult situations the way you behave defines the future. We are the club to show how to deal with difficult moments. There is nothing bad to say about how people reacted and tonight was special." Liverpool face Newcastle this weekend in what will be a very tight contest, though it remains to be seen whether the Reds are able to kick on from their success on Monday and show the same passion against the high-flying Toon Army or fall back into their old, underperforming ways.