Lee Peacock has been jailed for life with a minimum of 39 years served for the murder of his girlfriend and her associate just weeks after he was released from jail. The 50-year-old was found guilty of double murder at the Old Bailey on Monday. The court heard that the self-confessed thief went on a two-day spree of violence, killing his prtner Sharon Pickles, 46 and Clinton Ashmore, 59 whilst out on licence in August 2021. Following a six-day manhunt police tracked Peacock down to a  houseboat on the Grand Union Canal when he turned a 4cm-long knife on himself as officers approached. Peacock admitted to the killings, but claimed extenuating circumstances and denied it was murder. He claimed his girlfriends death had been a "pure accident". Officers visited the address of Ms Pickles after concerns were raised for her welfare. Inside the address, officers found Sharon's body hidden under a bed, her throat had been cute and a note was found at the scene. In the early hours of the following morning friends of Mr Ashmore found him with a knife injury to the throat.    Judge Justice Murray, sentencing said Peacock "lashed out at Sharon in a fit of rage, jealous of her sexual relationship with another man" while a bedridden man she cared for slept in another room. The room was packed with grieving relatives while Peacock refused to attend. The Judge said: "The minimum term I must impose in this case means that even if you live a long life, there is a strong possibility that you will die in prison even before you are eligible for consideration for release by the Parole Board". He concluded that while the killing of Ms Pickles was not premeditated, the later murder of Mr Ashmore was. READ MORE:Armed police gun down killer dog after four-year-old mum's screams Ms Pickles' father said he had been "left numb" by her killing, which came two years after the death of his wife in 2019. In an impact statement, he said: "It left me numb. I have found it impossible to celebrate birthdays or even Christmas because my daughter wasn't at rest and had no peace. "It doesn't feel real that Sharon is gone. I miss her more than words can describe."  Following the verdict, Ms Pickles family said: "As a family it’s been an incredibly difficult time for us losing our loved one in this way, but we finally have justice for our beloved daughter, sister and mother Sharon. “Our hearts are broken and she will be missed dearly. We would like to say thank you to the police, prosecution and witness services for supporting us during this time and the dignity and respect they have shown Sharon. “ Mr Ashmore's family said he was a "pure and beautiful soul". They continued: "Clint touched so many lives in so many ways. He shone brightly in this world but his light was cruelly put out by someone who gave no thought or care to the impact of his actions. The world has lost one of the good ones but our family and his loved ones have lost the best.” 