Ferrari is likely to have used “subterfuge” in their 2023 car launch as the Scuderia appears to "copy” Mercedes' concept, according to a leading F1 expert. The Prancing Horse unveiled some fin-shaped supports on the front wing, similar to the idea Mercedes brought to races at the back end last season. According to F1 technical expert Craig Scarborough, Ferrari's model is “slightly different” to Mercedes but the cars were still very similar. Speaking on Peter Windsor’s YouTube channel, he said: “On the front of the car is the slot gap separators, the little supports that hold the little bits in between the front wing. “Now they’ve copied something that Mercedes brought last year, which were these fin-shaped ones. Ferrari are done them ever-so slightly differently.” Mercedes were hoping to run the fin-shaped pods in Mexico last year but the FIA updated the rules so that the wings would be banned. The Silver Arrows claimed the rules only stated that slot-gap separators should “primarily” be used for mechanical or structural reasons. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc makes complete U-turn on Ferrari demand However, the FIA tightened the loophole at a meeting of the World Motor Sport Council in December. Scarborough believes Ferrari has no intention of running the tool and simply added the system to throw off their competitors. It comes with just a week to go before pre-season testing and two weeks until the first race weekend in Bahrain. Scarborough added: “To my understanding, I think these are illegal. “I think this is a bit of subterfuge, just something to catch people’s eyes and maybe not look at some other little details on the car. That’s quite interesting. Personally, I don’t expect to see those vanes on the car when we get to the first race.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton admits trying to spy on Red Bull and Ferrari  [INSIGHT]Ferrari star Charles Leclerc makes feelings on new car clear  [ANALYSIS]Vasseur announces significant Ferrari changes after strategy errors [COMMENT] Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz unveiled the SF-23 in a glitzy ceremony in Maranello earlier this week. Ahead of the launch, reports suggested the team could add around a second per lap of performance compared to their 2022 machine. New team boss Frederic Vasseur downplayed the suggestions but admitted the team had done a lot of work in improving reliability. Last season, the Prancing Horse were plagued with mechanical problems with Leclerc forced out in Spain and Azerbaijan while leading. Vasseur explained: "If you don't have the reliability, then you are not able to do these three days and then you start on the wrong foot. We have done the mileage we needed to do on the dyno and we are all optimistic, but only Bahrain will tell is where we are in terms of engine performance. So far it is ok."