Formula 1 fans have been left confused after images of Alfa Romeo's car for the F1 2023 season appeared to have been leaked before the official launch event. The Italian manufacturer were due to show off their new livery for the C43 car on Tuesday, but an apparent technical glitch meant that images of the car were shown before the car itself. Alfa Romeo, who begin the season with Valtteri Bottas and Zhou Guanyu as their drivers for the 2023 campaign, had already begun their presentation in bizarre fashion when fans compared their studio to that of the daytime TV show Jeremy Kyle. But F1 fans who tuned into the event were stunned to see the images of the new car - which will be auctioned off - for the forthcoming season displayed on the giant TV screen behind the three presenters. It is unknown whether the team had planned to show the digital image of the car before displaying the model up close, but it certainly goes against the grain of how teams usually show off their brand new design. READ MORE: Bottas opens up on 'exhausting' Hamilton partnership at Mercedes  As the presenters discussed the car with chief technical director Jan Manchaux, the image of the car showed up behind them - and they continued seemingly blissfully unaware as they discussed the car before its launch. As ever, eagle-eyed fans on social media noticed what seemed to be a mistake and mocked the team for their apparent error. One Twitter user wrote: "Loving the new @alfaromeof1 livery... looks MEAN. Also... shame someone fumbled the reveal and had it on screen behind the team before they pulled back the sheet." LATEST F1 NEWSMax Verstappen outlines requirement to make Lewis Hamilton 'dangerous'Red Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to suspicions'Mercedes and Red Bull to receive bonus after accepting F1 rule change  @f1_wow tweeted: "Just to let you know Alfa Romeo leaked their own livery on the live stream just before the launch." But one fan was not bothered by the premature reveal after falling in love with the design. An F1 fan with the handle @Aazuk said: "That's how to do a CAR launch! None of this livery rubbish. Ignoring the accidental pre-reveal on screen ofc! Alfa Romeo C43." The red and black livery could be regarded as a hint towards Audi, who recently acquired a stake in the team ahead of their 2026 entry. And the impressive colour scheme marks a sizeable shift from the 2022 model which boasted a red and white design. Ex-Mercedes driverr Bottas, who finished 12th in the standings in 2022, is hoping the car delivers on the track: “We’re expecting, better consistency, more points, better results," the Finn said. "But how to get there is the tricky bit and that comes from all the details and working really, really hard as a team” 