Leeds have tried an audacious attempt to bring Real Madrid icon Raul to Elland Road as the club's next manager, according to reports in Spain. Leeds fired Jesse Marsch on Monday following another disappointing defeat to Nottingham Forest. The loss leaves Leeds hovering above the relegation zone and without a league win since November. Their task is set to get even more difficult this week with back-to-back fixtures against the high-flying Manchester United. Chris Armas has now been placed in caretaking charge while Leeds look for Marsch's replacement. And they've already made inquiries to bring in Raul from Real Madrid Castilla, according to Spanish outlet AS. It's suggested that Leeds made the call to Raul just a few hours after Marsch was sacked. But the Spanish football legend is said to have turned down the offer to take over at Elland Road.  The 45-year-old, who won five La Liga titles and three Champions League trophies during his illustrious career at the Bernabeu, reportedly was 'put off' at the timing of Leeds' call. He supposedly doesn't want to leave his current post midway through the season with Real Madrid Castilla in the middle of a promotion battle. Raul has been working his way up in Real's youth teams, moving into management back in 2018. He's been in charge of the Castilla team since 2019 and took them into the third tier of the Spanish football ladder two seasons later.  It's been suggested that he's being lined up as Carlo Ancelotti's eventual long-term successor. The Italian has 18 months left on his current deal with the Spanish giants and Raul may be in a position to take over from Ancelotti at that point. Speaking back in 2001, former Real general manager Jorge Valdano praised Raul's coaching development. “Raul is managing Castilla’s youngest squad. He grabs seventeen-year-olds and returns them to you as men six months later," he said. "He grabs Miguel Gutierrez and makes him a man. With Antonio? The same. Marvin? A man. Men have been made through an incredible level of demand. Transmitting those values ​​to the boys of today is increasingly difficult, and Raul does it.”