Wolves could not resisting poking fun at Jurgen Klopp after Liverpool head coach's dubious post-match comments, following their humiliating 3-0 defeat at Molineux. The Reds succumbed to another loss on the road and the result left Klopp angry with his team's performance, prompting a humorous exchange with Wolves on social media. Joel Matip's own goal showed a sign of things to come after just five minutes and their misery was only compounded when Craig Dawson headed home a second. Ruben Neves made sure of the points in the second half to hand Julen Lopetegui's side a morale-boosting victory, but according to Klopp, it didn't "count". “The third goal I don't count because it was the first time they passed the halfway line in the second half," Klopp told BBC Match of the Day. "The other two goals, going into a game with all the things we said during the week and before the game then this is the start is horrible.” After spotting Klopp's comments being spread across Twitter, the Wolves social media team decided they could not leave the 55-year-old's bizarre comments go unanswered. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp admits he 'can't explain' Wolves thrashing Instead of posting a template graphic showing the full-time score of 3-0 with their team celebrating, the Midlands club hilariously created an image which depicted Neves looking devastated after his goal was 'cancelled' by Klopp. And some more eagle-eyed fans noticed the club had also altered the score to 2-0, with Neves' name crossed out in the image to complete the joke. The German admitted that he was left "angry" about the nature of the first 12 minutes of the game, but suggested Wolves' third goal was undeserved because Lopetegui's men did not deserve to score when defending in their half. Liverpool have slumped to 10th in the Premier League and are still winless in 2023 after a six-game run without a victory, and it was clear that Klopp was feeling the heat after giving a tetchy post-match interview. DON'T MISS Carragher slams 'shambolic' Liverpool defenders after Wolves thrashingLiverpool have four players letting club down after Wolves demolitionLiverpool's summer shortlist as Klopp faces Bellingham conundrum While Klopp was left perplexed by his side's dismal display and refused to answer question from one certain reporter in his post-match press conference, Lopetegui declared himself delighted with Wolves' performance. "Against these kind of teams you have to be very close to perfection if not you don't score and sometimes it's not enough. We try to defend well, be aggressive and match them with the ball," the Spaniard said. "It's not easy, it's easier if you score quickly as we did today but in the end they are three points. We haven't done anything yet, we have hard work ahead of us, the injury was a pity with Hwang Hee-Chan but after we will try to be ready for the next match. "I want to highlight the team in general. They have played in a very good way and we tried to match Liverpool. We suffered when we had to, playing against one of the best teams. We are happy today."