Washing machines are one of the most used appliances in most homes, yet they can often be forgotten about during the weekly clean. Interior stylist Liz Amaya, who runs the Instagram account @liz.amaya.style, has been hailed as a "genius" after sharing a handy tip that she says will not only ensure your laundry is perfectly clean but may even "increase the life of your washing machine". Liz explained that she always makes sure to clean her washing machine "once a month". Though your washing machine works hard to remove dirt and grime from your clothes, that dirt can often end up accumulating in the machine drum. Residue from laundry detergent and fabric softener can also build up, and some washing machines can even end up being susceptible to mould. If you do not clean the inside of your appliance regularly, Liz warns you may begin to see "grim marks on your clean laundry". However, Liz has a straightforward solution to do "the work for you", without the need for scrubbing. She explained that she adds "two dishwashing tablets to the empty drum and runs on a hot cycle". Liz added: "It does the work for you." Fans have been impressed by her quick and easy cleaning hack, with one user writing: "Genius, I was about to buy an [expensive] washing machine cleaner! Thank you!" [SIC] Liz added that the method will also get rid of any musty smells collecting in the drum. READ MORE:Easiest method to ‘deter’ rodent from your home -‘they hate the smell’ She said: "Or, add one half [a cup] of bicarbonate soda to the load and the odours will go also." [SIC] In another video, Liz explained that cleaning her washing machine regularly is one of the ways she ensures her appliance will last for as long as possible. She said: "Don't overdo the detergent clean the dispenser draw often and clean the drum by running a hot cycle with one cup of vinegar." However, whether white vinegar is safe to use in your washing machine will depend on the specific model and its warranty. Be sure to check the instruction manual of your appliance before using white vinegar to clean the inside. According to Consumerreports.org, in some washing machines, white vinegar can damage the rubber seals and hoses. If you do clean the inside of your machine with vinegar, or use it as an alternative to fabric softener, be sure to use it sparingly. Liz added that you should always "clean the machine's rims" and "make sure the machine is level" on the ground. Liz's dishwasher tablet hack has amassed almost 3,000 "likes" on Instagram so far, with many users saying they have also tried the hack and discovered great results. One user said: "I do the same, it works so well." Another added: "Yes, I love this trick." However, much like when using white vinegar, some washing machine experts have warned there could be a catch to using dishwasher tablets. DON'T MISSPaving expert shares 4 common items to ‘avoid’ cleaning slabs with [COMMENT]£1 laundry tip to 'remove stains and keep clothes white' [VIDEO]M&S insider shares ‘burrito roll’ method for changing duvet covers [EXPLAINER] Though the tablets will likely have good results at first, they could cause problems over time. Experts from InTheWash.co.uk explained: "In short, it is possible to use dishwasher tablets to clean a washing machine, but you do so at your own risk." Using dishwasher tablets could void your warranty. In the user manual of most washing machines, there will be a paragraph explaining how to clean your appliance, as well as a list of things not to use. Dishwasher tablets also do not work quite as well at lower temperatures compared with the high temperature of your dishwasher. InTheWash added: "If you don’t set your washing machine to its highest temperature, the dishwasher tablet may not work properly. This may result in residue and chemicals being left behind, and nobody wants them on their clothes." Any residue left behind can impact the seal and rims inside of your washing machine, and may even require another wash just to get rid of them. If you want to clean your washing machine properly and ensure you are not using anything which may void the warranty or damage it, the good news is that there are products made specifically for the job. A Mumsnet review uncovered the three best washing machine cleaners in the UK: Overall best washing machine cleaner: HG Service Engineer For Washing Machines and Dishwashers - £8.99 Best budget-friendly washing machine cleaner: Dr Beckmann Service-it Deep Clean Washing Machine Cleaner - £2.50 Best scented washing machine cleaner: Dettol Antibacterial Washing Machine Cleaner - £2.70