The mum of Rhys Jones’s killer has been jailed again, this time for helping another of her children evade the police.  Her son Sean Mercer, then aged 16, shot and killed Rhys in August 2007. Janette Mercer, who is now 63, was jailed for nine months at Liverpool Crown Court yesterday after helping her youngest son Joseph to remain at large while he was wanted for dealing drugs. She allowed him to live with her while misleading the police about his whereabouts. Joseph Mercer was imprisoned for 30 months in October 2020, having been caught peddling heroin and crack cocaine from a hotel room in Bournemouth. The then 25-year-old was locked up after admitting possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. Janette’s previous involvement with the law came after Rhys Jones was caught in the crossfire of a feud between two rival gangs, the Croxteth Crew and the Strand Gang, as he walked home from football training on a summer evening nearly 16 years ago.  Sean Mercer was later unanimously convicted of murder by a jury and jailed for life with a minimum term of 22 years. His mum lied to police in a statement when they asked her about bicycles her son owned or had access to. He was riding a silver mountain bike when he fired the fatal shot but she said he did not own such a bike – and said the only one he had was black, orange and white. But it was discovered that she took delivery of the bike four months earlier when it was sent to the family following an insurance claim. On the day of her sentencing, she is said to have smiled at friends and family in the public gallery as she was led to the cells by guards. Liverpool Echo reports that yesterday was a different story as she was heard sobbing in the dock and dabbed her eyes with a tissue as she was sentenced for her latest lies. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's friend reveals significant text she received  Mercer admitted assisting an offender between 2 December 2019 and 14 June 2020. Clare Ashcroft, in mitigation, said that her client had been freed from prison in late 2010 and was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder the following year. Ms Ashcroft added: "It’s a second offence of a similar type to the first. It is fair to say what Ms Mercer is charged with and to which she has entered her guilty plea is over a period of some time, about six months, providing accommodation to her son when she knew he was wanted by the police. "Ms Mercer was and is of such character - impaired by her mental disorder, her depression, her anxiety and her PTSD - that she was unable to stand back and rationalise what she should do when confronted by the police. “She had her son manipulating her, whether wilfully or otherwise - she simply didn’t have the fortitude to see clearly through the situation. Of her son's arrest, Ms Ashcroft said: "She freely indicated that Joseph had been living there and sleeping in the room, almost as if it was a relief to her. “That is exactly what it was, it was a relief. “She has told me, quite frankly, that there were times when the police spoke to her and she felt she couldn’t tell Joseph because she was frightened of his reaction. “When she did try and implore him to contact the police he would become abusive, threatening, aggressive and she would simply withdraw." DON'T MISSMeghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok  [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION]  Proceedings were briefly adjourned at one stage as Mercer appeared to begin hyperventilating. She was given a paper bag to breathe into after saying: "I’m going to pass out. I’m going to faint. I’m going to collapse." Sentencing her, Judge David Potter said: "Joseph Mercer is your youngest child. "His behaviour towards you was marked with frequent violence. “The prosecution have disclosed numerous incidents where you had been assaulted and your house had been damaged by uncontrollable outbursts of aggression from him. "On several occasions, police made enquiries at your home as to his whereabouts. He had evidently been living there. “You did lie however, I am satisfied, because you were terrified about what Joseph might do if you had told the truth. “Assisting an offender is a serious offence, striking at the heart of the criminal justice system, and the public needs to know that prison will follow." 