Sean Fletcher took Countryfile viewers to the South West to explore the legacy of Cornwall's tin and copper mining industry. While Adam Henson went in search of a super fertiliser hidden deep under the North York Moors. However, the focus on the mining industry angered many BBC viewers and some aired concerns about Adam for not wearing a mask when he was down in the mine. Discussing what he was doing there, Adam began: "Fertiliser has been a huge talking point in agriculture over the last few years, and the war in Ukraine has really brought those conversations into sharp focus. "And then of course, there's also the climate question with massive amounts of energy being required to produce chemical fertilisers. "Well, today I'm in North Yorkshire at the Bowlby mine to find out about a new source of fertiliser that's being mined right here in the UK." The head of operations, Richard escorted Adam down to the mine, which took seven minutes in a lift. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "I am glad I've got my ear defenders on," the host continued. "And this is a mineshaft going way down. "Even with a lift travelling up to 10 metres a second, we're getting closer to the Earth's core. It's a seven-minute ride down." It took Adam and Richard 40 minutes to reach their final destination in the caves under the North sea. This is when Richard demonstrated how they mine and cut the mineral. Many viewers took to Twitter following the episode to complain about the mining segment. Mandy tweeted: "So #bbc2 bans #countryfile. But… anyone else screaming at #bbc2 #countryfile tonight: all about mining! "Lithium, fertiliser, and finally a couple of bats in an ex-mine that makes it all okay… cos we’re creating big caves for bats to live in… eventually.. oh f**k the economy." (sic) While Stuart Young added: "I'm very confused. Thought mines were bad, now they are being sold as great tourist attractions. #ThankTheVictorians #countryfile." (sic) DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's true identity  [THEORY]BBC backlash as fans blast Michael McIntyre over 'fake' surprise [VIDEO] "@BBCCountryfile just watched the piece on mining polyhalite. None of that looks safe for anyone. Is it? Dust in the air, 50 miles of tunnels under the North Sea," @bingy8 quizzed. Paula Sutton replied: "Did worry me that they weren't wearing masks!" As Paul Rowsell tweeted: "Just saw the piece on polyhalite mining on @BBCCountryfile. Hardly a face mask in sight. Those boys won’t be long about?" (sic) "This lithium mining can only be bad for the planet... First, you had the diesel scandal in telling people to get diesel engines now we are now being told electrical cars are the right thing to do but the process of producing batteries is bad news!!!.... What's next?" @__wetpaint__asked. (sic) Although, some viewers loved how informative the programme was, with @Geopunkrocker writing: "Excellent feature on the treatment of acid mine drainage in Cornwall on @BBCCountryfile just now. Also on the potential for lithium mining in Cornwall!" (sic) Diane added: "Fascinating edition of @BBCCountryfile tonight about Cornwall. "Had no idea about the fertiliser mine for example. This little island just keeps on producing the goods!" Countryfile returns on Sunday at 6pm on BBC One.