Pictures showing the tiny cupboard under the stairs where David Carrick locked one of his terrified victims have been revealed. The former Metropolitan Police officer shut one of his victims in the cupboard underneath the stairs as punishment, Southwark Crown Court heard ahead of Carrick's sentencing. Prosecutor Tom Little KC told the court he would "whistle at her as if she was a dog" and would not let her out. If the woman upset Carrick "she would be punished, sometimes by acts of violence and on other occasions, she was shut in a small cupboard under the stairs," the court heard. Other photos showed the cameras around Carrick's three-bedroom property in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, where he would watch victims whilst out on duty. The court heard that Carrick would text one of his victims calling her "his slave" and asking him to clean his house naked. Prosecutor Tom Little KC said: "She was scared because he was a police officer and he liked to control her." Carrick, who was a firearms officer, sent another victim a photograph of himself with a work-issue firearm saying "rememeber I am the boss". Mr Little told the court: "He threatened her with his police baton. "He told her that she should obey him and that, if she did, he would give her an amazing life." The prosecutor told the court the "systematic" offending was "catalogue of violent and brutal sexual offences". Carrick has admitted a total of 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape against 12 women. He will be sentenced later today with prosecutors saying he should be given a life sentence. READ MORE: David Carrick's victim opens up on how he held gun to her her head Victim impact statements heard by the court detailed victims' experiences with Carrick with one saying she "encountered evil" as she thought he was going to kill her. Another victim, who was raped by Carrick said no sentence would be enough for his crimes. She said: "The thought of being alone with a male officer makes me very anxious. "I don't think I could ever trust a male again because of what Dave did to me. "It's really tainted my opinion of men." The 49 charges admitted by Carrick include 24 counts of rape, nine counts of sexual assault, five counts of assault by penetration, three counts of coercive and controlling behaviour, three counts of false imprisonment, two counts of attempted rape, one count of attempted sexual assault by penetration, one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent and one count of indecent assault. Alisdair Williamson KC, defending, said Carrick "accepts full responsibility for what he has done" and that it is likely any life sentence will "bring him close to, if not to, the close of his natural life". Following his admission, the Metropolitan Police was forced to apologise to his victims after Carrick's crimes went unnoticed despite several complaints. The hearing continues. 