Bruce Willis' family have taken to social media to update the Hollywood legend’s devoted fans on his aphasia battle. They shared a picture of the actor, 67, smiling on the beach as they announced he has been diagnosed with dementia. The announcement began: “Our family wanted to start by expressing our deepest gratitude for the incredible outpouring of love, support and wonderful stories we have all received since sharing Bruce’s original diagnosis. “In the spirit of that, we wanted to give you an update about our beloved husband, father and friend since we now have a deeper understanding of what he is experiencing. “Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD).” The statement added: “Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces. “While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis.” The message signed by the “Ladies of Willis/Moore” added that a full statement was released via The Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration’s website. The full statement explained that the actor “always believed in using his voice in the world to help others, and to raise awareness”. It added that his family “know in our hearts” that if Bruce could he “would want to respond by bringing global attention and a connectedness with those who are also dealing with this debilitating disease and how it impacts so many individuals and their families.” The statement continued: “Ours is just one family with a loved one who suffers from FTD, and we encourage others facing it to seek out the wealth of information and support available through AFTD (@theaftd, theaftd.org). “And for those of you who have been fortunate enough to not have any personal experience with FTD, we hope that you will take the time to learn about it, and support AFTD’s mission in whatever way you can.” Bruce’s family stressed that the film star “has always found joy in life – and has helped everyone he knows to do the same”. They added: “It has meant the world to see that sense of care echoed back to him and to all of us. DON'T MISSAshley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [PICTURES]Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers [NEWS]Hollywood icon Raquel Welch dies at 82 following 'brief illness' [LATEST] “We have been so moved by the love you have all shared for our dear husband, father, and friend during this difficult time. “Your continued compassion, understanding, and respect will enable us to help Bruce live as full a life as possible.” Last year, Bruce announced his retirement from acting due to battling aphasia, a disorder that affects how he communicates. Bruce’s friend and fellow film star Sylvester Stallone shared an update about his health back in November, as he lamented the “sad” situation. Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter, Sylvester said: “Bruce is going through some really, really difficult times. So he’s been sort of incommunicado.” He added: “That kills me. It’s so sad.” When Bruce’s family first shared the news last year, his daughter, Rumer Willis, said the diagnosis came after he had been “experiencing some health issues", with her Instagram post noting the disorder has been “impacting his cognitive abilities”. The actress, 33, wrote: "As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him."