Mercedes avoided any real on-track battle between George Russell and Lewis Hamilton last season largely due to the team's inability to challenge for race wins. But former F1 driver Mark Blundell is looking forward to seeing whether the team dynamic changes should the Mercedes duo find themselves battling at the front of the grid this year. It was a year to forget for Mercedes in 2022 as the team began the season on the back foot due to their ongoing porpoising issues. The first few months of the season were largely spent making major changes to the car in trying to find the sweet spot, but each race weekend brought new challenges. It wasn't until the final few races that the team closed the gap to Ferrari and Red Bull with Russell taking Mercedes' only win of the season in Sao Paulo ahead of Hamilton, whose race was compromised after a collision with Max Verstappen. There is more optimism about Mercedes returning to the front of the grid on a regular basis in 2023, potentially pipping Russell and Hamilton against each other in a championship battle. Hamilton and Russell appeared to strike up a friendly relationship at Mercedes in their first year together. That could be put to the test this year if Mercedes are able to battle at the front of the grid on a regular basis.  And Blundell isn't too sure whether Russell has the 'cut-throat' nature in him to go against team orders should Mercedes ask him to step aside for Hamilton in a race if the young Brit is still involved in a title battle. “I don’t see that at the moment in George Russell, but I don’t know him that well,” he told PlanetF1. “But you know, from the outside looking in, he seems an incredibly nice guy and doesn’t seem to have that little edge to him. But, you know, we’re talking about putting him in the situation where we see whether that decision is going to get taken and to date, he’s not quite been in that situation to make that decision.  “That’s going to be the interesting point. You know, if he’s 15, 16 races into a championship and he’s leading it, is he going to start to get cut-throat and carve out a niche for himself inside the team and Lewis is going to be sitting there, you know, wondering what’s going on? We’re going to have to wait and see whether that develops. “But yeah, I don’t think the decision has had to be made by him yet on that side. So that’s something that we’re going to all watch and see how it pans out.” The new season gets underway next week in Bahrain with pre-season testing taking place this weekend. Teams have a far more limited time on track this year as opposed to 2022 to gather as much data as possible heading into the season opener.