US buyout financier Ares Management Corp have reportedly offered funds to help a bidder take over Manchester United. The Red Devils have been put up for sale by their Glazer family owners, with interested parties being given a soft deadline of 10pm last Friday to put forward their offers. According to Reuters, Ares have become the latest asset manager to try and get involved in the proposed takeover, with Elliott Investment Management and Oaktree Capital also reportedly offering to finance a bid. Ares, who currently manage funds of £290million, have offered backing to at least one bidder in the form of structured equity. But they have reportedly been turned down as their terms were “unattractive.” Ares recently raised £3.1billion for a dedicated sports fund in order to invest in leagues and clubs. That fund has already invested in Atletico Madrid and Inter Miami - but it is unclear whether Ares would use it to back a bid for United or whether they would provide funding through another vehicle. JUST IN: Thibaut Courtois tried to mock Mohamed Salah before huge error The firm is said to have backed two of the failed bids to buy Chelsea last year before Todd Boehly completed his takeover. And they were also reported to be supporting Miami-based investor Kapital Football Group during their 2020 pursuit to buy a Premier League club. Kapital reportedly later abandoned efforts to acquire Southampton. Qatari Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani and Britain’s richest man Sir Jim Ratcliffe currently appear to be the frontrunners to buy United after putting forward offers last Friday. Sheikh Jassim apparently plans to fund his bid without debt, while Ratcliffe will avoid turning to external financing but could consider bringing a minority equity partner on board.  United have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes on the pitch under Erik ten Hag this season and have climbed to third in the Premier League table, where they find themselves just five points behind leaders Arsenal. They will be among the favourites to lift the Europa League trophy if they can overcome Barcelona in the second leg of their play-off on Thursday night. And before hosting West Ham in the FA Cup fifth round next week, Ten Hag’s team will be on the hunt for silverware when they take on Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. “We are following it - it’s our club,” Ten Hag said last week as he spoke about the takeover. “Of course we are committed but we are focusing on football, on training and our way of play, and games. Others in the club will have to make decisions and give efforts in the process, but it’s not up to us. From the start, they (the club) informed me how the process will go. I focus on football, they are focusing on other parts - departments of the club and how to get everything financed.” 