Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to celebrity psychic Jasmine Rose Anderson who said, due to the alignment of the planets over King Charles’s coronation weekend, it doesn’t seem likely the monarch will rule for a long time - he has other priorities, according to her. She also predicted that there will be huge changes within the Royal Family in the months and years to come. Jasmine told Express.co.uk: “Right off the bat I am not seeing King Charles being our king for very long. “To begin with, the date of his coronation is May 6, and we will be in Mercury Retrograde. “Mercury Retrograde occurs when it appears that Mercury is going backwards in the skies. It isn't actually going backwards, it's just an illusion because of how the planets and our solar system orbits the sun. “Mercury rules communication, travel, messages and electrical equipment. These can become temperamental during a Retrograde. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet “I always tell my clients to expect delays during a Retrograde, have a back up plan, make sure they check travel plans in advance. Expect miscommunication.” Because of this, “it’s also not a good time to start anything new”, according to Jasmine - such as a new job, or role, as is the case for the new King. “Starting something new during a Retrograde can often mean problems will occur later on and it will be short lived,” the astrologer added. “Since Charles took on the role of King I have felt that his reign will not be a long one.” But how long - or short - exactly? Jasmine predicted: “I feel anything from a few months - 18 months, but as time goes on the more I feel that he will abdicate before a coronation. This is a possibility. “Diving in a little deeper into some tarot, it looks like he will go through with his coronation and he will be successful, but it won't be a long reign like I felt.” Jasmine went on to say that “there is no doubt that Charles is cut out for the job - he has trained his whole life for it”, but there is something else he wishes to prioritise - his love for Camilla. “When it comes to his love for Chamilla, I feel it will put a huge strain on their relationship which he won't want to jeopardise,” the psychic explained. “The public is very divided on how they feel about Camilla as Queen Consort. They hold Camilla and King Charles responsible for the pain Diana went through. “Diana is still in the hearts and minds of the public as the people's Princess, and even after all these years she's been gone, she is still upstaging them. “I see Camilla being very affected by how the public view her and this will be telling on their [her and Charles’] relationship. “To Charles, they are soulmates and she means more to him than the crown,” Jasmine claimed. The psychic predicted Charles will abdicate, with William taking his place. Interestingly, this bears resemblance to Charles’ uncle, Edward VIII, who chose to abdicate because of the love he had for his partner - and later wife - Wallis Simpson. She was an American divorcée. Jasmine said: “I feel the Crown would be passed to William initially. William will have much more success as King than Charles. I feel Harry and William could be coming together here and ending their strife. “I feel much of the Royal Family will begin to live a life away from the public eye,” she added. “I feel it is ending with Willam and Harry.”