PIP provides support to many Britons who live with a long-term illness or condition that affects their daily life. Claimants have to report several changes in their circumstances to the DWP including if they are planning a trip abroad. Government guidance states: “This change may affect the claimant’s entitlement to PIP. We will need to know the date the claimant is leaving the country, how long they are planning to be out of the country, which country they are going to and why they are going abroad.” If a person is planning an extended holiday this year, they should contact the DWP to let them know as soon as possible. A person can report a change in circumstances by calling the PIP enquiry line. If someone needs help with this, they can ask another person to be added to the call. There is also the option to ask someone else to call on behalf of the claimant, but the claimant will need to be with them when they call. READ MORE: 'It’s the right time!' Savers urged to switch their accounts as interest rates peak looms The PIP enquiry line is 0800 121 4433, and if a person cannot hear or speak on the phone, they can dial 18001 and then the number. There is also a British Sign Language (BSL) video relay service which a person can use if they have a computer. Other changes that PIP claimants should report to the DWP include if they need more or less help or support with their condition, or if it will last longer or shorter than they previously said. Claimants can no longer get payments if they have been in an NHS hospital for 28 days. Privately funded patients will not be affected.  If a person is in hospital or a similar institution when their PIP entitlement begins they cannot be paid until they are discharged. PIP is split into a daily living element and a mobility element with a lower and higher rate for each element depending on a person’s needs. The daily living component pays a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate of £92.40 at present. The mobility component includes a payment of £24.45 a week for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost A claimant on the higher weekly rates of both components would get £156.90, which would be £627.60 a month. PIP payments are to increase by 10.1 percent in April along with several other benefits, including Universal Credit. Once the uprating has been applied, the daily living components of PIP’s lower and higher rate will rise to £68.10 a week and £101.75 respectively. The mobility component will increase to £26.95 a week for the lower rate and £71.05 for the higher rate. A person applying for PIP may need to have an assessment to find out how their condition affects them. People can get PIP more quickly if they have six months or less to live. They will need a doctor or medical professional to confirm this in their application. PIP is being replaced in Scotland by the Adult Disability Payment, which is currently paid at the same rate as PIP. People who claim PIP or Disability Living Allowance will not need to apply for the new benefit as they will be transferred automatically.