A mom has lost custody of her three-year-old son after a sperm donor was declared the “legal parent”. Kris Williams faced a judge who ruled that she and her ex-partner Rebekah Wilson should have adopted the child, despite the pair giving birth to him. The couple, both married, raised the boy after using Harlan Vaughn as a sperm donor. Rebekah entered into a sperm donor agreement with Harlan in September 2018, but Kris was not included or referenced in the agreement. In December, after multiple at-home inseminations, Rebekah became pregnant, before she married Kris in June 2019. Two months later in August, the boy was born, with both Rebekah and Kris listed as mothers on his birth certificate. However, when the couple’s marriage fell apart in November 2021, Rebekah obtained a Victim Protective Order against Kris. She and the boy then moved in with Harlan, who filed a Petition for Adjudication of Paternity and Establishment of Custody and Visitation on January 18, 2022. Now, on Monday, Judge Lynne McGuire ruled that Kris was not the mother of the child and that the sperm donor was the legal parent. The mom then spoke to local outlet KLOR, saying she was left “in shock” by the ruling. “I can tell you that that brings a lot of anger and emotion on me,” she said through tears. “Why? Just why?" The ruling cited Oklahoma's Uniform Parentage Act, which does not take into account same-sex marriage. It specifies how a parent-child relationship is established, and artificial insemination is not included but adoption is. The court ruling stated that since Kris did not give birth to the child and did not adopt the child, she could not establish a mother-child relationship. READ MORE: Chinese spy balloon 'targeted Hawaii' before it was blown off course Kris told the court during the trial that she and Rebekah had discussed adoption, but she chose not to pursue it. She is now appealing the ruling to the Oklahoma Supreme Court, believing that there is not enough precedent for the complicated situation for the ruling to stand. Attorney Robyn Hopkins argues that Kris is on the birth certificate of the child, and they were legally married, so she should be considered a parent. She believes that adoption should not be forced on same-sex couples to claim parenthood, as it is not required for men in heterosexual couples. He said: "Show me where the case law says that gay people have to adopt their own children? "Why do gay people have to have a home study and a background check to adopt their own children and pay upwards of a couple of thousand dollars and go to court to make it official?" Court documents show Rebekah and the child have lived with Harlan since November 2021. It states that they both testified that they did not believe their sperm donor contract was valid and officially terminated it in writing in February 2022. On Tuesday, Harlan told KFOR in a statement, “We remain focused exclusively on our child’s protection and well-being. “We are grateful for the court’s validation.”