Rishi Sunak's Windsor Framework agreement is the "best possible deal" available and could eliminate barriers to a UK-US trade accord, George Bush's former special envoy to Northern Ireland has claimed. Mitchell Reiss discussed the ramifications of the Prime Minister's deal with Express.co.uk after Sunak unveiled the agreement alongside European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen in Berkshire yesterday.  He said: "The Windsor Framework is important to resolve the outstanding issues in order not only to settle relations between the UK and the EU but also to try to bring some certainty and predictability to the constitutional questions that were raised by the Northern Ireland Protocol." Reiss added: "It is the best possible deal that could be achieved under the circumstances." The Windsor Framework has resolved several issues which plagued Northern Ireland since Great Britain left Brussels' single market and customs union, including reducing checks on goods between Ulster and the rest of the UK. However, some Unionists warn Northern Ireland's sovereignty will be infringed upon under the jurisdiction of the European Courts of Justice. Despite Reiss' support, it is yet to be seen whether Unionists in Ulster will back the deal. Traditional Unionist Voice leader Jim Allister came out against the agreement, claiming: "This is a deal which falls far short." JUST IN: White House hints new Brexit deal will 'open up' major US-UK trade pact However, it is unclear how the Democratic Unionist Party, the second-largest party in Stormont, will react. DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said yesterday: "In broad terms it is clear that significant progress has been secured across a number of areas whilst also recognising there remain key issues of concern." But Eurosceptic Tory MPs have so far appeared to champion Sunak's deal, with three former Brexit Secretaries lauding the accord as a moment to focus on the "opportunities" the UK now has. Addressing critics of the Windsor Framework, Reiss suggested detractors had done little to put forward an alternative deal. He said: "I don't hear from the critics that they are presenting any alternatives that are realistic and I think that this deal will be welcomed by the business community, both north and south, and I think it paves the way for restoring the Stormont Assembly which is absolutely essential." The Windsor Framework could also provide the UK and US with an opportunity to enhance its special relationship, particularly if Joe Biden remains in the Oval Office. Reiss suggested the 46th POTUS, who himself is proud of his Irish roots, should now visit Belfast to "celebrate and commemorate" the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement. But he also claimed Sunak's efforts, which came "without all the drama", could provide London with a starting point for trade negotiations with Washington. He explained: "Trade deals are not invoked these days. "Around the world they've been in retreat for a while. "But it does remove a structural barrier, and certainly a rhetorical barrier, because the Biden administration had made clear that they wanted it settled before they would begin those conversations with London." Biden's National Security Council spokesman John Kirby even hinted Sunak's deal could open up a new avenue for UK-US relations. DON'T MISS:Labour plots to trigger Tory civil war over Brexit deal with EU [LATEST]Rishi Sunak is making the biggest gamble of his political career [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak vows his new Brexit deal will 'finish the job' for UK [UPDATE] He said: "We believe that this will help improve the prosperity of both the EU and the UK, and will open up all kinds of new avenues for trade that were somewhat at risk." Biden also welcomed the Windsor Framework as an "essential step" to protecting the Good Friday Agreement. An Anglo-American accord would likely bring financial reward to businesses on both sides of the Atlantic, with total trade in goods and services between the UK and US exceeding £260billion in the four quarters to the end of 2022’s third quarter. A free trade agreement between the two nations could increase trade by £15billion in the long-term and boost UK workers’ wages by £1.8billion, Whitehall analysis has estimated. The strength of the special relationship has been brought into question in recent years with Anglophile Donald Trump even failing to get a last-ditch mini-deal over the line in January 2021. Biden would then remove any prospect of an Anglo-American accord over Boris Johnson's Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, much to the delight of ex-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. The former Prime Minister, who was born in New York, reportedly said "f**k the Americans" when speaking to former Lord Chancellor Sir Robert Buckland about whether Sunak was seeking to solve the Northern Ireland crisis to smooth relations with Washington. However, Reiss stressed the so-called special relationship has remained intact in recent years. He said: "The rumours of the death of the special relationship have been greatly exaggerated. "Regardless of the change in leadership in both countries over the past few years there has continued to be excellent cooperation on military-to-military, excellent cooperation on intelligence sharing. "Sometimes the politicians have seemed a little bit at odds but the institutional connection between the UK and US are so strong that it has been able to persevere." Express.co.uk has approached the White House for comment.