In his latest memoir, The Spare, Harry opened up about losing his virginity to an unknown woman and went into detail about the "quick ride". Tonight, Sasha Walpole opens up about the "secret" night with the Duke of Sussex and claims that he's "not the boy that I remember." During a clip of tonight's show, Piers is seen asking: "This is a guy who's 16th in line to the throne of this country, talking about losing his virginity to you. "Would you agree that it was inglorious then? Did you know as you were 'in the field' that he was actually a virgin? "You think he should have had the manners to just let you know? What do you think of Meghan Markle, his bride? You share a lot in common. Sasha replied: "Yeah we do, we both refer to him as 'H'." READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered When asked if he seems happier, she explained: "He is not the boy that I remember, that is for sure but again I am not in his shoes. "I have no idea what is going on in his head, I haven't seen him for 21 years but..." Piers cheekily asked: "Do you think he has traded up from you or down?" to which she confidently replied: "Definitely down." In Harry's biography, he opened about how he lost his virginity to an "older woman" who treated him "not unlike a young stallion". He added she "smacked my rump and sent me off to graze" after a "quick ride", without revealing her identity. During the show with Piers tonight, Sasha explains the reason why she decided to come forward and reveal her identity. She said: "People are asking, family and friends. We know who it is, and then suddenly it's just a reality of 'This isn't going to go away'. "[It's] forever this is going to flare up. Until they know who it is, they're going to be questioning people. He could have given me the heads up that you know, 'I'm going to put it in the book'." DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [LATEST]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [INSIGHT]John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts [WATCH] The interview with Piers isn't the first one she has done revealing who she was and what happened between her and Prince Harry. She recently spoke with the Mail on Sunday and revealed that she never spoke to Harry again after they had slept together. Sasha explained how she and Harry had become friends whilst she was a groom at the future King Charles's Gloucestershire estate, Highgrove. The pair snuck out of the pub where she was celebrating her birthday for a Marlboro Light cigarette and ended up clambering over a fence to a field. "He started to kiss me. It was passionate and intense. We both knew. It went from a kiss to the floor pretty quickly. "It was instant, fiery, wham bam, between two friends. It was sparky because we shouldn't have been doing it. He wasn't 'Prince Harry' to me. "This was Harry, my friend, and the situation had got a little bit out of control. It felt naughty, I suppose, in the sense that it shouldn't be happening." Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.