The 1975 just announced their "biggest show to date": a headline slot in London's Finsbury Park. The 40,000-capacity location will see the British rockers hit the stage this summer on Sunday, July 2, 2023. This enormous gig follows their sold-out tour throughout the UK and Europe which just came to an end. General onsale tickets come out at the end of the week, but there are lots of presale events before they are released. Here's all the info you need to skip the queue and secure your tickets early. There are quite a few presale events for The 1975's Finsbury Park gig this summer. O2 Priority's presale event begins tomorrow, Wednesday, February 15, 2023, at 9am. Fans of the British band will be able to get involved with this presale if they are subscribers to the O2 phone network. After that, they can get a presale code from the O2 Priority website, and can go on to grab tickets here. At the exact same time, tomorrow (Wednesday, February 15, 2023, at 9am) The 1975 will be holding their own presale event. Fans can get access to this presale event by signing up to the link in the band's Twitter bio here. After receiving a code to The 1975's presale event, tickets will be available for purchase from Ticketmaster here. Spotify will hold their own presale event for The 1975 the following day, Thursday, February 16, 2023, at 9am. Access will be granted to this by registering interest in the band on the Spotify app or website. Once this sign-up process has been completed, tickets will be available here starting at 9am on Thursday, February 16. Ticketmaster is also jumping into the presale game for The 1975's massive event. As per usual, music lovers who have signed up for the Ticketmaster website will then be able to register their interest in the Finsbury Park event. Once the event goes live at 9am on Thursday, February 16, 2023, tickets will be available for purchase here. The fifth and final presale event for The 1975's Finsbury Park gig is being hosted by Live Nation. This ticket release will happen on Thursday, February 16, 2023, at 9am, and will take place solely on the Live Nation website. Users can sign up to the Live Nation website early before registering their interest for the band's gig and purchasing tickets here directly from the ticket retailer. After all of these presale events have ended, the general onsale will begin at the end of the week. General onsale tickets for The 1975 at Finsbury Park will be released on Friday, February 17 2023, at 9am. Tickets will be available at various retailers, including right here at Ticketmaster, as well as here on Live Nation - both of whom will be holding presale events earlier in the week. Fans who are excited to see Matty Healy and the rest of The 1975 are advised to sign up to their chosen retailer early and input their card details for a quicker checkout. After that, it is important to get into the digital queue for the tickets well in advance to avoid disappointment. And it is also crucial that - once in the virtual queue - you do not refresh your page, otherwise you'll lose your spot. Prices for The 1975's tickets have not yet been released, but tickets for Jamie T at Finsbury Park this summer begin at £52.50 and go up to £82.50 for VIP packages. Fans can likely expect similar prices for The 1975 - or even more, considering their recent wins at The Brit Awards. These are, of course, subject to extra charges from the promoters as well. The 1975 are being supported by a collection of massive acts. Their main support act is Cigarettes After Sex, the American dream pop band from Texas. They are following Bleachers, the New Jersey rock band who have won six Grammy Awards, including Producer of the Year. The Japanese House will hit the stage before them, the British indie pop musician who is just 27-years-old. The first band on the list, however, is American Football, the Illinois-based rockers who have set pop-punk kids' hearts on fire for well over a decade.