Convicted sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell is launching a $10million (£8.3million) appeal against her 20-year jail term after reaching a divorce settlement with her former husband. The disgraced socialite has also hired convicted sex abuser Harvey Weinstein's appeal lawyers to try to help her clear her name. Maxwell had an outstanding legal fee of $878,302 (£730,712) and also needed money to pay for her appeal lawyers. The balance and money needed to be paid by the end of January. But the payment to her lawyers was being held up after her ex-husband refused to release money from her $20million trust, which took charge of after her arrest. The 60-year-old former socialite finally reached a settlement with her ex, Scott Borgerson, after a lengthy and bitter dispute. The new development has emboldened Maxwell in her quest to overturn her 20-year jail sentence, a source close to the family told the Daily Mail. They said: "Ghislaine has reached a divorce settlement with her husband Scott Borgerson and is ready to fight back. "Her lawyers are confident that she has a strong case for appeal." Her ex husband Scott Borgerson is a 46-year-old tech millionaire who lives in Massachusetts. The pair married in 2016, having first met at a conference in Reykjavik, Iceland in 2013. READ MORE: Andrew's photo with accuser Virginia Giuffre is real, evidence shows Borgerson took control of Maxwell's fortune after she transferred £20 million into a trust fund before her arrest. This included £12.6 million from the sale of her New York home. Up until their divorce settlement, Borgeson refused to release money that Maxwell needed to pay lawyers and launch her appeal but she is now expected to receive aboiut $10million from the settlement. She has now engaged with Harvey Weinstein's lawyers to try to overturn her conviction. Arthur L Aidala, who is representing Weinstein in his court appeal, told PageSix.com that "the trial judge made mistakes" in Maxwell's case.   Maxwell is serving a 20-year prison sentence in Florida after being found guilty last year of luring young women and girls to sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. She was convicted of five charges in December 2021 relating to the recruitment of victims between 1994 and 2004 following a month-long trial. During the trial, she was found guilty of sex trafficking of a minor, transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors and conspiracy to entice minors to travel to engage in illegal sex acts. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews