Donald Trump has labelled fellow Republican Chris Christie a "complete disaster" as he traded blows with his friend-turned-critic. The 45th POTUS has been on the offensive in recent weeks, slamming Republicans who have questioned if he has what it takes to win back the White House in 2024. Former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who endorsed Trump in 2016 after dropping out of the Republican primary race, has become a critic of the ex-President and warned he cannot defeat Joe Biden in just under two years' time.  Responding to Christie, Trump said on his social media platform Truth Social: "'Sloppy' Chris Christie, the failed former Governor of New Jersey, spent almost his entire last year in office campaigning in New Hampshire for the Republican Nomination for President. "Much like his term in office, where he left with an Approval Rating of just nine percent, his Presidential campaign was a complete disaster. "He endorsed me the following day, later recommended Chris Wray for the FBI (how did that work out?), went down in flames, and then was SALVAGED by ABC FAKE NEWS. I never wanted him!" Christie did not back down from the spat and took to Twitter to lament his former boss for his latest "tantrum". JUST IN: Major blow for Biden as new poll finds majority of Dems want him out before next election The 60-year-old, who received less than 60,000 votes in the 2016 Grand Old Party primary, said: "I’m the target of Donald Trump’s new tantrum. "None of his lies about me today bothered him when he asked me to prep him for every general election debate or offered me three different cabinet posts. "He’s the only man to lose to Biden outside Delaware. That loss to Joe still stings." A number of leading Republicans have warned Trump cannot win the 2024 election. Trump's former chief of staff Mick Mulvaney recently told Express.co.uk: "Trump has simply continued to add to his baggage since the election of 2020. "He’s giving people more and more reasons not to vote for him again, as opposed to giving people reasons to vote for him again and he’s certainly not doing any outreach to change people's minds from 2020. "When you combine that with the extraordinary talent that we have on the Republican bench, in terms of the next generation of potential leaders, it simply drives a lot of Republicans, myself included, to conclude that we don’t need Donald Trump anymore. "We can get just as good policies, just as good leadership, without all of the baggage and we can win an election which I don’t think Donald Trump can do in 2024." DON'T MISS:US evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT]  Trump is the only GOP candidate to have officially entered the 2024 campaign. However, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and former Vice President Mike Pence have all been tipped to challenge him for the Republican nomination. Haley looks set to be the next candidate to enter the race as she is preparing to host an event in South Carolina on February 15. 