Prince William expressed concerns for Prince Harry’s privacy, a recently unearthed clip has shown. The clip, filmed just before he started his gap year in 2000, shows William giving an interview in the garden of his father’s home, Highgrove House. In it, he reflects on his hopes for Harry’s privacy to be respected whilst he attended Eton. In the interview, Prince William thanked the media for how he was treated during his time at Eton. He said: “You’ve left me all alone…it made a real big difference with everyone not trying to snap a picture when I was walking around the streets. I hope it continues for Harry when he’s there.” The unearthing of the clip comes as tensions continue to swell between Prince Harry and the Royal Family after the publication of his memoir Spare. Privacy intrusions, particularly by the media, are thought to be one of the main reasons Prince Harry and Meghan Markle decided to leave the Royal Family. READ MORE: Queen Maxima altered wedding tiara - 'not everyone could pull it off' However, this is something the Sussexes refute. In a statement, they said: “The Duke and Duchess have never cited privacy as the reason for stepping back…This distorted narrative was intended to trap the couple into silence.”   Since moving to the United States, the couple have become more vocal and conducted a series of interviews both with Netflix and other news organisations about their experiences of life inside the Royal Family. However, a few commentators say they may have revealed too much and others argue the allegations and details published in Spare are themselves an invasion of privacy by Prince Harry into the Royal Family. Furthermore, some have suggested this compromises any future privacy claims Prince Harry makes in the future. Writing for the Press Gazette, Dominic Ponsford said: “The royal appears to believe that only one version of his life should enter the public record, his own. But journalists can’t just be stenographers for Harry and Meghan. They have to hold the claims made by celebrities up to scrutiny. “One of the big factors judges take into account when assessing privacy claims is the extent to which claimants have put matters into the public domain themselves.”  Subsequently, one suggestion is that because Prince Harry has potentially invaded the privacy of another group that his own right to privacy could be diminished in a future court. Outside of Spare, Prince Harry has talked extensively about intrusions into his privacy in the past. In a 2016 BBC interview, he said: “Everyone has a right to their privacy and a lot of members of the public get it, but sadly in some areas there is this incessant need to find every bit of detail about what goes on behind the scenes.” 