Marks and Spencer was founded in 1884 and quickly became an icon on the British high street, but over the years, as the high street has struggled with footfall and rising rent prices, M&S is just one of many stores having to close its doors. Across the next six months, seven more M&S stores will be closed or relocated. Marks and Spencer is having a five-year shakeup, with 110 stores being closed altogether, and 104 new “bigger and fresher” food stores opening. 67 of the 104 stores being closed have had plans accelerated, with the following seven stores being closed this year. READ MORE: Keep lettuce fresh and crispy for 4 weeks with simple storage solution As for why these stores and other M&S stores are closing, the brand is looking to focus more attention on M&S Simply food. The 104 new Simply Food shops will increase M&S food-only sites from 316 to 420. The company is planning for the closures and new openings to be complete in five years, although this could be reduced to three, as it aims to save around £309million in rent costs. In last year's update, the brand revealed it faced £100million hit from soaring energy costs, on top of "unprecedented inflation". However, it said it will invest £200million in lowering prices of its food and fashion ranges. DON'T MISS...Paint expert says to ‘avoid white or pale grey’ paint for walls [EXCLUSIVE]Makeup artist shares eyeliner advice for an ‘instant facelift’ [GUIDE]Flight attendant advises bringing your own food on a plane [VIDEO] Last month, M&S announced its nearly half a billion [£480m] investment in bigger, better stores across the UK. The retailer’s investment will generate over 3,400 new jobs across the country and aims to create a fit for the future M&S store estate and a seamless experience for its customers every time they shop. The five-year store rotation programme “is about making sure we have the right stores, in the right place, with the right space and we’re aiming to rotate from the 247 stores we have today to 180 higher quality, higher productivity full-line stores that sell our full Clothing, Home and Food offer whilst also opening over 100 bigger, better food sites,” Stuart Machin, Chief Executive of M&S commented. READ MORE: Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted “The new store pipeline for 23/24 includes eight full line destination stores in key city locations.” Leeds and Liverpool are both due to open in the summer of 2023, with other major stores opening in Birmingham, Manchester and Lakeside in the Winter of 2023. These five new stores will be relocated from former Debenhams sites and will feature fresh market-style food halls stocking the full M&S Food range, spacious Clothing, Home and Beauty departments, brand-new M&S cafes, sustainable innovations such as Fill Your Own, as well as free car parking to make shopping more convenient for customers. Alongside full-line sites, M&S has planned investment in 12 new food halls in communities across the UK, including Stockport, Barnsley and Largs opening next year.