Police tackled a man as he attempted to move an eco protester halting traffic outside Parliament on Tuesday. Bystanders captured the moment an angry Londoner took matters into his own hands and manhandled an Animal Rebellion protester glued to the busy road in Whitehall. But he was apprehended by an officer, leading some to accuse the Metropolitan Police of taking sides. Videos taken outside Parliament captured several instances of frustrated Londoners removing protesters - in some cases violently - from the road. They pulled chairs out from under activists who had set up a dinner table as they challenged the UK's "cruel and destructive food system". One man attempted to deconstruct the setup and dragged people to the side of the road while attempting to free up traffic, with cars having spent an hour queued on the north side of Westminster Bridge. While he was able to grab and drag the activists, another man was quickly tackled by police. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's family 'frustrated' with police as they launch search In a separate video, the activists sit on the ground holding signs while police attempt to speak with them. A bald man stepped off the pavement and grabbed a female protester by the arm, dragging her towards the pavement. As he neared the pavement, a policeman rushed forward and tackled him into the perimeter surrounding Parliament, with another officer walking to his side. The officer's actions have proven controversial to some people, who have suggested he targeted the wrong person. Twitter user Sophie Corcoran accused the policeman of deciding to tackle the man "instead of doing their job and removing them themselves". She called on the police to do "their job instead of babysitting", with others making similar comments. GB News Political Correspondent Tom Harwood said the officer had the "wrong priority". Some people sided with the protester, with user Chris Wray stating the police "stopped a man assaulting a woman". Protesters at the scene said they were "straight up assaulted" by the bystanders. Speaking to The Guardian's Damien Gayle, one said: "We're just here trying to demonstrate love and asking people to love animals." He added: "We were handled significantly more violently than the police would handle us." He quipped that the violence was "kind of ironic on Valentine's Day", adding that members of the public told the people dragging them to stop the man who "straight up attacked us". While the police forced the man to back off, the Met Police did not confirm whether he was the one arrested. The police service said officers arrested one person for allegedly assaulting a demonstrating protester. Most of those arrested were activists, with five taken into custody. They were reprimanded by police for obstructing the Westminster highway.