Waitrose has announced it is committing £100million to lower the prices on over 300 of its products in order to help shoppers save money while buying quality products. Customers will be able to take advantage of the supermarket's record price cuts, which begin on February 15, in all stores across the UK. The price cuts include reductions on over 900 products of their own brand range "Essential Waitrose" by around 14 percent. Some of the reduced items are vegetables, ham, cheese and eggs. The Waitrose Essential British Roast Ham Slices 80g, for instance, is now reduced from £1.50 to £1. Waitrose Essential Mature British Cheddar Strength Four 160g is now £1.50 but it used to be priced at £2.10. A pack of eight Waitrose Essential pork sausages was £2.65 and is now £2.00, and Waitrose Essential Savoy Cabbage costs only 70p, after a reduction of 22 percent. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing in 2wks with ‘really effective’ facial oil  Executive director for Waitrose, James Bailey, said: “We understand that getting value for money has never been more important for everyone. "So we’re cutting the prices of hundreds of everyday favourites from carrots to butter, and tea and coffee, with many cut by 20 percent or more. "This means our customers can enjoy greater value in every shop, and by lowering prices in our Essential range we’re making our lowest prices even lower." He said that the price cuts "won’t compromise our commitments to delivering excellent customer service, exceptional quality and the unique ranges we know our customers love".  Besides, they will remain loyal to their commitments to farmers and suppliers "which means customers can continue to feel good about shopping with us". Mr Bailey continued: “Supporting our farmers is as important as supporting our customers. Last year alone, we paid our British beef, chicken, egg, milk, poultry and salmon farmers an additional £56million as a result of the increase in costs they were facing. “We remain committed to buying British and to the highest animal welfare standards, not just for whole cuts of meat but in other products from sandwiches to stocks and mayonnaise.” READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking For those who have a myWaitrose card, the supermarket offers further discounts and offers. There are weekly offers for members as part of myWaitrose loyalty programme with hundreds of thousands of vouchers every week. The retailer also offers a free hot drink when a customer makes a purchase and 20 percent off selected meat at our counters every Saturday. There is also a 20 percent off selected fish from fish counters available for shoppers every Friday.