Oleksandr Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk is set to fly over to London today to negotiate the Ukrainian’s proposed undisputed fight with Tyson Fury. Krassyuk has revealed that he will be pushing for a 50-50 purse split, which he and Usyk feel is 'more than fair’. The fight is expected to take place on April 29 at Wembley Stadium after talks broke down with Saudi Arabia. Boxing insider Mike Coppinger confirmed earlier this week that the representatives of the Middle Eastern nation, which was the original frontrunner to play host, were unable to confirm whether the construction of their new stadium in Jeddah can be completed in time. As a result, the fight will now take place in England with both parties being given one week to sign the paperwork. “I can’t really say anything in particular because we’re in the middle of negotiations,” Krassyuk told Boxing Scene. “But I can say for sure if it’s a fair deal when it comes to the unification—which is the undisputed unification, where one fighter has three belts and the other has one belt—a 50-50 split sounds fair. It sounds more fair than it should be. “If Tyson accepts this fair condition, it means he’s a real warrior and he really wants to fight not just for money but for heritage, for legacy and for four belts in the biggest fight in heavyweight history at Wembley stadium. Why not? End of April, beginning of May, perfect timing. But it has to be fair. As long as I’m representing Usyk, I will fight for fair conditions.” Krassyuk, who pointed out Fury’s volatility and history of backing out of fights, said he remains “really optimistic” that the two sides can come to an agreement as early as in the next “three days.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury vs Usyk in doubt as Brit holds 'confidential talks' with Wilder Meet the man behind Paul and Fury's Saudi showdown - EXCLUSIVE Joshua sets retirement deadline ahead of Franklin clash If the two parties are unable to agree upon terms, then Fury will look for a new opponent on the same date. Deontay Wilder is believed to be among those in consideration with World Boxing News recently reporting that Wilder and Fury have been in talks for weeks regarding a fourth fight in the spring. Fury has previously expressed interest in running it back with the Bronze Bomber at the historic London venue.“Deontay Wilder is now fighting Andy Ruiz Jr for a final eliminator to fight me,” said Fury during an interview with BT Sport. “Now [a fourth fight] would be amazing here at Wembley again, wouldn’t it? I’ve been over there [to America] three times now. If he wants the fourth fight he’s got to come here.” 