Aubrey Plaza, 38, had all eyes on her at the weekend as she arrived at the SAG Awards in a daring cut-out gold gown, exposing her underboob and toned midriff. However, the dress divided viewers, with many criticising the revealing look, leading the Hollywood stars' stylist to defend the actress on Instagram. Aubrey took to the stage at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday when the White Lotus cast received a gong. She looked sensational in a Michael Kors criss-cross halter neckline dress, also featuring a sultry thigh-high slit. However, the underboob-exposing element of the gold dress was met with criticism when the outfit was shared on Instagram by fashion blogger Check the Tag. Social media user Karutek wrote: "I love her but the dress is terrible." READ MORE: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours Sharlove39 added: "This fit is horrible and not flattering at all." Masion.Versace commented: "The straps could be better adjusted, but I love the colour and hair and makeup look amazing." Aubrey's stylist, Jessica Paster, responded by explaining her decision-making behind the outfit choice. She wrote: "@maison.versace did 7 fittings.. for real. I wanted underboob." This comes as videos have circulated online of Aubrey's apparent temper tantrum on stage. The actress was caught looking annoyed as she stood alongside Theo James, Meghann Fahy, Will Sharpe and fellow actor Jon Gries. Actor Jon, who plays Greg Hunt in the series, the husband of Jennifer Coolidge's character, was seen whispering something into her ear, prompting her to look furious. Many have speculated he was warning her that she was about to suffer a wardrobe malfunction because she immediately was seen adjusting her daring Michael Kors gown to cover her cleavage. DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [COMMENT] Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [INSIGHT] Princess Anne honours a beaming Gregg Wallace at Windsor Castle [PICS] However, the suspicious behaviour continued when F. Murray Abraham made a speech and sent a prayer, before shouting "union forever!", with Aubrey appearing to mouth quietly "Jesus Christ,'' under her breath. Along with her on-screen husband, Will Sharpe, she was one of the first of the cast to exit the stage as many of her co-stars were still embracing each other. Many took to Twitter to respond to Aubrey's SAG Awards mannerisms, as Adam wrote: "What is going on with Aubrey Plaza and the rest of the White Lotus cast? "She looked like she hated being up there and immediately ran off stage while everyone in the cast was congratulating and hugging each other #SAGAwards." Sam added: "Why was Aubrey Plaza so mad to win for White Lotus? #SAGAwards." An insider, however, spoke to the MailOnline, and said her reaction was a "direct result of her almost being elbowed in her face". The insider also claimed Aubrey's temper was further aggravated when her co-star Jon Gries warned her that her "boob was hanging out" of her risque gown. The White Lotus cast had taken to the stage to accept the SAG Award for Best Ensemble in a Drama Series.