Americans appear to be divided over Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's portrayal in the latest series of South Park, with some revelling in the depiction and others indifferent. Express.co.uk solicited a range of opinions on the Sussexes appearance in the latest series of the animated satire, which does not explicitly name the couple but it appears to poke fun at the "prince of Canada and his wife" and their quest to find privacy. Julie from Texas found the satirical stab "spot on", adding that she "almost cried it was so close to how myself and family feel about Harry and Meghan". Naomi from Santa Barbara also joined in on the joke, adding: "Brilliant! Very funny and I hope there is another episode!" while Vicky from New York said that the Sussexes had become a "laughing stock". Others came away with a different reading, with Deborah suggesting it may play to the Sussexes' strengths: "If Harry is in Southpark then he’s made it. He’s current and trending. "They mock everyone. Obama nor Star Wars is safe. It’s a spoof, and was kind of funny." READ MORE: South Park bosses make savage prediction on future of Prince Harry and Meghan's marriage The US resident continued: "No one in America is talking about it. The UK press is in a frenzy as their livelihood depends on Harry and Meghan. "It’s been on for over 25 years. I’ve never seen it get this much attention since Tom Cruise came after them over a decade ago." She was referring to the spoofing of Tom Cruise in the now-famous episode 'Trapped in the Closet' in 2005, which parodied the actor's relationship with the Church of Scientology. South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone ruthlessly mock Harry and Meghan in the latest season, with the "prince of Canada and his wife" appearing on a talk show at one point to promote a tell-all memoir while demanding privacy. DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT The young couple are shown attending her funeral, but at the ceremony they get booed by the rest of the family for “bashing the Canadian monarchy”. The episode, which aired last Wednesday, begins with the news that the Queen of Canada, who resembles the late Queen Elizabeth II, has died. The Sussexes then appear on a breakfast television show, called Good Morning Canada, holding placards that read “we want privacy” and “stop looking at us”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry would 'hopefully fade into obscurity' but in 'reality' are here to stay A reference to the Duke's memoir, Spare, was also made, as the host of the programme showed to the public the memoir - titled "Waaagh" in the cartoon. Meghan and Harry eventually relocated, in a bid to find privacy, to the small town of South Park, and bought their new home just next door to Kyle's. The house, drawn in typical South Park style, looked decorated with signs asking people to "respect our privacy" and "leave us alone". Harry and Meghan have not taken kindly to the spoofing, according to an unconfirmed report. Citing sources close to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, royal commentator Neil Sean claimed, as reported by GB News, the couple's "legal team are casting an eye" over the South Park episode titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour to "see what is wrong and what could be turned into something more sinister". Fox News said it has not yet been confirmed whether the pair will be taking legal action or not. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's representatives have been approached for comment.