Jack Draper has paid tribute to Andy Murray and his fellow British pros as he makes his Davis Cup debut in Colombia this weekend. The world No 40 received his first call-up to the squad for Britain’s qualifier tie and admitted he wouldn’t be where he was without the likes of the three-time Grand Slam champion helping him out. Draper enjoyed a breakthrough season in 2022 when he started the year ranked outside of the world’s top 200 and ended it by making his top 50 debut, also reaching a tour-level semi-final and Masters quarter-final. And the 21-year-old has already enjoyed a good start to his sophomore season, reaching the last four in Adelaide before being called up to Britain’s Davis Cup squad for the first time. The British No 3 has joined Cameron Norrie, Dan Evans, Neal Skupski and Joe Salisbury in Colombia as Britain bids to get through the qualifier stage and through to the knockouts for the tournament often seen as the world cup of men’s tennis. And Draper paid tribute to his teammates and Andy Murray for helping him reach his first Davis Cup. “It’s an unbelievable experience for me,” the world No 40 told the LTA. “I’m very grateful to be a part of this team considering the amazing players that we’ve got. With the support staff and everything, they’ve made me feel really welcome and I’m just really happy to be here.” JUST IN: Becker urged to return to Davis Cup after prison stint in Zverev plea   The 21-year-old also explained how he learned he would be part of Britain’s Davis Cup squad for the first time, saying: “Leon (Smith) spoke to me at the end of last year and said, ‘would you be keen to come with us to Colombia’ and I said of course I want to be there, I want to be part of this team and get the win.” And Draper admitted that he owed the likes of Murray “a lot” as he opened up on his relationship with his teammates and other British pros ahead of his debut on the squad. “The spirit in the team has been amazing – I know Skup and Joe quite well, but not as much as Cam and Dan,” he explained. “Ever since I was a young player, they have supported me, the same as Andy, and I owe them a lot. I don’t think I’d be where I am now if it wasn’t for their support and backing and making me feel so good as a young player. I love all the boys and I’m excited to be here like I said.” DON'T MISSGerard Pique's Davis Cup slammed by Zverev after his £2.5bn deal endsDjokovic warned of Nadal-backed rival that can disturb Grand Slam raceNick Kyrgios issues statement as Aussie avoids criminal record  Last year’s Next Gen Finals participant revealed that he had undergone an initiation after being called up to Britain’s team for the first time, adding: “The atmosphere is nice, it’s a bit of a change up, all of a sudden you have the team comradery which you don’t get when you’re travelling on your own. Obviously, you have your own little set ups but having the support of the other players and the banter on a daily basis is good for the head. “I did my initiation the other night – which hopefully hasn’t gone round because I had to sing a song, but I think everyone enjoyed me being very embarrassed. I went for a bit of Angels by Robbie Williams, which is a pretty tough song. I had no high notes but I think the rest was alright – I’ll be practising for next time.” Draper also addressed last year’s rise up the rankings, having reached a career-high of No 38 last month. “All of a sudden, I’m playing at bigger tournaments on the biggest courts and against the best players in the world, which is quite a big transition when you’re coming up. It’s quite a big transition when you’re coming up and tough to take it all in sometimes, but I’m really enjoying it,” he said.