Daniil Medvedev has labeled Andy Murray a "legend" following the Brit's remarkable fightback against Jiri Lehecka to reach the Qatar Open final. Murray looked down and out against the rising Czech star. Murray had taken the first set 6-0 in a dominating display, but looked out of sorts in the second set and struggled to win three games. With momentum on his side, Lehecka took control of the match in the deciding set and created five match-point opportunities. But Murray was incredibly able to bat all five away to force a tiebreak and eventually seal the match in one of the most remarkable wins of his illustrious career. The former world No 1 had similarly come back from the jaws of defeat against Alexander Zverev in the second round of the tournament. It now sets up a fascinating final between Murray and Medvedev, who beat Felix Auger-Aliassime on Friday. And Medvedev is fully aware that he will need to be at his best throughout the match to prevent Murray from winning his first ATP Tour title since 2019.  “It’s unbelievable [what Murray has done this week],” Medvedev said. “As soon as someone arrives at match point, that’s where the match starts. "So I have to be at my best from the first to the last point tomorrow to try to beat him. He’s a legend. He’s playing better and better, I feel like, not only here but in general. "This is amazing to see. He’s fighting. Today was just unbelievable, the way he won, so I’m really happy to face him tomorrow.” Murray, who has won two titles in Qatar previously back in 2008 and 2009, even surprised himself at being able to fight back from five match points.  “That was one of the most amazing turnarounds of my career,” he said. “I don’t know how I managed to turn that match around.” And the three-time major champion feels he's now reaching a point in his game where he's confident of making more memories on tour. “This week could have ended very differently,” Murray added. “But the way that I have played in the really important moments, the critical moments, has shown that there is a confidence and a belief in my game that has been missing for a while.”