Prince Harry is said to be unfazed after being ridiculed in a South Park episode as a royal expert claims he has a "good sense of humour". In the episode, which focused on the "Prince and Princess of Canada", the duo were mocked for going on a so-called "World Privacy Tour" while promoting Harry's new book "Waaaagh" - in a loosely veiled dig at his tell-all memoir Spare. Speaking on the Express's Royal Round Up, Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "One of the things I liked about him was that he always had such a good sense of humour and hopefully that shone through in this case and he has been able to laugh about it himself. "There's been a lot of speculative stories in the media about their reaction. Their PRs have come out and said they will not be taking legal action. I'm sure it wasn't very welcome but they've made it clear they're not planning any legal action." But the same might not be said for the Meghan Markle who is said to be "upset and overwhelmed" by how she has been portrayed in the episode. A source close to the couple told The Spectator the Duchess of Sussex "is annoyed by South Park but refuses to watch it all". South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone have previously parodied other members of the Royal Family, including the Prince and Princess of Wales. In a recent appearance, the South Park creators addressed the backlash they receive and admitted they often create content with the intention of “getting sued”. The writers also noted how the majority of backlash to some of their more controversial episodes often comes from those who consider themselves right-wing. Parker and Stone featured on this week's instalment of the Basic! Podcast, where they recalled some of the controversies their cartoon has generated over the years. READ MORE: Even Prince Andrew is more popular than Harry and Meghan  The duo admitted to the podcast's hosts Doug Herzog and Jen Chaney when it comes to unexpected backlash "there are so many moments we can't even remember." They added: "It was all coming from the right, we were considered counterculture. The Catholic League are always on our a*** - it kind of always came from that side." The conversation then swiftly moved on to South Park's infamous episodes centred around actor Tom Cruise and his controversial faith in Scientology, titled Trapped in the Closet and Coming Out of the Closet.  "Everyone knew Scientology was so litigious. People in Hollywood were scared of Scientology at the time because they would just sue you", as they looked back at the time the Cruise episode aired." DON'T MISS:Princess Anne offers Lady Susan Hussey olive branch after row [INSIGHT]Camilla teases King Charles as she carries out first visit in weeks [COMMENT]Prince William mocks his art skills on visit close to Diana's heart [PICTURES]  But in a statement given to Newsweek, a spokesperson for Harry and his wife shutdown all speculation that they are planning to sue South Park over the satirical episode, dubbing the rumours as "boring and baseless". American royal commentator Kristen Meinzer, told Newsweek it was easy to see why the couple were not taking legal action. Meinzer said: "I highly doubt Meghan and Harry are suing a satirical cartoon that famously ridicules everyone. "If anything, they'll know they're in good company with other decent people who've been raked over the coals by the show."  