A body has been found by police searching for the missing sister-in-law of actor Mackenzie Crook. Laurel Aldridge, who was 62, was reported missing from her home in the village of Walberton, near Arundel in West Sussex, on February 14 and was last seen at Slindon Cricket Club around two-and-a-half miles away.   A Sussex Police spokesperson said on Saturday: "Sadly the body of a woman has been found in the Tortington Lane area of Arundel. "At this stage, the family of missing Laurel Aldridge have been informed and we are seeking to confirm the identity of the woman." Crook, who is known for roles in The Office, Pirates Of The Caribbean, The Detectorists and Worzel Gummidge, had made public appeals to find his wife's elder sister and said her disappearance was "agonising" for the family. Speaking on Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, the actor said he and the family were "clutching at straws" but remained "determined and driven" to find Ms Aldridge.  He said he had seen "nothing but determination and stoicism" from the family during the search. "They've all gathered together and they are just driven to try and get Laurel back safely," he said. "At the moment everyone is containing their emotions, I'm sure the time will come for that later but right now everyone is very determined and driven. "We've got a strong suspicion that she is in the local area but that's just a hunch we're going on.  READ ABOUT AN EARTHQUAKE IN WALES "We can't imagine that she has gone very far afield." Missing posters had been put up on lampposts, tree trunks and in windows throughout Walberton. Rev Peter Dyson of St. Mary's Church in Slindon, said on Thursday he had been praying for the family, adding "people want to help but they want to be gentle". A spokeswoman for Slindon Parish Council said at the time: "We are very aware of the ongoing distress to Laurel's family at this time, the thoughts and prayers of this community are with them." DON'T MISS: Hollywood royalty move into London's oldest palace [REVEALED] Video captures 6-foot-6 schoolboy beating teacher unconscious [REPORT] Mapped - The US troops on high alert in bases near Russia and China [LATEST]