Pupils at Epsom College need significant support to manage their emotions after the tragedy that unfolded in the early hours of Sunday morning, a mental health expert says. The school’s headteacher Emma Pattison, her daughter Lettie and her husband George were shot dead in their home in the grounds of the school.    Police believe that George Pattison shot 45-year-old Emma and seven-year-old daughter Lettie dead at their house before turning the gun on himself.   The school is now closed for half-term but, when it reopens, child psychologist Dr Celine Redfern says both staff and pupils will need support to help “manage the aftermath”.   She said: “The deaths of Emma Pattison and her family are likely to be felt by the whole school community, including pupils, parents and staff.   “A wide range of responses and reactions to traumatic events is normal, and children of different ages tend to react to death in different ways.   “Traumatic events like these may shake teenagers' sense of safety in the world, and they may understandably seek reassurance or understanding to process what has happened.”     The clinical psychologist added: “Staff can be supported with their own grief and trauma responses, so that they feel able to do their jobs and can in turn be present, responsive and supportive to pupils when they return.   “Keeping routines provides predictability for pupils, although some easing of academic expectations may be required initially.   “Having trusted adults that pupils feel able to speak to or safe, ‘quiet spaces’ that pupils can go to within school would also likely help.   “Last, people need to be able to connect and come together as a community following traumatic events and bereavements: whether in the form of a memorial or a creative event, it is meaningful to remember the deceased and very powerful to know that you are not alone in trying to manage the aftermath.”   READ MORE: Viktor Orban fails to clap Zelensky as he joins EU family photo   And Dr Redfern, who works with children and families in North London, also has advice for parents on ways that they can help their sons and daughters cope with what happened.   She said: “When children have experiences and are feeling difficult things, we often want to try to fix things for them.   “But, the truth is that we cannot ‘fix’ this loss.   “However, we can be there for children to help them with their painful feelings: what they need most is empathy, love and reassurance.   “Keeping normal routines, hobbies, may also help bring a sense of predictability and security, whilst also helping their minds to be occupied with other things as well.   “Similarly keeping the usual boundaries of acceptable behaviour can be reassuring."   DON'T MISSCat owner surprised when adopted pet rapidly grew [PICTURED]Couple lost son 45 years ago in same area as Nicola Bulley [REVEALED]Joe Biden prepares to close deal on major migrant swap with Mexico [REPORT]     She added: “Parents can also give support by providing a space to talk about the deaths without feeling like they have to talk. “If a child wants to talk about what has happened, meet them at their developmental age: conversations with a 12 year old will differ from conversations with a 17 year old.   “Encouraging them to ask questions about what has happened can help parents better understand what they might be thinking about.  It is okay to say ‘I don’t know’ if you don’t know the answer, or ‘I want to answer that but I need some time to think about how to answer’.   “Young people may shut down and find it hard to talk, but they may also need lots of opportunities to talk and revisit the conversation, even asking the same questions again as they try to process and make sense of what has happened.   “Empathy, patience and communicating an intention of being there for them will help.   “Some teenagers may be reluctant to talk to their parents, but prefer to confide in a trusted adult, like a family friend, relative or religious figure.” The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 