Princess Anne made a public display of support for Lady Susan earlier this week, it has been claimed. The Princess Royal reportedly asked Queen Elizabeth II's senior lady-in-waiting - who stepped down in November after being accused of racism - to represent her at the memorial service for Dame Frances Campbell-Preston, held on Tuesday at the chapel of the Royal Hospital in Chelsea. A source, described as a family friend, told the Daily Mail: "Lady Susan was formally asked to represent the Princess Royal at the service. "She was more than happy to do so. Her official position was recorded in the order of service. It's great to see her back in the royal fold." Lady Susan's attendance at the sombre event was, however, not recorded in the Court Circular, the official registry taking notes of all official royal duties undertaken by senior members of the Firm. On the other hand, the Court Circular recorded how, on February 21, the Earl of Rosslyn attended that same service on behalf of the King and Queen Consort. Sources claimed to the newspaper this discrepancy is due to the fact that normally "only those representing the King or the Queen Consort at memorials" are recorded in the registry. However, between November and December alone the Court Circular recorded two instances in which the Princess Royal was represented by a close aide or friend of the Firm at a service. Approached by Express.co.uk, Buckingham Palace did not comment on Lady Susan's attendance at Dame Frances' memorial service. Princess Anne's absence from the service was likely due to her royal commitments, as on Tuesday she held an investiture at Windsor Castle on behalf of the King and attended a Joint Services Awards dinner at Plaisterers’ Hall the past master at the Worshipful Company of Carmen a few hours later. READ MORE: Diana and Charles pictured in rare unseen pictures with baby William Princess Anne's reported move in favour of the late Queen's lady-in-waiting was not the first public show of support demonstrated to Lady Susan, who is also a godmother of Prince William, by members of the Firm. In January, she was pictured heading to a church service in Sandringham alongside King Charles and Princess Anne. And earlier this week she was also seen entering Buckingham Palace from the staff entrance. Lady Susan was hit by a scandal in late November, when it emerged she had had a controversial exchange with Ngozi Fulani, domestic abuse campaigner and founder of the charity Sistah Space. Ms Fulani, who was one of the guests at a reception at Buckingham Palace hosted by Queen Camilla as part of her work to end violence against women and support its victims, recounted how she had been asked by Lady Susan where she was "really from". Buckingham Palace issued a swift response only hours after Ms Fulani had shared her story on Twitter, saying in a statement the "incident" had been investigated. The Palace added "unacceptable and deeply regrettable comments" had been made in that instance by the aide - which the statement did not name. The statement added: "In the meantime, the individual concerned would like to express her profound apologies for the hurt caused and has stepped aside from her honorary role with immediate effect. All members of the Household are being reminded of the diversity and inclusivity policies which they are required to uphold at all times." Prince William also waded into the row, with his spokesman saying "racism has no place in our society" and that the comments made by the aide "were unacceptable". On December 16, Buckingham Palace issued a new statement to announce Lady Susan and Ms Fulani had held a meeting "filled with warmth and understanding", during which the late Queen's aide had had the chance to offer her "sincere apologies for the comments" made and for the "distress" they had caused the charity leader. The 83-year-old also "pledged to deepen her awareness of the sensitivities involved and is grateful for the opportunity to learn more about the issues in this area". Ms Fulani, the statement added, "accepted this apology and appreciates that no malice was intended". A picture showing the pair smiling while sitting on chairs at Buckingham Palace was also released.