The migrant crisis which leads to people in small boats crossing the English Channel from France could largely be resolved if the UK joins other western powers in restoring the rule of law to a united Libyan government. Fadeel Lamen, a Presidential candidate when free and fair elections can take place, says the political chaos which has troubled his country since the fall of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi 12 years ago means it is impossible to stop human trafficking gangs.  Mr Lamen spoke to Express.co.uk ahead of meetings today in Washington DC where he was due to take the case for a resolution in Libya to the Biden administration and other senior officials. Currently Libya has two rival governments with United Nations (UN) brokered talks to sort out free and fair elections later in 2023. Mr Lamen is pitching himself as "a compromise candidate", but expects to be running against the leaders of the two Libyan governments. He said: "We cannot deal with these things until we have a single government. "This is not about illegal immigration, it is about human rights." He claimed human traffickers and criminals are behind those putting people in boats to cross the Mediterranean and are "taking advantage" of the lack of political stability. He added: "How can we create economic opportunity and stability [needed] until we have order restored?" READ MORE: Tom Tugendhat demands answers from Bank of England Governor The issues have seen Vladimir Putin's Wagner Group mercenaries operating in Libya and other African countries adding to the instability. But Mr Lamen said "with help from the EU, UK and USA we can resolve these problems". He said: "Of course, another part of the issue is that Africa is still the continent that lags behind in terms of economic growth and opportunity. "I believe, though, that with the right government Libya can be the gateway to a prosperous Africa not the escape route from this continent." The scale of the issue is immense and dwarfs the 45,000 people who ended up trying to cross the Channel to the UK. According to official figures, almost 680,000 migrants from more than 41 nationalities were identified by the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) in Libya in August 2022. Many made the dangerous journey to Italy and then crossed into Europe.  While around a third of the migrants to arrive on small boats in the UK have been identified as from Albania many have made their journey through Libya's ports as they seek a better standard of life. Thousands have been the victims of sweat shops, prostitution and modern-day slavery in major economies around Europe as well as the UK. But Mr Lamen warned political stability being restored is just the beginning of the process. He said: "Libya needs investment. This is where the EU, UK and USA come in." DON'T MISS:After Sturgeon's emotional exit what next for SNP and the Indy dream [INSIGHT]Ukrainian MP's appeal to boycott British luxury underwear company [REVEAL]