Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been accused of "hypocrisy" as a former Tory MP claims everyone is "fed up" with them. Louise Mensch, who was MP for Corby from 2010-2012 when she resigned to move to New York, told Piers Morgan on Sky News Australia that while the couple "sell a lot of books" they have "chucked away whatever credibility they had with both hands". The news panel were discussing the recent South Park episode entitled "Worldwide Privacy Tour", where the "Prince and Princess of Canada" are mocked for claiming they want privacy and seclusion while simultaneously drawing attention to themselves. The cover of the South Park prince's book Waaagh also bears a striking resemblance to Harry's autobiography Spare, which was released last month. Ms Mensch told Piers Morgan: "Now, they sell a lot of books because, let’s face it, we all like a bit of gossip, but they have chucked away whatever credibility they had with both hands." A spokesperson for the Sussexes yesterday shot down rumours that the couple were planning to sue over the parody. The spokesperson told People magazine: "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports." In the cartoon comedy show the prince and princess appear on TV chat show Good Morning Canada while holding signs saying "We want our privacy" and "Stop looking at us!" They also go on a tour to different locations around the world as part of their quest for privacy. In their interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021 Meghan addressed a question about whether her family should expect to lose privacy due to their royal status. READ MORE: Harry chose 'nastiest, dirtiest, cheapest' method to vent frustration She said: "I think everyone has a basic right to privacy. Basic. We're not talking about anything that anybody else wouldn't expect." The Duchess of Sussex explained: "If you're at work and you have a photograph of your child on your desk, and your co-worker says, 'Oh, my gosh, your kid's so cute. That's fantastic! "Can I see your phone so I can see all the pictures of your child?' You go, 'No. This is the picture I'm comfortable sharing with you. "And then if they double down and say, 'No, but you already showed me that one. So you have to show me everything. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle's political hopes 'completely destroyed' [LATEST]Prince Andrew could follow Harry and Meghan by moving to US [REVEAL]King Charles III hit by Coronation protests [SPOTLIGHT] "You know what, I'm just gonna hire someone to sit in front of your house, or hide in the bushes and take pictures into your backyard, because you've lost your right to privacy ... because you shared one image with me.'" After the release of their Netflix documentary series last December Harry and Meghan's global press secretary released a statement saying their "decision to step back mentions nothing of privacy and reiterates their desire to continue their roles and public duties. "Any suggestion otherwise speaks to a key point of this series. "They are choosing to share their story, on their terms, and yet the tabloid media has created an entirely untrue narrative that permeates press coverage and public opinion. The facts are right in front of them."