Strictly Come Dancing stars Janette Manrara, 39, and Aljaz Skorjanec, 33, have announced they are expecting their first child together. The married couple delighted fans when they shared that their "little miracle" is due in the summer. The Strictly It Takes Two presenter has since revealed she has more news to share as she and her beau are moving out of London. Taking to Instagram today, Janette shared a photo while on a train as she opened up about the "bittersweet" moment. She wrote: "Officially leaving London today... "What a bittersweet feeling. So many years of magical memories in a magical city. But a fresh start for a new and exciting chapter in our lives calls and we cannot wait..." READ MORE: Dan Walker reacts to Nicola Bulley's discovery after chat with partner The couple left their flat in London this week and relocated to Cheshire, where Strictly pro-dancer Gorka Marquez and his wife Gemma Atkinson – who Aljaž partnered in the 2017 series – live nearby and are expecting their second baby. "It will be so nice to have Uncle Gorka and Auntie Gemma nearby," Janette told HELLO! magazine. "Gemma and I share the same birthday so I can't wait to tell her that we'll be having a baby together too." Taking to her stories yesterday, the on-screen star addressed the couple's move. Janette began: "Hi everyone. Just wanted to come on and say thank you so much for all of your lovely messages on our pregnancy announcement.  "We are beyond excited and feel so grateful that we have a little miracle." She went on: "I have had a busy few days considering. It was Aljaz's birthday, we announced our amazing news with everyone and we were packing up the house and getting ready to move. "And it was Julien [MacDonald's] fashion show last night. Today, I had to be up super early and I spent the whole day working and just got back to my hotel room now. A couple of minutes ago really. "I'm slowly going through all of the messages but I just feel so overwhelmed with joy." DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz feels 'bruised' as ex Ben sends message on her birthday[LATEST]Helen Mirren looks unrecognisable as she dazzles in off-shoulder gown[PICTURES]Chris Packham brands own video 'unprofessional' amid reaction to doc[ADMISSION] She signed off: "More videos and pictures to come so watch this space. A tired Janette is now going to bed." The married couple discovered the dancer was pregnant in December just as they were about to start IVF treatment, and the baby is due in late summer. The professional dancers met in 2010 when performing in the live dance show Burn The Floor, and they tied the knot in 2017. Janette explained she quit the Strictly dancefloor two years ago so they could try for a baby. She recalled how she phoned her doctor before telling her husband the news, but afterwards, she showed Aljaz the positive pregnancy test and he cried. He said: “I was beside myself. I feel like I’ve been thinking and dreaming about that moment for so long. “We were preparing for IVF mentally and physically and then it was just a relief to finally have that positive test. “I have so much respect for any parent that goes through IVF, not just for what it puts them through physically but mentally too.”