As Liverpool gear up to host Real Madrid in the Champions League last 16 on Tuesday night, why not take a trip down memory lane to the last time Anfield witnessed this fixture with fans in attendance? It's a memory many a Liverpool fan will have opted to forget in the nine years since. After a three-year hiatus, the Reds returned to the Champions League in 2014 after finishing second in the Premier League under Brendan Rodgers. It's a competition in which the club have enjoyed success en masse throughout their history as six-time winners. But Liverpool found out the hard way that Europe's elite had left them behind upon their return in the 2014/15 season. The Reds were pitted against reigning champions Real Madrid in Group B, hosting Los Blancos at Anfield on matchday three. They had already edged past Ludogorets 2-1 on Merseyside - their only victory as they exited in the group stage - before losing the first of three successive games 1-0 at Basel. Their second defeat of the campaign came at the hands of Real and Cristiano Ronaldo, who made Anfield his playground in October 2014. JUST IN: Javi Gracia 'impressed Chelsea on two counts' before landing Leeds job  Carlo Ancelotti's were without the injured Gareth Bale, but the absence didn't show as Ronaldo opened the scoring on 23 minutes. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner started the move before James Rodriguez found him with a perfect chipped pass, and he fired an unstoppable half-volley past Simon Mignolet. Karim Benzema doubled the lead seven minutes later, heading Toni Kroos' looping cross past the Liverpool goalkeeper. The Reds' shambolic defending - a significant issue in Rodgers' final full season in charge - led to Pepe connecting with a corner and Mignolet failing to deal with the danger, helping Benzema poke home his second from close range. DON'T MISS Leeds 'contract offer' to Gracia speaks volumes about manager huntLiverpool fans set off early fireworks outside Real Madrid hotelPremier League to be shown on new TV channel after BT Sport buyout Ronaldo was at his very best on a comfortable night for the La Liga giants. So comfortable that Ancelotti withdrew him after 75 minutes ahead of the weekend's El Clasico against Barcelona. And in unbelievable scenes, Anfield applauded the former Manchester United star as he left the pitch after netting his 70th Champions League goal. He has since gone on to notch 140 strikes in the competition, an all-time record, and even the Kop acknowledging his greatness helped cement his status as arguably the world's best footballer at the time. It's safe to say Liverpool fans haven't applauded a rival player with United connections since, and there will be slight dread at the thought of Real repeating their rampage on Tuesday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here