Lionel Messi is reportedly uncertain of extending his contract with Paris Saint-Germain past this summer, with a move to the MLS said to be on the cards. According to French publication L’Équipe, a meeting took place between the Argentine forward’s father, Jorge, and the Ligue 1 leaders’ management, with no agreement being found. The PSG management had been hopeful last month that the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner would quickly sign on, with his option for a third year in the French capital being renegotiated in the wake of the club’s FFP-related difficulties. However, the former Barcelona star and his team have yet to accept the offer, with the option of moving to Inter Miami said to be of more intrigue. Jorge Messi met with sporting advisor Luís Campos in Paris, in a meeting that had been scheduled for over a month, which PSG indicate is only an intermediate stage in the negotiation process. Another is believed to be taking place in the coming days, in a different location. Despite a promising start to the talks, the two parties appear to be increasingly distant in their positions - and Messi's team are now said to be exploring other options. The World Cup winner is said to be tempted by a move to Miami, with his family willing to relocate to Florida. David Beckham, the owner of Inter Miami, has wanted to bring Messi to the MLS ever since he founded the club five years ago. Messi's arrival in the US would be the biggest deal since Beckham moved from Real Madrid to LA Galaxy in 2012. And it would be a massive boon to the Latin American community in the Magic City, who would have 'one of their own' to revere. Not long ago, before the World Cup in Qatar, Messi himself had said in an interview that he is planning on living in the USA so he could easily move to Miami. Messi had begun to build a property empire in Miami - with belief around him that he wanted to finish his career in the MLS. A year before Inter Miami's debut campaign, he splashed around £5.5m ($6.6m) on a stunning apartment on Sunny Isles Beach. It boasted access to six swimming pools, a luxury spa, a fully-equipped gym, and a yoga studio. Two years later, he added to his incredible property portfolio by snapping up the entire 9th floor of the Regalia building - a structure designed by renowned architect Charles Allem. Called the “mansion in the sky in the most unique building in South Florida,” the six bedroom abode cost him around £9m ($10.8m). Reports claimed he sold the Sunny Isles penthouse for a whopping profit of around £17million ($20m).