Graham Potter has revealed that angry Chelsea fans have been writing to him wishing he and his family would die. The club have offered him their full support in dealing with the matter but are reluctant to say whether or not the police are currently involved. In the meantime, as preparations continue for the trip to Tottenham that could be Chelsea’s last chance of staying in the hunt for a Champions League place after their recent form, Potter is determined to put a brave face on things. “I think you need to be very careful,” the Chelsea manager said. “The world is tough for everybody. We’re going through an energy crisis, a cost of living crisis. People are striking every other week. Things are difficult so nobody wants to hear about the poor old Premier league manager. “Nevertheless if you ask me a question about ‘is it hard, is it tough, is it nice to hear’, as much as I’ve had support, I’ve had some not particularly nice emails come through that want me to die and want my kids to die. So that’s obviously not pleasant to receive.” Chelsea have won just one of their last 10 matches despite the club’s owners investing over £250m in the January transfer market. Potter insists the owners remain supportive and even tried to diffuse the speculation surrounding his future with an opening joke after arriving a couple of minutes after the allotted time for his press conference. MUST READ: Chelsea boss Potter lifts lid on 'crisis talks' and aims Tuchel dig “Sorry I am late,” he said. “I was just caught up in a crisis meeting! Look, we are all grown-ups and know the situation and the challenges we have. You are going to get criticism and it is rightly and absolutely understandable. “But if I can come in here and be a normal human being then in six months’ time or six years’ time I can look back and say, I actually I performed my role well there under really difficult circumstances and I can be proud of that.” The injury headache is easing at least, with Cesar Azpilicueta ruled out by the concussion protocol. But along with long-term absentees N’Golo Kante and Christian Pulisic, he could be back in full training next week. But it is small consolation for Potter. DON'T MISS...Chelsea can raise £160m for Potter with five players who can be soldRio Ferdinand singles out five Man Utd players after Barcelona victoryArsenal star Saliba hints he will follow Saka by signing new contract “You asked me ‘is it hard?’ and I say, ‘Yes it is. You suffer’. You get upset when you are in private and you show real emotion with your family. My job is to act how I think I should act, with the integrity that is right for me. “I never want to be anybody else. I don’t want to be fake. I will be me and I will do my best and if my best isn’t good enough OK, I accept that. But you know there’s a problem when the email that has been sent is from Potterb******d@gmail.com.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper