Manchester United can face one of seven teams in the second knock-out stage of the Europa League following their 2-1 (4-3 on aggregate) victory over Barcelona on Thursday evening. The draw will take place on Friday morning (February 24) at midday by UEFA at their headquarters in Switzerland. Following United's qualification to the next round, they will be an unseeded team and will face one of the competition's group winners - though they would avoid Arsenal as the only restriction at this stage is national associations, meaning two English teams cannot face each other. As the Red Devils did not qualify as group winners, they will play the first game of their last 16 tie at home and will need to finish the job away from Old Trafford in order to reach the quarter-finals. United will avoid Juventus, Sporting Lisbon, Union Berlin, Bayer Leverkusen, Sevilla, Roma and Shakhtar Donetsk as the play-off winners are grouped together as unseeded teams for Friday's draw. Erik ten Hag's outfit can face one of Union Saint-Gilloise, SC Freiburg, Ferencvaros, Feyenoord, Real Betis, Real Sociedad or Fenerbahce in the next round. The first legs of the last 16 will be played on March 9, and the second legs will be played on March 16, a week later. The quarter-finals will take place on April 13 and 20, semi-finals on May 11 and 18 with the final on May 31, when United will hope to still be in the competition. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Ten Hag gave his verdict on his preferred opponents in the next round after the enthralling victory over Barcelona. "It doesn't matter for me," he told BT Sport. "I focus on Newcastle United. If you are well prepared, we can do it. "I’m only focused on Newcastle United, it doesn’t interest me who we play against [in the next round of the Europa League]." Though he joked with Robin van Persie that if United do draw Feyenoord next then he will have to ask the ex-United star for help, as the BT Sport pundit currently works as a coach for the Eredivisie side. He said: "If we draw Feyenoord, I know who to go to for all the information!" 