Elvis Presley's abandoned childhood home has been sold for just £35,000 as its new owner revealed what he intends to do with the property. The bungalow, located in east Tupelo in Mississippi, was Elvis' boyhood home during part of World War Two.  The new owner has taken the structure to pieces and plans to re-assemble it in a new location. Rockhurst Auctions owner Jeffrey Marren told The Sun Online: "The owner plans on putting the house back together, dressing it in 1930s furniture and houseware and then adding other Elvis collectable items." Mr Marren also suggested a production company may be planning to make a documentary on the rebuilding of Elvis' former home. There has reportedly been interest in the house for sometime and reassembling the property has been described as a "long-term project for the winter". It was originally listed for just £25,000. The three-bedroom house was built by The King's great-uncle Noah Presley and the rockstar lived there from 1943 to 1944. The property at 1241 Kelly Street is also around 350 yards away from Elvis' birthplace at 605 Kelly Street. Mr Marren explained that the man who initially bought the land was planning on tearing the property down. However, when collectors concluded it was the childhood home of the King of Rock and Roll, a deal was reached to purchase the home and move it from the original site. Mr Marren added: "The childhood home isn’t necessarily a historical landmark and could be sold because the birth home is already quite a big tourist attraction in Tupelo. "There's a museum next to it and it gets thousands of visitors a year." DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] After a brief period for Elvis in the Magnolia State, the Presleys moved to Memphis, Tennessee in November 1948. The superstar would eventually settle for his Memphis mansion Graceland in March 1957, some 100 miles away from 1241 Kelly Street. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews