Luba Mushtuk is among the well-known faces of Strictly Come Dancing, having been a professional on the show since 2018. The dance champion is very much part of the BBC series family, and while speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Luba described how she "couldn't be prouder" of her former co-star Anton Du Beke, who swapped roles to become a judge in 2021. Anton, 56, is a Strictly Come Dancing stalwart and has starred in every series since it launched on the BBC in 2004. He appeared in the show every year since, and after judge Bruno Tonioli left the programme, Anton soon stepped in as judge. He's remained on the judging panel ever since, providing a nice balance from Craig Revel Horwood's stern critiques by putting a positive spin on all of his feedback. Describing how delighted she was when her fellow professional became a judge, Luba told Express.co.uk she was "proud". READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall "I love them all," the 33-year-old remarked when asked about the judges. She continued: "Of course, I love them all, I mean, Anton, because he was a part of us and I was so happy when he finally got the job, because he secretly wanted it for so long. "When he got it, I was like the proudest of him." The Russian choreographer didn't take long to praise the rest of the panel. "But I mean, I love Craig [Revel Horwood], I love Shirley [Ballas], I love Motsi [Mabuse], I love all of them." Luba went on to describe Anton as "the most lovely" person she has met. Talking about whether the "nice guy" judge had a different side to him, she explained he was completely genuine. "He's the most lovely and gentlemanly person I ever met," she stated. "He is just like that, always." Fans are hoping Luba will take a more front-row position in this year's live shows. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Zack Hudson and Whitney Dean united in baby tragedy [SPOILER]ITV classic You've Been Framed 'axed' after more than three decades [LATEST]DIY SOS viewers in tears minutes into 'heartbreaking' episode [REACTION] While she was partnered with athlete James Cracknell in 2019, she didn't have a very long experience as they found themselves booted off in the first week. The following year, she competed in the show with Jason Bell. While Luba enjoys performing as a group dancer, it's clear she's hoping to be taking to the dance floor with a partner this year. "I would love to be partnered," she enthused when talking about her hopes for the next series. "I'd love to. So, everything crossed that next year will be my year. "And we're going to make the final. I'm putting it out there into the universe." Describing her closeness with her fellow dancers, Luba commented: "I do love all of them. "I am just always really surprised how people don't want to believe that. "But it's true, because we truly are a family - when we say we are Strictly family, we are."