Pedro Pascal took on hosting duties for Saturday Night Live this week and starred in an array of sketches following his success as Joel in the smash-hit video game adaptation, The Last of Us. Viewers flocked to Twitter in droves when the TV and film star took on the role of Mario in a fake trailer which reimagined the iconic Nintendo games as a gritty HBO drama. Pascal had fans in stitches as he took on another famous video game franchise in Saturday’s edition of SNL. His role in the first three episodes of The Last of Us has helped score another major success for HBO, and viewers were thrilled for the chance to see him show off his presenting chops. The programme's highlight was undoubtedly the show’s Mario Kart-themed sketch, which reimagined the popular racing game as another dark dystopian drama. After the episode, @LozzimusPrime tweeted: “Caught up on Pedro on SNL... pmsl!” READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future “So proud of him, had me in stitches. And teacher Pedro was [love heart and fire emojis]. “The man knew what he was doing, calling out the fandom. Also TLOU MARIO OMFG.” (sic) @valerielyn77 said: “This episode had me in tears. I haven't laughed this hard and consistently through an episode of SNL in a long time. “Pedro killed it. The Mario Kart skit had me rolling.” @heyojanna exclaimed: “OMG the Mario skit on SNL is amazing. I’m crying.” Ryan Lavender joked: “The Pedro Pascal #SNL Mario bit is going to be better than the actual Mario movie.” @_bpeel wrote: “Whoever wrote this should be proud this is funny as f**k.” And @TheMonsterNoah said: “Need a series order immediately from HBO. Throw him the bag. This was more incredible than it should’ve been.” DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU delayed by schedule shake-up [LATEST]Lockwood and Co star recalls ‘challenging’ first week of filming [EXCLUSIVE]The Last of Us’ Pedro Pascal admits he ‘forgot’ he was cast as Joel [INTERVIEW] This was not the only comment from a viewer hoping the skit could eventually be developed into a full series. In addition to Pascal’s Mario, several other recognisable characters from the franchise popped up to support the plumber’s quest. Regular cast member Chloe Fineman portrayed Princess Peach, while SNL mainstay Kenan Thompson portrayed Mario’s nemesis, Bowser. Plus, Bowen Yang portrayed Mario’s faithful sidekick Yoshi, here portrayed wearing headphones and large shades and proudly announcing he’s bisexual. In the fake trailer, a number of iconic moments from the Mario Kart games were reinvented for the gritty post-apocalyptic setting. At one point Peach asks Mario what happens if they crash their carts. “A little guy in a cloud comes and uses a fishing pole to put you back on the road,” he replies seriously. A number of Mario’s other catchphrases were also uttered in surprisingly dramatic fashion, including “Let’s a-go!” as Pascal floored his go-cart. SNL’s off-the-wall sketch arrives ahead of Nintendo and Illumination’s highly anticipated Super Mario Bros Movie, which stars Chris Pratt as the platforming plumber. Another episode of The Last of Us will also be arriving on Sunday night following the huge acclaim of last week’s outing, Long, Long Time. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.