A man who owns the world's tallest cat and another feline with the longest tail spends £400 a month on pet food. Physician, Dr William Powers, from Farmington Hills, Michigan, US, has six cats, including world's tallest Fenrir Antares Powers. The Savannah cat measures 10.83 inches (47.8cm) and weighs in at 36lbs (16.3kg). But maintaining his size means Fenrir has an impressive appetite. Dr Powers described him as "exceptionally friendly and outgoing", but said he is also "always hungry". The 38-year-old has a second world record holding cat named Altair Cygnus Powers, a silver maine coon. Altair has the longest tail on a living cat at 40.83cm. Both record breaking cats have four siblings, which means Dr Powers forks out a lot of money to take care of his feline friends each month. He said: "Fenrir has a custom diet made out of mostly raw meat, primarily chicken but sometimes other animals. "[The cats] also get a special blend of supplements that I devised to try and make my cats as healthy as possible which includes feline essential amino acids, long chain fatty acids, porcine bone meal, and other additives like nutritional yeast for flavour. "And occasionally I will use some regular, domestic, wet cat food as a topper or mixed into their raw diet to improve the flavour as well." READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN BEING BRANDED A LAUGHING STOCK Dr Powers, who lives alone, has a home designed with his cats in mind with an outdoor enclosure, master bedroom as well as scratching posts and wall mounts "for their enrichment". Fenrir, who has almost 9,000 Instagram followers, often goes to work with his owner, where he is petted by patients at the HIV and Family Practice Clinic. Dr Powers said: "He goes wandering room to room receiving treats and cuddles from patients." He added: "He really is a godsend when I have to give patients bad news or when they are stressed out for other reasons." DON'T MISS: Manchester-based firm tells staff to move to Romania or lose jobs [REVEALED] Sturgeon's 'cult of personality' and independence 'obsession' savaged [OPINION] Serial killer fanatic found guilty of murdering boyfriend [REPORT] Despite his size, Fenrir is a bit of a scaredy cat. Dr Powers said: "If he doesn't know an animal - a foreign dog or cat - he's a scaredy-cat, he will hide. "He is super intimidated by other animals that he is unfamiliar with. In his own mind, Fenrir thinks he's a tiny cat." Dr Powers, a former president at a local cat shelter, also takes his record holder to fundraising events. People are often shocked when they meet Fenrir for the first time as Dr Powers explained: "I mean anybody who meets him for the first time is just shocked at the sheer magnitude of him.People are even sometimes scared at first. "But then, people generally expect him to behave like the cats they see on TikTok which are sometimes poorly behaved, have terrible food aggression and they're generally just unpleasant. "It's not their fault. They're just raised badly by somebody who doesn't understand what these cats actually need to be happy and thrive." He added Savannah cats are not for the inexperienced or those just looking for a wild-looking pet.