Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag proved he demands the highest standards by reportedly ‘raging’ at Red Devils star Fred during his side’s 2-2 draw with Leeds. United were forced to come from behind at 2-0 down at Old Trafford, and Ten Hag took umbrage at carelessness by the Brazilian in the second half. Fred was one of a few United stars who underperformed in the draw, which further dents the club’s Premier League title hopes. The 29-year-old was a rare starter in the game, owing to Christian Eriksen’s injury and Casemiro’s ban. In a single second-half minute, Fred conceded a free kick, misplaced a pass and conceded possession. Ten Hag was outraged at the carelessness of the star. The Dutchman apparently tossed his chewing gum to the floor in dismay at the scene. United had conceded early in both halves to go 2-0 down and the head coach was unimpressed by the individual errors. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag let down by four players in Leeds draw Ten Hag’s reaction, as reported by MEN, shows the high standards he wants United to set. Under the former Ajax boss, there is no room for frequent individual mishaps or for players who are not giving their all. The Old Trafford outfit were fortunate to come back to draw the game. Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho scored in the second half. The latter’s strike was his first since returning from an individual training programme designed to boost his confidence. But Ten Hag remained unimpressed by his stars’ performance and slammed them for being ‘not ready’ at the start of each half. The 53-year-old revealed that he told his players to be ready for the beginning of the second half, only for Raphael Varane’s own goal to give Leeds a 2-0 lead inside 60 seconds. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag gives Sancho reality check after Leeds cameoMan Utd given £177m incentive to chase double summer transferMan Utd's transfer flaw exposed in Leeds draw after going two down "Definitely it was true that each half we are not ready.,” Ten Hag said. “I start my talk at half-time with 'hey guys we are not ready, make sure you are ready' and then we go out [and concede again] and that is the point. I am disappointed we lost all the battles in the first minutes of each half. "You can say we won a point because when you are in a derby and come back from 2-0 down it is good. But on the other hand when you start a derby like we did it's unacceptable. You have to be ready to fight and we weren't ready for the battle." United, who are now seven points behind Arsenal and have played twice more, have an immediate opportunity to overcome their setback on Wednesday night. They travel to Leeds to face the Whites once again in the Premier League, with a rare top-flight double header prompted by a postponement in September.