Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez raged at colleagues over the expulsion of fellow Democrat Ilhan Omar from the Foreign Affairs Committee. The Republican-led House voted 218 to 211 to remove the Minnesota Representative from the panel over past controversial comments about Israel. Ocasio-Cortez accused the GOP of perpetuating a legacy of 9/11 by "targeting women of colour" with their ouster of Omar. In a furious contribution to the debate, AOC said: "As also a fellow New Yorker, I think one of the things we should talk about here is also one of the disgusting legacies after 9/11 has been the targeting and racism against Muslim Americans throughout the United States of America. "And this is an extension of that legacy. Consistency? There is nothing consistent with the Republican Party's continued attack except for the racism and incitement of violence against women of colour in this body." She criticised the Republicans for handing out senior positions to representatives with questionable pasts, including one whom she claims threatened to kill her. Rep Paul Gosar in 2021 shared a video he made depicting him killing the New York native. He secured a seat on the Natural Resources Committee last month. JUST IN: Massachusetts bill would let prisoners donate organs in exchange for shorter sentence  She continued: "I had a member of the Republican caucus threaten my life and you all and the Republican caucus rewarded him with one of the most prestigious committee assignments in this Congress. Don't tell me this is about consistency. "Don't tell me that this is about a condemnation of anti-Semitic remarks when you gave a member of the Republican caucus [Marjorie Taylor Greene] who has talked about Jewish space lasers and an entire amount of tropes, and also elevated her to some of the highest committee assignments in this body. "This is about targeting women of colour in the United States of America. Don't tell me because I didn't get a single apology when my life was threatened." Ocasio-Cortez then proceeded to walk away from the lectern after being informed her time had expired but not before having slammed her notes on the podium. READ MORE: Driver mowed down two children on bikes killing them AOC's reaction to Omar's expulsion drew some ridicule from the public, with some comparing her performance to a "temper tantrum." The Real Mac Report commented on Twitter: "Omg AOC just threw a temper tantrum on the House Floor, slamming her notebook on the podium as she finished speaking. "This is about targeting women of colour in the United States of America." Virginia House of Delegates member Nick Freitas said: "You really have to admire @AOC's ability to display such great courage in situations that don't require it." Non-partisan organization Stop Antisemitism said: "OR it's about removing a vile antisemite hell-bent on vilifying Israel at every turn from the House Foreign Affairs Committee." DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'should be mirroring' Zara Tindall [REVEAL]Bed blocking at record levels as 14,000 fine to be discharged [UPDATE]Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as he prepares to pick off 2024 rivals [INSIGHT] Speaker Kevin McCarthy denied the Republican decision to oust Omar was a tit-for-tat after the Marjorie Taylor Greene and Gosar removals under Democrats, though he had warned in late 2021 that such a response might be expected if Republicans won back the House majority. “This is nothing like the last Congress," he said Thursday. He noted that Omar can remain on other panels, just not Foreign Affairs, after her anti-Israel comments. Ilhan Omar, who has apologized for 2019 remarks widely seen as antisemitic, defended herself on the House floor, asking if anyone was surprised she was being targeted. Democratic colleagues hugged her during the vote. She said in her closing speech: “My voice will get louder and stronger, and my leadership will be celebrated around the world, as it has been." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'should be mirroring' Zara Tindall [REVEAL]Bed blocking at record levels as 14,000 fine to be discharged [UPDATE]Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as he prepares to pick off 2024 rivals [INSIGHT]