Princess Kate and Prince William are in south Wales for three engagements, starting with the Brynawel Rehabilitation Centre, near Pontyclun. The couple will meet with local communities to learn more about mental health initiatives in the region. For the occasion, Kate paid tribute to Wales with an outfit that could have been inspired by Welsh national dress. The Princess donned a mid-length black and white houndstooth print skirt, not dissimilar to those traditionally worn by Welsh women. These gingham skirts are still worn today for Welsh folk dancing performances. Kate's skirt was the Black and White Houndstooth Midi Skirt from high street favourite Zara. It is no longer available to buy new from Zara as it belonged to a previous season's collection, but it can be found second-hand on various webistes. On Resell Zara, where cutsomers sell clothing they no longer wear, it is on offer for £5.99. The royal combined this with a long, cream-coloured coat, thought to be a bespoke Alexander McQueen design, and a white turtleneck top. The Princess also had a daffodil, Wales' national flower, pinned to her left lapel. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' Kate paid tribute to Wales and its people with the daffodil, which complemented the colour of her coat. Wales celebrates its national saint David, or Dewi in Welsh, on March 1 every year. To complete her outfit, Kate wore her trusty, knee-high black suede boots and carried a black leather bag. This was the Small Amberley Croc-Effect Crossbody Bag from Mulberry, costing £675. She also wore a pair of black gloves. As for jewellery, the Princess donned a pair of dangling earrings. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT]  Royal fans were quick to comment on Kate's outfit, with many praising her look. Twitter user @IpsiRoyals simply wrote: "Love this outfit." Judith Ince said: "I love that they are wearing daffodils on their lapels." Instagram user @wilbursmithmy wrote: "Love love the skirt." READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Kate and William are in Wales today to help launch a series of therapy gardens and allotments. This forms part of an initiative to provide mental health support for communities across south Wales. The Brynawel Rehabilitation Centre, near Pontyclun, is where the first garden will be built. They will be shown plans for the garden, which will include a collection of allotments, a communal sensory and herbal garden, a mud kitchen, and an interactive learning space. The Waleses' will then visit the Aberavon Leisure and Gitness Centre to meet those living locally and hear about how sport and exercise can support mental health and wellbeing. Additionally, the couple's third and final visit will be to meet emergency responders at the Wales Air Ambilance's headquarters. Amanda Berry, chief executive of The Royal Foundation, commented on the couple's engagements in Wales today. She said: "Their Royal Highnesses are passionate about creating a lasting impact in the communities they visit, playing an instrumental role in bringing together local stakeholders to amplify the work of organisations, and ensure support reaches those who need it most. "Their Royal Highnesses continue to prioritise our society's mental health and spending time in nature is known to have a range of benefits, including reducing depression and anxiety." 