Fans of Call the Midwife will sadly not be getting their fix from Poplar this week. The season 12 finale is not going to be on this evening (February 19) with an extra-long wait for viewers. Here’s why the BBC show won’t be on this week and what else will be filling its place on TV. The BAFTA Film Awards will be airing this evening on BBC One from 7pm to 9pm, filling the slot where Call the Midwife would usually air. This year’s ceremony will see films All Quiet on the West Front, The Banshees of Inisherin, Elvis, Everything Everywhere All at Once and Tár going up against each other for the top accolade. Also in the running for gongs are The Swimmers, The Wonder, See How They Run, Roald Dahl’s Matilda the Musical, Living, Good Luck to You, Leo Grande, Empire of Light, Brian and Charles, Aftersun and The Banshees of Inisherin in the category of Outstanding British Film. Among some of the stars up for Best Actress are Cate Blanchett, Ana de Armas, Emma Thompson, Michelle Yeoh and Viola Davis, among others. READ MORE: Endeavour's Shaun Evans lands new role as Morse series comes to an end In the Best Actor category are Austin Butler, Colin Farrell, Brendan Fraser, Billy Nighy and Paul Mescal, among others. According to odds, The Banshees of Inisherin is in the line to win the big prize with 4/11 from bet365 and 2/5 from William Hill. In second place is Everything Everywhere All at Once with 3/1 from Skybet and 7/4 from Unibet. All Quiet on the Western Front is in third place with 2/1 from Coral and 5/2 from Betfred.  Instead, the Call the Midwife finale will be hitting screens on Sunday, February 26 on BBC One at 8pm. The BBC has shared a summary for the forthcoming outing, which reads: “Nonnatus House is abuzz with excitement as the countdown to Trixie (played by Helen George) and Matthew’s (Olly Rix) wedding begins. “Whilst Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) has appointed herself in charge of organising the wedding gifts, Trixie’s brother, Geoffrey Franklin, arrives from Malta and immediately starts arranging the perfect hen do. “However, the approaching nuptials cause stress levels to escalate as a catalogue of small and great disasters threaten to spoil the day. “Dr Turner (Stephen McGann), Shelagh (Laura Main) and Timothy (Max Macmillan) are first on the scene of a fatal car crash. Dr Turner experiences the biggest test of his career as they race against time to save a precious life. “Meanwhile, Nancy (Megan Cusack) considers her future, and Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) hatches a plan to save Nonnatus House once and for all.” One the episode airs, fans can rest easy knowing the BBC has renewed Call the Midwife for a further two series. The show will be continuing with plenty more drama to come from Nonatus House. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [INSIGHT]Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set [PICUTRES]BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness [UPDATES] Speaking about the show, actress Main said: “It’s just been announced and we are so excited.” Main, who is going on tour with a production of Steel Magnolias, went on to say on ITV’s Lorraine: “When I finish this tour we go into series 13 and we’d known about that for a while and it’s been lovely having that knowledge. “But as we got closer to that, I thought, ‘Oh gosh, what’s going to happen?’ We just found out series 14, series 15, which means it’s going to be on television until 2026, it means that we go into the 70s. “You know, when we started the show it was 1957 and I think that’s one of the things that keeps it fresh because every series you move forward a year in time. “The fashions change and society changes and you know I think that’s what keeps it fresh.” Call the Midwife airs on BBC One on Sundays at 8pm