There is nothing better than getting out of the shower to a fluffy towel which has been dried properly, especially when it is cold outside. However, over time towels can lose their softness due to the residues from detergents and body oils which build up in the fabric. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, told Express.co.uk: “To ensure that your towels are soft and absorbent when you get out of the shower or bath, you must ensure that you are washing them correctly. “When starting a towel wash, it is important to not overload the machine so that each towel is rinsed properly. “For the average size washing machine, a load of seven bath towels is about the maximum you should wash at any one time. For hygiene reasons, make sure to use hot water and a normal washing cycle to get rid of any germs.” While some machines may have a quick wash option, it is best to avoid this when washing towels and bedding. When washing towels, try to avoid using too much detergent in the machine. Deyan said: “One common mistake is using too much detergent in towel washes. READ MORE: Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now “Try and use a little less detergent than normal, as when towels are overloaded with detergent, they become stiff and scratchy due to built up soapy residue.” Instead, the expert recommended using white vinegar as well as bicarbonate of soda when washing towels to help them become soft. Deyan explained: “Both common household ingredients can be used separately as ways to transform rough towels to soft ones. “Simply add 250ml of white vinegar to the washing machine drum alongside the liquid detergent you normally use, and dry as normal. DON'T MISS:Three mistakes to avoid making with your dehumidifier [COMMENT]‘Quick and easy’ method to achieve ‘streak-free’ windows [EXPLAINER]Laundry expert shares six garments to never put in the washing machine [INSIGHT] “The vinegar gets rid of detergent build up, making the towels as fluffy as the day you bought them. “You can also use bicarbonate of soda to make your towels soft and fluffy. Mix eight tablespoons of bicarbonate of soda with your laundry detergent before putting it in the washing machine to help loosen up the towel fibres and get rid of any dirt, keeping your towels as good as new.” Drying towels during the winter months can be extremely hard, especially if trying to dry large bath sheets regularly, and according to the expert, you should be washing them after three uses, to get rid of bacteria. Deyan noted: “In some cases, towels should be washed after every use - for example, if you’ve used one at the gym to mop up sweat, or if you have sensitive skin. You should also make sure to let your towel dry fully after every use to prevent germs. READ MORE: ‘Tell-tale signs’ you have Japanese knotweed in your garden “If you have a tumble dryer, the best setting is the regular one that you use for other long lasting fabrics. “This will use the highest heat and be most effective, as well as maximising fluffiness. However, be careful to avoid over-drying your towels, as this can ruin the quality of the cotton fibres.” Jessica Hanley, founder of Piglet in Bed, recommended investing in high quality towels to begin with to avoid towels going rough. The expert said: “Opting for cotton terry towels made from high quality materials such as cotton poly blend or zero twist cotton, gives you the best start for long-term freshness and softness. “Zero twist means that the yarn didn’t have to be twisted in the production process, which is only possible with high quality cotton fibres, making towels feel luxurious.” Britons should also make sure they keep their clothes and towels separate when washing as it can transfer a lot of bacteria between each item in the washing cycle. This also goes for bedding, although this may not be possible, especially with rising energy bills. When it comes to storing towels, the expert recommended folding them. The expert explained: “Begin by holding the short end of the towel at chest heigh, and then fold each edge across to meet the opposite side fold to achieve neatly overlapping thirds. “Fold up the bottom third of the towel, then fold the top third down, and store with the outer folded edge of the towel facing out to make it easy to grab your towels off the shelf - and to keep your closet looking great.”