The first - and to date only - female Speaker of the House of Commons, Betty Boothroyd, has died. Sir Lindsay Hoyle announced the 93-year-old's death today, describing her as an "inspirational politician, and someone I was proud to call my friend." Baroness Boothroyd served as Speaker from 1992 to 2000, and was also the MP for West Bromwich and West Bromwich West from 1973 to 2000. Sir Lindsay added: "Betty was one of a kind. A sharp, witty and formidable woman - and I will miss her." Her death leaves John Bercow as the only living former Speaker of the House of Commons. Sir Lindsay Hoyle's full statement read: "Not only was Betty Boothroyd an inspiring woman, but she was also an inspirational politician, and someone I was proud to call my friend. "To be the first woman Speaker was truly ground-breaking and Betty certainly broke that glass ceiling with panache. "She was from Yorkshire, and I am from Lancashire – so there was always that friendly rivalry between us. But from my point of view, it was heartening to hear a Northern voice speaking from the Chair. "She stuck by the rules, had a no-nonsense style, but any reprimands she did issue were done with good humour and charm.'Betty was one of a kind. A sharp, witty and formidable woman – and I will miss her." In another tribute to Baroness Boothroyd, Gyles Brandreth said she was "a lovely lady, intelligent, passionate and kind. As Speaker, she helped new members find their feet (I’ll never forget her kindness to me in the chamber on a very tough day) and kept older hands under control. She made history & made friends across public life." There will be a one-minute silence held in Parliament on Monday, and MPs will get the chance to pay formal tributes on Tuesday. Former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair said she managed the role of Speaker with "with great authority, warmth and wit". "It was a privilege to be in Parliament during her tenure and to know her as the big-hearted and kind person she was." Clare Short, a Labour minister from 1997 to 2003, told 5 Live that Baroness Boothroyd "suited being Speaker perfectly, her personality shone through, she had a natural authority. She was the one who dropped the wig because she had her own lovely thick grey curling hair." Baroness Boothroyd, who had been born into a working-class family in Dewsbury in 1929, was introduced to politics early on in life due to her mother's membership of the women's section of the Labour Party. She was taken to rallies, witnessing speeches from giants of the Labour Party such as Clement Attlee and Nye Bevan. For a time Baroness Boothroyd had dreams of being a dancer, working as part of the Tiller Girls dancing troupe - during which she appeared at the London Palladium. However, this was cut short by a foot infection when she was aged 25. After getting a job as a secretary to two Labour MPs - Barbara Castle and Geoffrey de Freitas - and moving to London in the early 1950s, Baroness Boothroyd went on to stand twice to become an MP but was unable to beat out the Conservative competition on both occasions. READ MORE: Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight [REVEAL] Following a brief time in the US, during which she worked on John F Kennedy's presidential campaign, 1973 saw Baroness Boothroyd achieve success in her drive to become an MP on her fifth attempt, securing the seat of West Bromwich for the Labour Party with a majority of more than 8,000 votes. She became one of just 27 female MPs in the House of Commons at the time. She then moved through a series of roles, becoming assistant government whip, then a member of the European Parliament in 1975, followed by an appointment to both the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Speaker's Panel of Chairmen in 1979. But it wasn't until 1987 that she got close to her most famous role, as she was appointed deputy Speaker of the Commons. She held this position until 1992 when Bernard "Jack" Weatherill stepped down, and she won the position by 372 votes to 238 - an overwhelming level of support from both sides of the house. DON'T MISS: Lindsay Hoyle swipes at Matt Hancock over I'm a Celebrity appearance [REVEAL]'In depth report' on Tory 'bullying' allegations expected on Monday [INSIGHT]Speaker Hoyle rages at MPs banging seats as Sunak stands up [ANALYSIS] After becoming the first female Speaker in all 700 years of the House of Commons, she said in her acceptance speech: "Elect me for what I am, and not for what I was born." Baroness Boothroyd also modernised the role in ways other than just being the first woman to take it up - refusing to wear the traditional wig, and ending Prime Minister's Questions every week with the phrase that she became known for: "Time's up!" Her no-nonsense style became well known across the country as PMQ's became an increasingly popular television event. During her time, she took Nelson Mandela's hand as they entered Westminster Hall together in 1996, and presided over the collapse of John Major's government and Tony Blair's landslide victory in 1997. She was given an Order of Merit by Queen Elizabeth II in 2005. Recently, commenting on the Partygate scandal, she said: "The Prime Minster is there to answer questions about what the Government is doing, why it is not doing it. I don't say Prime Ministers have got the answer to every question. Of course, they haven't. But they've got to have a stab at it and make an attempt it is not [happening] these days." Baroness Boothroyd, in her farewell speech for the role of Speaker, warned that Prime Ministers "can easily be toppled" and that parliament "is the chief forum of the nation - today, tomorrow and, I hope, forever."