Meghan and Tina are stars of the hit TLC show 1000lb Best Friends and the pair usually spend their time roasting and teasing each other in most ways only true best friends can. The duo have recently revealed the food they avoided to help them knock off the pounds. Speaking on the IHollywoodTV podcast with host Noah Wilson, 1000lb stars Meghan and Tina talked about the foods they have struggled with the most on their weight loss journey. Wilson asked the pair what food they craved the most during the period they were both trying to lose the pounds. Meghan hilariously answered: “Hmm, I like food. My go-to food is savoury foods. Like, of course, I like sweets but it's not my trigger food.” The TV personality continued: “I'd have to say it's things like potatoes. You know, I love a good french fry or potato salad. As most know these days, I'll take a potato any way you can give it to me!” READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Amy Slaton confirms death Host Wilson agreed, saying: “I love french fries, they're my favourite thing. They call them cancer sticks and I'm like really? “Tina, how about for you?” he continued to which Tina responded: “My trigger food right now is cereal, but the thing I have the most trouble staying away from is chocolate and sushi.” The pair were then asked what foods both of them had completely wiped out in order to make a change in their weight loss journeys. Meghan replied: “Potatoes, but I'm trying really hard just to cut my carbs down. So anything carb-y or starch-y, you know, even though it's a good vegetable, I try to stay towards greens.” Pal Tina agreed, she added: “We’re just trying to go really low carb, so any of the bad carbs we've cut out unless it's a really small, small portion.” The host then asked the pair to summarise their gruelling weight loss journey, which has been documented on the hit TLC show. Meghan had recently undergone bariatric surgery to aid her weight loss after she almost reached a life-threatening 500lbs. Despite having great results post-op by losing almost 200lbs, it had been an uphill battle for the reality star to stay on track. DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan ‘doesn’t blame’ Dr Proctor for fiery row My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight lossMILF Manor fans blast ‘sick’ mother and son double date The reality show follows the journeys of four overweight friends, who are each battling to lose weight to change their lives for the better. Stars Meghan and Tina are so close that they actually live together, with Meghan in the basement apartment of the home where Tina lives with her family. Unfortunately, the TV personality's home got flooded which meant they had to temporarily move into a hotel. Tina spoke about how the effects of the flood and other factors made her mind “spiral out of control”. Despite being trolled online, the TLC personality has kept a positive attitude, sharing inspirational quotes and messages via Instagram with her followers. Both ladies are on the road to losing weight and making life-saving changes to change their lives for the better. 1000lb Best Friends continues on TLC in the USA on Wednesday. A UK release date is yet to be announced.