Zara Tindall, 41, and Mike Tindall, 44, were interviewed on William Hill's series, The Inside Track, where they showed the inside of their home Aston Farm for the very first time. The couple's home is on Princess Anne's vast estate, Gatcome Park. Zara and Mike sat in their dining room in their house, where their walls appeared to be made of oak and decorated with beautiful paintings. Behind the couple, their white dining table could be seen, which featured three blue candles on top in glass candle holders. On the ceiling, two gold lamps could be seen, which tied in with the oak aesthetic of the entire room. Zara and Mike sat on two black comfortable chairs for their interview. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school  The rest of the furniture in the room was an earthy brown colour, mainly made of wood. A mint green cupboard could be seen at the rear end of the room, another earthy colour. There was also a massive black TV screen that could be seen on one side, where Mia Tindall, nine, Lena Tindall, four, and Lucas Tindall, one, likely relax with their parents. Aston Farm on the Gatcombe Park estate, owned by The Princess Royal, is where Mike and his family usually live.   Sophie Smith, the founder of Zhoosh Paints, spoke to Express.co.uk to discuss the interiors of the couple's home. She said: "Known for loving the great outdoors, Mike and Zara are relatively comfortable living al-fresco. "Indeed, Gatcombe Park features huge grounds which play host to lots of equestrian events throughout the year. "It includes an impressive conservatory which can be seen from the front of the house, offering a sunny transition from indoor to outdoor living." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey'  The expert commented on the Tindall couple's "biophilic design" inside their home. Ms Smith continued: “Biophilic design seeks to connect with nature: ‘bringing the outdoors in’ has been popular for a few years now. "It really took off during the coronavirus pandemic as people looked to the calming, restorative powers of nature and how to replicate that in their homes. "Large greenhouses and conservatories are a great way to do this, but the look is easy to achieve in any room."  Ms Smith argues that the Tindall's did this with their "earthy" colour scheme. She added: "Earthy greens are more like the real colours of nature and can be used on floors and ceilings as well as on walls. "Meanwhile paint effects such as horizontal stripes or darker skirting boards and skims naturally draw the eye towards the windows and the natural light. “Being relaxed and healthy at home is vital and we can all take inspiration from Mike and Zara's home, giving a nod to the natural world by using the right colours and making the most of the outdoor spaces that we have.” 