You season four will return to Netflix on March 9 and the first half of the season saw Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) lead a new life as Jonathan Moore. As a university professor, he spent a lot of time with his literature students including Nadia Farran. The character is played by Amy-Leigh Hickman and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star. The fourth season has been split into two halves with the first five episodes introducing some of Jonathan Moore's eager students. He has a particularly close relationship with student Nadia as the pair seem to have a lot in common. However, Nadia starts to grow suspicious of her professor when he becomes interested in murder mysteries and cover-ups. As one of the breakout stars, viewers are keen to find out more about Amy-Leigh, including her age. READ MORE: You season 4 fans 'work out' Eat the Rich killer accomplice identity The actress was born in Hastings, East Sussex, in September 1997, making her 25 years old. When she was just five, she began studying acting at The Theatre Workshop in Bexhill. One of her first roles was in the series Tracy Beaker Returns, in 2010, a role she reprised in The Dumping Ground. Viewers may also recognise her for her role as Linzi Bragg in EastEnders, or as Nasreen Paracha in Ackley Bridge. She rose to further prominence in 2020 when she starred as Mimi Saunders in the BBC's Our Girl. The star spoke to Fizzy Mag about her latest role in You and she said she was "thrilled and shocked" when she got the job. She said: "You never really have time to process in the moment when things like that happen. It's usually after the fact is when it all sinks in. "That evening I went out for dinner with a bunch of my closest friends, including Tilly (Keeper), who plays Lady Phoebe, so it was amazing we could celebrate together." DON'T MISS... You season 4 will return for part 2 next month You fans in frenzy as Love Quinn returns in part two Outlander and Downton Abbey star Ed Speleers joins You season 4 cast The actress teased how Nadia could have the upper hand against Joe in future episodes. She said: "People will definitely be surprised by Nadia and what she is capable of. "But, without giving too much away, I think it's important to remember how smart Nadia and, to some extent, Joe has met his match in terms of intelligence. They just use it in very different ways." The star is on Instagram and on wrap day at the end of filming she paid tribute to her co-stars. She said: "Had the best time with the best cast and crew", leaving a heart emoji. Viewers have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the star's appearance in You's latest season. Some even suspect her of being the killer as they felt she was always on Joe's tail. Raul Tostado said: "My theory is that Nadia’s the eat the rich killer. Knows about murder mystery. She loved Malcom which everyone hated them. "They gave us a hint in episode one, when Joe ironically asked her is she sleeps and she responded by saying sleep is for the rich." You season 4 returns to Netflix on March 9.