A menopause specialist has said many women feel "let down" after police said missing Nicola Bulley had "significant issues with alcohol" brought on by the perimenopause. Lancashire police's revelation that Nicola Bulley had "significant issues with alcohol" brought on by the perimenopause has sparked a backlash. Around 13 million women have perimenopause - when the body starts the transition to menopause - or menopause, according to the NHS, with a raft of symptoms including hot flushes, flashes, mood swings and depression.  Since the police released Ms Bulley’s health record, many menopause and perimenopause specialists have expressed anger at the police's handling of her personal information. Catriona Armor, a menopause specialist says has been getting "tonnes" of messages in the last 24 hours, and said the "general consensus" is that women feel "let down." She said: "I hear from women every day who are feeling isolated, unable to cope, struggling." Among the calls she has been getting, she said she noticed "mixed feelings" around the police's decision to reveal Ms Bulley’s health record. She told Express.co.uk: "I’m having some women who are angered. However, I’m also having messages from women who are saying that it needs to be discussed because the NHS or their GPs are failing women - especially when it comes to the emotional side, the mental health side of menopause or alcoholism. "Because many women do turn to alcohol." Perimenopause and menopause cause changes in body composition as well as depression, anxiety, stress, fatigue, insomnia, and cognitive decline, all of which, according to various studies, can trigger the onset of alcohol abuse or worsen previously existing alcohol use disorders. However, Ms Armor admitted being "pleased" Ms Bulley’s private information has been released "because it is getting women talking". The menopause specialist said she believes Ms Bulley’s case is raising awareness about women’s "mental and emotional health" and hopes more women will come forward and seek appropriate treatment. She said: "The majority of women I speak to are grateful it’s being discussed. They want to have medical options to support their body during this time." READ MORE: Home Secretary 'concerned' with police sharing Nicola Bulley update HRT, Hormone Replacement Therapy, is the most common treatment used to relieve symptoms of peri- and menopause. It restores female hormone levels to bring relief to many women. She said: "But GPs do not give enough information. GPs are providing HRT. HRT can be amazing for many women but there are many women who feel HRT actually makes them feel worse and can make them feel crazy." Bloating and swelling are the most common side effects, as are leg cramps, headaches, indigestion, and feeling sick. If the therapy is taken with food, indigestion and sickness are less severe. Leg cramps can be relieved with regular exercise and stretching, according to doctors. Ms Armor, who has been practising as a menopause specialist for 7 years now, said she also hears from women who feel "suicidal" or experience sadness and depression. DON'T MISS:Nicola Bulley speculation 'outof control’ after police release claims [REPORT]Piers Morgan brands police's Nicola Bulley comments 'outrageous’ [REPORT]Nicola Bulley’s family share heartbreaking plea for 'cuddle' [REPORT] She said: "It’s a time of life when women start to reflect on their lives - in the mid-40s-50s - when relationships can be affected, stress with work, being unable to cope. "There’s a whole combination of factors. It’s not just a case of low estrogen or progesterone, which is what the doctors seem to focus on. You have to take everything as a whole when it comes to perimenopause." Home Secretary Suella Braverman has demanded an explanation from Lancashire police over the release of Ms Bulley’s private information. The force linked her vulnerabilities to its hypothesis that the mother-of-two fell into River Wyre. The search for the missing mother-of-two is still underway. READ NEXT:Nicola Bulley search expert says she could have 'wandered off'Nicola Bulley was suffering from 'brain fog and restless sleep'Nicola Bulley's family issue new statement after 'speculation'Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley