Premier League chiefs reportedly believe a division-wide Drive To Survive type series is an 'inevitablity' with those at the top of the sport fearing losing viewers in the future. The Netflix series has helped galvanise and future-proof Formula One by allowing the sport to grow with an under-35 and female audience. Drive to Survive has been a huge success for Formula One with the sport seeing a huge increase in viewers as a result. It has reverberated with a fresh demographic allowing the sport to grow in popularity with a younger audience by highlighting a different side to the drivers. Now, the Premier League could be set for a similar kind of series according to the Daily Mail with chiefs from across the division talking up the potential. F1 Grand Prix now receives a bigger viewership than the average Premier League encounter on Sky Sports with Premier League bosses hoping to reverse the trend with a show of their own. While Tottenham, Manchester City and Arsenal have each already been subjected to their own fly-on-the-wall documentary with Amazon Prime the Premier League's series would follow all 20 clubs from across the division. READ MORE: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Mikel Arteta's brilliant Arsenal It is unclear what broadcaster would be offered the chance to produce the show should it become a reality but some club officials have suggested selling the rights to the highest bidder. It would be separate from the existing TV deal with interested parties offered the chance to pick up a separate package. Drive to Survive has been a particular success in America, a market which is still ripe for Premier League growth. That said, the show has not been positively received by all in Formula One with reigning world champion Max Verstappen holding reservations. The Dutchman choose not to appear in the series during the course of the 2021 campaign after suggesting it was 'over the top' but has agreed to take part in a limited role in the new season that will be released on February 24th. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges "I understand when you create a show, there needs to be drama, it needs to be exciting," he explained when asked about his invovlement. "But I'm a guy who finds it's also very important that you're portrayed well, and that they do not start to copy comments on the different kinds of footage when it didn't happen like that. “I had to explain it to them that that was my view, otherwise I didn't want to be part of it. But yes, they understood. Let's see once it comes out what they made of it. “I think I gave them like 30 minutes or one hour of an interview, and I hope of course they're going to use it well. I don't know when I'm going to watch it, but I hope they're happy." It remains to be seen whether or not the Premier League will produce a series like Drive To Survive but given the success it has had for Formula One it would appear it is only a matter of time.  