The Doctor Who star appeared as the first star guest announcer of the new series of the ITV programme hosted by Geordie duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly. The show was packed full of pranks and laughs, but viewers were left talking about the Pride pin badge on David Tennant's jacket. The 51-year-old actor's badge represents the non-binary flag and it's black, purple, white and yellow colours. He's already worn the pin multiple times during television appearances, including The Morning and The Graham Norton Show.Fans of the Harry Potter star flocked to Twitter to comment on him showing solidarity with the LGBTQ+ community.Emily Jane penned: "As someone who’s non-binary, I will never shut up about David Tennant’s pin!"  READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation @17StepsTo221B said: "I’m not even nonbinary and I can’t shut up about it. I love him so much."Sam Myers added: "Gotta say I love seeing David Tennant pop up with a non-binary pin everywhere. It's amazing to see cis-celebs as allies, especially a man that I love as much as him."Elec gushed: "I love David Tennant so much, look at his lil non-binary pin." (sic)Crazy Cat Lady shared: "David Tennant wearing his non-binary pin on all interviews/tv appearances is so cute." Ez wrote with a crying emoji: "Watching Saturday Night Takeaway and David Tennant has the non-binary pin on again." (sic)David is a father of five to Ty, 20, Olive, 11, Wilfred, nine, Doris, eight, and Birdie, three.Their mother is his wife Georgia Tennant who married the actor back in 2011.Georgia, 38, played Detective Inspector Samantha Nixon's daughter Abigail in The Bill.   DON'T MISS...David Tennant claims he's 'aware of repercussions' with Litvinenko  [EXCLUSIVE]Doctor Who's Donna Noble in danger as David Tennant returns  [LATEST]Marina Litvinenko shares son’s reaction to David Tennant role [EXCLUSIVE] She has also shown her support for the LGBTQ+ community as her social media profile picture is currently a trans flag.Georgia is among the former Doctor Who stars returning for the 60th anniversary audio adventure titled Once and Future.The story finds the Time Lord injured and needing treatment at a hospital where he "flits haphazardly" through his past incarnations.The eight-part series is set to be released monthly, with the first seven parts arriving between May and October this year. The climatic end will land in November 2024, with script editor Matt Fitton telling Radio Times: “It was a massive honour to be asked by producer David Richardson to help coordinate this mammoth undertaking."For me, it was a chance to work again with many of Big Finish's barnstorming writers, all of whom I'd had great fun working with before."It's always a joy to send that email inviting someone onto an exciting project like this, and then seeing the number of exclamation marks in the response!"Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway continues next Saturday on ITV at 7pm.