Holly Pan is a Chinese stylist who lives in the USA and posts about fashion on her social media and blog Petite Flowers Presents. The 50-year-old fashionista looks unbelievable for her age and has shared the supplements she takes to remain her youthful look. Holly also runs a popular fashion Tiktok, and many people in her comment section cannot believe she is over 50 years old. In one video, in which she says she does not dress young but simply dresses to compliment her body, people were begging her to share her top tips for de-ageing. One comment said: “Girl what is your secret and skin routine, you literally could pass for 27.” Another person said: “You are literally gorgeous! You’re looking better than I do at 25.” Someone else wrote: “You’re 50? Did you find the fountain of youth by any chance?” However, Holly has explained that her tip for staying young is her supplement routine. Holly explained that in the morning she takes some supplements on an empty stomach and begins the day with ashwagandha to reduce hot flushes. Ashwagandha is a small shrub with yellow flowers that commonly grows in southeast Asia, and is often taken to reduce stress, but there is not enough evidence to conclude how effective it is. READ MORE: The 'crucial' step to 'reduce the signs of ageing' Some early studies have been done to see if ashwagandha can reduce anxiety, and one study with 58 participants who took ashwagandha for eight weeks said it had significantly reduced their stress levels and helped improve their sleep quality. However, it should be noted that the long-term effects of ashwagandha are currently unknown, and women who are pregnant and those with hormone-sensitive prostate cancer should avoid the plant. Those on certain medications such as benzodiazepines, anticonvulsants, or barbiturates should also avoid ashwagandha. Holly also explained that she takes women’s probiotics first thing in the mornings in order to reduce bloating as well to prevent urinary infections. Probiotics are bacteria naturally found in your body and have a series of health benefits such as promoting vaginal health, supporting immunity and can promote better stomach health.  DON'T MISS:Revolution launches £10 serum of sell-out Miracle Cream [REVEAL]Lipstick shades that 'add unnecessary years' to your age  [REPORT]'Excellent' remedies to 'lock in moisture' around the lips and eyes [INSIGHT] Holly then explained that she takes two supplements with her breakfast, one of which is liquid multivitamins and Holly said they help improve her hair, health and immunity while also giving her energy. The youthful 50-year-old also said she took liquid collagen, which she said helped her joint health as well as helped optimise her body fat level. Collagen is a protein which helps joins as well as maintains skin elasticity and stretchiness. As you age collagen breaks down and it becomes harder for your body to begin producing it, which makes it a popular anti-ageing supplement.    Holly also had supplements that she took with her dinner, which included Melatonin, which Holly said helps her get better sleep. Melatonin is a hormone that occurs naturally in the body and controls sleeping patterns and is a common treatment for those over 55 with sleeping issues. It is only available through a doctor's prescription and is usually only taken for one to four weeks. Holly also said she took vitamin D and vitamin K for her bone help and to help boost her immune system. The fashion blogger also explained that the final supplement she takes is fibre heart health detox, which she said she took for heart health and to prevent strokes. It should be noted that before beginning a daily supplement routine to speak to your doctor or pharmacist to make sure it is the best course of action. This is especially important for those on medication, who drink regularly and those that have any health conditions that the supplements could affect, such as stomach, intestinal, or liver problems.   