Pep Guardiola and Mikel Arteta were adamant that with February yet to pass and as many as 48 points still to play for, the season will not reveal all of its secrets tonight. But for the rest of us, ruled by hearts and gut, the feeling that we will at least catch a glimpse of the final outcome when Arsenal and Manchester City meet at the Emirates is hard to escape. First against second, pretenders against the crown and apprentice challenging mentor and one time master in Arteta and Guardiola: all parts seem in place to create a blockbuster. And crucially, in keeping with the best sport can offer, it is impossible to say with confidence whether the night finishes with Arsenal or City inflicting the blow that would go a long way to deciding the title. Such uncertainty has been fuelled by the relative trajectories of late. Arsenal, so dominant in the half of their campaign, have wobbled in their last two games taking just a point from Everton and Brentford. For their part, City have looked below their best since the World Cup dropping eight points in as many games until finally clicking at the weekend against Aston Villa. Guardiola has been at turns exasperated, at others critical and angry at his side as he has sought to spark a fire but yesterday he suggested a corner has been turned. MUST READ: Conte left to rue three mistakes as Spurs succumb to Milan defeat  “They are more focused when we talk,” he said of his squad. “Sometimes you would see distracted faces at training but my feeling now is that everyone is more focused. Whether it remains until the end of the season I don’t know and that doesn’t guarantee success. “But there is a rhythm, a feeling that we try to do our best. I’m comfortable with what I am watching. We did not drop much. I would say the mentality was there. We are second in the table to a side that made 50 points in the first leg. When that happens, hats off and try to learn to catch up.” Arteta refused to be drawn on the magnitude of tonight’s game insisting resolutely that “at the moment” his side have the most points but noting that that can change. In truth, Arsenal can afford to draw tonight without sustaining significant damage. City almost certainly need to avoid defeat given the Gunners’ game in hand. Sling-shot momentum, off the back of a result either way, will be a powerful force. Recent history suggests Guardiola has little to fear from his former assistant given he has won six out of his seven against Arteta since he left for London. DON'T MISS...Chelsea sent Rafael Leao transfer message after tearing Spurs apartMan Utd sponsors 'concerned' over potential Mason Greenwood returnMan Utd women's players 'disturbed' by Mason Greenwood clips In addition Arsenal have lost 10 in a row in the league to City. Yet the match-ups on the pitch look tighter with Martin Odegaard against Rodri, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli against City’s full-backs and Thomas Partey against Kevin De Bruyne all mouthwatering clashes. Erling Haaland, who has not found the target in his last three, looks likely to play despite a knock to his thigh and his battle with Gabriel and William Saliba will be compelling. “I always have the feeling that the last eight to 10 games are going to decide the title,” said Guardiola. “We have to try to be there in that moment then make the last effort to achieve it. But we are just in February and there are a lot of games still to play.” Perhaps true but few, if any, are likely to seem as pivotal as this one.