The Met Office has confirmed some parts of Britain could see a dusting of snow as early as this weekend. Forecasters have been bracing for an update on a cold snap which is poised to hit the nation early next month. But with mild temperatures starting to tumble yet again - especially in the south - expert attention is turning to the coming days. The Met Office has issued some detail in its long-range forecast for this coming weekend, citing sunny spells and wintry showers on Saturday. It says the north and east are the areas under watch, with coastlines being the most likely affected areas. Looking ahead from February 26 to March 6 it says: "Saturday will be generally dry with sunny spells with isolated wintry showers in the north and east, mainly along coasts. "Turning cloudier with a few spots of rain in the northwest later. Winds fresh to strong in the east and far south with a risk of North Sea coastal gales at first." "It will be light to moderate elsewhere," it added. Further ahead into the start of March, people can begin to expect a return of frost and icy stretches. This new chilly pattern appears to be a sign of things to come, as it continues: "Widely cold at first with frost in many areas and icy stretches in places, daytime maxima rather cold. "Later, mostly fair weather with variable cloud and some clear and sunny spells with a few overnight fog patches possible. "Perhaps a few wintry showers, mainly on eastern coasts. Winds generally light, locally fresh to strong in the south, especially along the coast. Feeling rather cold generally, with some overnight frost under clear spells." READ MORE: Four ‘common’ energy saving tips to avoid - ‘don’t actually work’ In terms of a prolonged cold snap on the horizon, forecasters have been especially interested in March due to sudden stratospheric warming which took place last week. The weather event, which can happen at this time of year and can have little to no effect on the UK's weather at all, was blamed predominantly for the Beast from the East back in 2018. The warming of the stratosphere in the north east, near to areas like Greenland and Scandinavia, can see an eventual, delayed, effect on the UK's weather - often taking more than a fortnight to materialise. While interactive maps from WXCHARTS did indicate a Greenland barrage heading for southern England on March 7, this appears to have back-tracked with more wet weather now showing up. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk there had been a change in what was predicted as models become clearer. He said: "Maps have indeed gone backwards regarding the cold and snow for UK. The current favoured target is central and Eastern Europe but the game is not over yet." Mr Dale, who coined the Beast from the East phrase some two decades ago, added that any cold weather would hit the fringes of the UK as opposed to inland regions. "It'll be on the fringes, if that", he said. "We need to see the polar air and at the moment it’s not for us."  