A teenage girl with "serious injuries" was found dead in a park by police in Warrington this afternoon. Police were called to reports of a woman seriously injured in Culcheth Linear Park this afternoon. The girl, whose age and identity is not yet known, was declared dead at the scene and police immeditaely launched an investigation. A Cheshire Police spokesman said: "At 3.13pm today, Saturday 11 February, police were called to Culcheth Linear Park, Warrington, following reports of a female with serious injuries. Sadly, the female was pronounced dead at the scene." "A scene is currently in place and enquiries are continuing to establish the circumstances surrounding her death." Detective Chief Inspector Adam Waller added: "I understand the concerns that this incident is likely to cause, and I am aware that there are rumours circulating online – however, I would urge people not to speculate. "We are following numerous lines of enquiry to establish what led to the victim's death, and local residents will see an increased presence of police officers in the area while we investigate this incident. "At this stage we do not believe there is a wider threat to anyone else however if you have concerns please do speak to a local officer. "As part of our investigation, I am keen to hear from anyone who believes they may have witnessed the incident or seen anything unusual in Culcheth Linear Park at around 3pm. 'The same goes for anyone with any CCTV or dashcam footage which may aid our investigation. "I urge anyone with any information – no matter how small – to get in touch." Local residents have seen a large number of emergency services working around the area, including a police helicopter and armed officers. Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols urged anyone with information to come forward to help with the investigation.  Teen girl found dead in park with 'serious injuries' as police plead for dashcam footage She posted on Facebook: "I've spoken to the Warrington Police Borough Commander tonight regarding the tragic death. If you have any information, or were in the nearby area and have dashcam footage, please come forward even if you think it's nothing- let the police make that decision. "My thoughts and prayers are with the family of the deceased, and I will continue to liaise with and support our local police in any way I can in ascertaining all of the facts of this case." Culcheth in Warrington is a large village, reported to have a population of around 11,000 people. In December 2022, there were only 34 crimes committed in the area, according to Cheshire Constabulary. 