The trek to the heart of a melting glacier is as dangerous as a future without the ice masses themselves. A helmet and a carabiner are our defence against the treacherously steep mountains dwarfing Argentina’s Perito Moreno. But the ice surrounding us is powerless to guard itself from its biggest threat - rising temperatures. Adding stainless steel crampons to our armour, photographer Adam Gerrard and I journeyed to one of the last magical caves on the giant glacier. The cavity’s beautiful arch tinged with every shade of blue has yet to become a victim of our warming world. But drip by drip, these fairy tale features have disappeared. Our experienced guide Lisandro warned us not to be drawn into the mesmerising shelter in case it came crumbling down. The ice beneath us fell at least a century before the start of the revolution that would ultimately contribute to its demise- the industrial age. The sound of crushed glass resonated from beneath us as the spikes hooked and hitched into the icy expanse. The global warming frontline is a deceivingly idyllic place with ragged chunks of pale and delicate blues - known as seracs - towering and glowing in the morning sunshine. Clambering across the pitted terrain revealed deep crevices and fractures with hues of electric blue from a science fiction dreamscape. The rush of water plunging down narrow drain-like holes, called moulins, echoed as the glacier’s “internal plumbing system” funnelled meltwater from the ice surface to its base below. The hiss of a rushing rapid river reverberated through the icescape when water twisted and turned before us. A spotless patch of 400-year-old ice near its edge provided the perfect perch for lunch with an unforgettable view. And the pools of freezing freshwater invited us for a drink, which we accepted after the guide’s approval. Although we were temporary - and tidy - guests on the glacier, the glinting spires of ice are a hospitable home to only one organism. The mysterious ice dragon, called Andiperla willinki, evades our sight as we stomp around its mesmerising habitat. The tiny but mighty insect is endangered because the ice sheet it depends on is melting. Our fellow trekkers - tourists from across the globe - are not the only other signs of life on the mound. Grumbles, cracks and creaks escape from the groaning glacier which is constantly in motion. Originating beyond the horizon in the clouds, it stretches out more than 18 miles, moulding itself to the land as it creeps towards Lake Argentino. At one end, where the glacier-capped mountains scrape the skies, hails the birth of new ice. While the other side, where icebergs float aimlessly, heralds its destruction. The roar of thunder from the dramatic calving of ice at the glacier’s serrated edges is drowned out by the heartbeat at its centre. The regular thud of nature’s cannon signals how the melting glacier is finally at war with global warming. A combination of air, water and time created the spectacle before us but the latter in the list is the very thing this natural wonder no longer has left. Drought-stricken lands, intense blazes and record-breaking temperatures are all side effects of man’s environmental destruction of the planet But glaciers are the world’s fast-disappearing gauge of climate change. The trek to Perito Moreno’s heart was long and gruelling but short and effortless in comparison to the road to its redemption. Glaciers are key witnesses to the history of the earth’s climate and we have a chance not to be bystanders to their demise.