Thinking about making the switch to the latest Samsung Galaxy S23 or a new foldable like the Find N2 Flip from Oppo? It might be a good idea to pop your wallet back in your pocket as a mighty upgrade will be coming to new Android devices that launch much later this year. US chipmaker Qualcomm has just confirmed that it will be releasing a new 5G modem in the second part of 2023 which will make the devices that feature it faster, extra efficient and much more reliable. The new Snapdragon X75 5G Modem-RF System is more advanced than current technology with it able to achieve better download speeds, more robust network coverage and improved location accuracy. It basically means that users should find they spend less time searching for a signal and more time hooked up to speedy 5G. Qualcomm is also boasting that this upgraded technology will improve sustained performance in places that are notorious for signal strength dropping. This includes scenarios such as elevators, underground trains, airports and parking garages. Another bonus of the Snapdragon X75 is that it needs less power to keep it running which should help to extend battery life when streaming games and watching endless movies online. Right now this latest tech is being tested by major manufacturers but it's expected that some phones released towards the year will feature the improvements. That's why those wanting the ultimate 5G data connection might be wise to hold off splashing out on a new phone today as devices arriving in stores right now aren't getting this boost. Want to know more about the latest Samsung phones? Read our full Galaxy S23 Ultra review "5G Advanced will take connectivity to a whole new level, fueling the new reality of the Connected Intelligent Edge,” said Durga Malladi, senior vice president and general manager, cellular modems and infrastructure, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. “Snapdragon X75 Modem-RF System demonstrates the full breadth of our global 5G leadership, with innovations such as hardware accelerated AI and the support for upcoming 5G Advanced capabilities, which unlock a whole new level of 5G performance and a new phase in cellular communications." Along with adding faster mobile connectivity to devices in 2023, Qualcomm also recently announced the launch of its satellite technology. This is similar to what Apple already offers inside its iPhone 14 range with users now able to link their devices to space and send emergency texts should they find themselves somewhere where there's no mobile network. Qualcomm's upcoming upgrade, which is in partnership with global satellite communications company Iridium, will be made available to flagship phones that are powered by Qualcomm's upcoming Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 Mobile Platform. Emergency messaging on Snapdragon Satellite is planned to be available on next-generation smartphones, launched in select regions starting in the second half of 2023 so expect more news to be announced soon.