Liverpool wasted a two-goal advantage as they were humbled 5-2 by Real Madrid in the Champions League at Anfield on Tuesday night. The hosts opened the scoring when Darwin Nunez flicked the ball in after four minutes, with Mohamed Salah getting his name on the scoresheet 10 minutes later. But after Vinicius Junior bagged a first half brace, the tide turned in the visitors’ favour. Real ultimately went ahead for the first time of the night when Eder Militao headed home just after the interval. And Karim Benzema put the game to bed with a double of his own in the second period. It was another night to forget for Jurgen Klopp’s men - and Express Sport has all the player ratings for the Reds’ underperforming stars. Alisson - 4 Alisson’s downfall came nine minutes before the break as he gifted Real a first half equaliser when he lashed the ball straight into Vinicius Junior inside his own penalty area. That mistake gave Real the boost they needed - and he has to take his share of the blame for Madrid scoring five goals. Alexander-Arnold - 6 Trent Alexander-Arnold is known for his ability on the ball. And he produced some outstanding passes in the first half as his side went 2-0 ahead. He was solid in defence at times - a part of his game that is often criticised - but wasn't able to halt the rout. Gomez - 4 Joe Gomez was found wanting against his talented opponents and was unable to handle Vinicius on the night. He didn’t close the Brazil international down quick enough for Real’s opening goal and also gave away the free-kick at the start of the second half that cost his side another goal. He then played Rodrygo on side for the visitors’ fourth goal. Van Dijk - 4 Virgil van Dijk has been a rock at the heart of the Reds defence for years. But following a recent spell on the sidelines he didn’t look up to speed against Carlo Ancelotti’s men. Real carved the home defence open far too easily and Van Dijk could do nothing about it. JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal    Robertson - 6 Andy Robertson provided an attacking outlet during the first half as the Reds came storming out of the blocks. And he defended well before the interval. But ultimately he was part of a Liverpool defence that conceded five goals. Henderson - 4 As Liverpool’s captain, Jordan Henderson should have been the man to calm his team-mates down after they had gone two goals ahead and galvanise them after they had gone behind. But he didn’t impact them in that way as Real ran away with the match. Fabinho - 4 Fabinho looks like a player who can’t be relied on at the highest level any more. At the age of 29, his legs appear to be going and he was passed by far too often, before giving the ball away ahead of Real's final goal of the night. Bajcetic - 5 Stefan Bajcetic has impressed since being thrust into the Liverpool team. But he was hung out to dry by his senior team-mates against Madrid and was unable to influence the game in the way he would have liked to. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision    Salah - 7 Mohamed Salah created the opening goal before getting his name on the scoresheet himself soon afterwards. And he caused the away defence all sorts of problems in the first half. But he was quiet in the second period and will be disappointed his team-mates couldn’t match his output. Gakpo - 5 Cody Gakpo set the tone for his evening in the first two minutes after he slipped over when finding himself in a good position in the box. He was ineffective in front of goal and will need to improve to keep his place in the coming weeks. Nunez - 6 Darwin Nunez has come in for his fair share of criticism this season due to wasting chances in front of goal. But he took his goal well in the fourth minute and showed glimpses of why the Merseysiders shelled out £64million for him last summer. Subs Firmino - 6 Jota - 6 Matip - 6 Milner - 6 Elliott - 6 