There are two main types of pruning depending on the end goal gardeners wish to achieve. They either want to form a certain shape or layout in a plant known as “formative pruning” or keep a plant healthy using “maintenance pruning”. Formative pruning helps tell the plant where you want the growth to be and reduce it in areas where you don’t want growth. Maintenance pruning is used to keep a plant healthy, encourage fresh growth and ensure it continues to flower or produce fruit. But when carrying out either type of pruning there are four mistakes gardening expert Madison Moulton at Blooming Backyard urges gardeners to avoid. She said: “Pruning is an essential garden maintenance task. Most plants will need some kind of trim throughout their lifetime – shrubs and trees in particular. “As one of the more technical gardening tasks you’ll complete throughout the year, pruning can be difficult to get right every time. There are so many things to consider, from pruning time to the amount of pruning that needs to be done, that it’s quite easy to make a mistake that can seriously harm your plants.” There are two things pruning tools should never be. The first is blunt and the second is dirty. For starters, blunt shears are incredibly difficult to work with. They don’t make clean cuts and require far more force and manoeuvring to get the job done. REA MORE: ‘Essential’ method for ‘greener and thicker’ grass ‘fast’ after winter The expert said: “Most often, the goal of pruning is to encourage the plant to grow better, stronger and healthier. If a branch is damaged by blunt shears, it is far more likely to face trauma and stunted growth. These rough cuts do not heal quickly and are likely to strip the bark or stem, creating an even larger open wound vulnerable to damage.” Gardeners are notorious for picking up their pruning shears in whatever condition and using them to cut back plants. However, Madison urged: “It is vital to keep these tools continuously clean to prevent one dangerous threat – disease. “Fungal and bacterial diseases are common in home gardens. If you’ve recently pruned a diseased branch off a plant, using those same shears to prune another healthy plant will likely transfer that disease. You may not even notice you have transferred a disease until it is too late.” What seems like an incredibly simple task, cutting a branch, can be the “downfall” if done incorrectly, noted the expert. DON'T MISS‘Amazing remedy’ to dissolve ‘black stains’ from log burner glass [TIPS]Dehumidifier vs air purifier benefits - one cuts energy bills by £150 [EXPERT]Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential [COMMENT] She said: “The main concern is placement. Pruning cuts need to be made in the correct place to ensure the plant grows back correctly.” When it comes to soft-stemmed plants, Madison explained that cuts are usually made above a leaf node. This encourages the plant to grow new stems from the site of the node, improving growth. If gardeners cut too close to the node, they may damage it and it will not grow back. For those who cut too far above a node, that part of the branch will begin to die off, preventing new growth and encouraging disease. Along with placement, angle is also important. The gardening pro said: “Pruning cuts should always be made at an angle to allow the water to run off the top.” READ MORE: Orchid expert shares five of the ‘biggest mistakes’ to avoid This is especially important for plants with thick branches. Flat cuts that sit straight upwards can collect water, stopping the cut from healing and causing the branch to rot. As the UK is set to enter spring, plants are beginning to kickstart growth, with new leaves and stems forming at rapid rates. These leaves give the plant more energy through photosynthesis, allowing them to grow even bigger. If gardeners cut off too many of these new leaves and stems, they will interrupt this cycle of growth, “resulting in shock”, warned Madison. She explained: “Heavy pruning at the wrong time can irreparably damage the growth of the plant. Plants with stunted growth or an interruption in their natural growth may take years to recover, if they even recover at all.” Instead, a heavy prune is best saved for the plant’s dormant season, if it needs to be done at all, but many plants will not need such an intense cutting. The alternative mistake to overpruning is not pruning at all. This mistake is usually less risky as plants survive in the wild just fine without the help of gardeners. However, it does contribute greatly to the health of garden plants. The expert said: “Many plants don’t explicitly need to be pruned to aid growth. However, they still need dying or underperforming branches, diseased leaves, or spent flowers to be removed. “If left on the plant, these unsightly elements sap energy from the plant that could be put into new growth.”