Boris Johnson says it is time Ukraine gets “exactly what it needs to finish the job” after President Zelensky requested British fighter jets to provide “wings for freedom”. The former prime minister ramped up pressure on Rishi Sunak, saying the “best single-use” for UK Typhoons is in Ukraine.  Mr Johnson’s intervention came after Mr Zelensky gave a rousing historic address to Parliament during a whirlwind surprise visit. It is only the second time Kyiv’s heroic leader has left his war-torn nation since Russia invaded nearly a year ago. Mr Johnson, who struck up a close relationship with him while he was in No10, said: “It is time to give the Ukrainians the extra equipment they need to defeat Putin and to restore peace to Ukraine. “That means longer-range missiles and artillery. It means more tanks. It means planes. We have more than 100 Typhoon jets, more than 100 Challenger 2 tanks. “The best single use for any of these is to deploy them now for the protection of the Ukrainians – not least because that is how we guarantee our own long-term security.”   Mr Johnson said the lesson from the first year of the war is that Russia’s despot leader “fears nothing except the heroism of the Ukrainians and Western willingness to give them the tools they need”. He added: “Every time we have stepped up with more military­ ­support the Ukrainians responded and turned the tide of the war. Now is the time to give them exactly what they need to finish the job.” Mr Zelensky told Parliament: “I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words: combat aircraft for Ukraine, wings for freedom.” Mr Sunak has so far only said he will ask Defence Secretary Ben Wallace to investigate what jets the UK could potentially hand over. But in a press conference with Mr Zelensky, he insisted “nothing is off the table” and combat aircraft “are part of the conversation”.   The Prime Minister announced plans to train Ukrainian pilots, paving the way for them to eventually be able to fly sophisticated Nato-standard jets, but that is seen as a long-term ambition. President Zelensky’s visit was kept top secret until he landed safely in the UK on Wednesday. Downing Street staff gathered to clap and cheer for the Ukrainian leader as he arrived at No 10 for talks with the PM. The applause continued as Mr Zelensky spoke to MPs and peers at Westminster Hall. In a stirring address, he thanked Britain for its support. He said: “I stand before you on behalf of the brave, on behalf of our war heroes who are now in the trenches under enemy artillery fire, on behalf of our air gunners, and every defender of the sky who protects Ukraine against enemy aircraft and missiles, on behalf of our tank men who fight to restore our Ukrainian borders, on behalf of our conscripts being trained now, including here in Britain. Thank you, Britain.” He said victory against Russia will deter aggressors around the world and hailed the UK for “marching with us”, adding: “We know freedom will win. We know Russia will lose. “The United Kingdom is marching with us towards the most important victory of our lifetime. It will be a victory over the very idea of the war. After we win together, any aggressor, it doesn’t matter big or small, will know what awaits if he attacks international order. Any aggressor is going to lose.” Mr Zelensky praised Mr Johnson for leading the Western response.   He said: “London has stood with Kyiv since day one, from the first seconds and minutes. Great Britain you extended your helping hand when the world had not yet come to understand how to react. “Boris: you got others united when it seemed absolutely impossible. Thank you.” But the Ukrainian president made it clear he needs more military support to have the best chance of defeating the Russians. Britain has already agreed to send battle tanks but Kyiv wants fighter jets. Presenting a Ukrainian fighter ace’s helmet to Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle, he said: “Evil is still around today and the battle continues. “Yes, we know how it’s going to end and how we are going to feel on the day victory comes. Every day we continue to pay with lives. “Pain and tears for bringing ­victory closer.” The president, in his trademark khaki green military fatigues, met King Charles before joining Mr Sunak at Lulworth Camp, Dorset, to meet Ukrainian troops being trained by the British Army. The training programme will also involve UK marines and fighter jet pilots. The Prime Minister said the move would ensure Ukraine’s troops are “able to defend their country for generations to come”.    Rishi Sunak has admitted “nothing is off the table” as Volodymyr Zelensky warned the war will stagnate without Western fighter jets, writes Michael Knowles, Daily Express Defence Editor. The Prime Minister revealed we are training Ukraine pilots “for the first time”, adding: “Tanks will be on the battlefield in a matter of weeks.” Long-range missiles will also be given for the first time. Mr Sunak and Mr Zelensky met Ukrainian troops being taught to use our Challenger 2 battle tanks on Wednesday. While the Ukrainian President said such armour remains the “priority”, he said: “We need fighter jets.” At a base in Dorset, the PM said: “We have been discussing fighter combat aircraft today. Nothing is off the table.” Mr Zelensky said relations with London are at a “new level”.    RISHI Sunak has admitted “nothing is off the table” as Volodymyr Zelensky warned the war will stagnate without Western fighter jets. The Prime Minister revealed we are training Ukraine pilots “for the first time”, adding: “Tanks will be on the battlefield in a matter of weeks.” Long-range missiles will also be given for the first time. Mr Sunak and Mr Zelensky met Ukrainian troops being taught to use our Challenger 2 battle tanks yesterday. While the Ukrainian President said such armour remains the “priority”, he said: “We need fighter jets.” At a base in Dorset, the PM said: “We have been discussing fighter combat aircraft today. Nothing is off the table.” Mr Zelensky said relations with London are at a “new level”.  He came, he saw, he conquered. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky won the hearts and minds of our nation on Wednesday as he thanked Britain for its help in battling the Russian invasion, writes Martyn Brown Deputy Political Editor. In an emotional address to MPs and Peers in Westminster Hall, he said the UK had stood shoulder to shoulder with his country since the start of the conflict. “Thank you, Britain,” he roared, stirring the normally sedate Westminster Hall into a frenzy of applause and cheers. He might be small in stature but, have no doubt, Mr Zelensky is a global colossus. And he was following in the footsteps of other historical giants as he spoke of Ukraine’s struggle to repel Vladimir Putin’s “evil”. The Queen, Sir Winston Churchill, Barack Obama, Pope Benedict XVI and Nelson Mandela have all given speeches inside the 900-year-old building. But the hall has never witnessed the kind of rapturous welcome given to this khaki-clad rock star of a president. Applause resonated around its stone walls and there were cries of “Slava Ukraini” – Glory to Ukraine – when he arrived.   Mr Zelensky’s 20-minute speech, watched by Rishi Sunak and former Prime Ministers Boris Johnson, Liz Truss and Theresa May, was a masterclass. Powerful, passionate, gracious, historical and humble, the former comedian even laced it with humour – a powerful weapon in the face of a brutal dictator. But he also insisted more help will be needed to defeat the Russian aggressors and appealed to the UK to supply his country with “powerful” aircraft. The President presented Speaker Lindsay Hoyle with a helmet, signed by one of Kyiv’s top pilots. He repeatedly thanked “Rishi” who had served the Ukrainian leader a continental breakfast in Downing Street. And he gave a special nod, to one old mucker. “Boris: You got others united when it seemed absolutely, absolutely impossible. Thank you,” he said. Just months after Queen Elizabeth II lay in state in Westminster Hall, Mr Zelensky ended his address with a V-for-victory sign and a patriotic: “God Bless Great Britain and long, long live the King. Slava Ukraini”. Cue more cheering and applause. Someone was heard saying: “Incredible, what a hero!” How right they are.  The King told Volodymyr Zelensky he had been worrying about him, when they met for the first time at Buckingham Palace, writes Richard Palmer, Daily Express Royal Correspondent. The pair spent half an hour over tea in the 1844 Room. They discussed Ukraine’s resistance to the Russian invasion and the part that Britain has played in supporting the defence of the country. The president arrived via the Sovereign’s Entrance and the monarch’s equerry Lt Col Johnny Thompson introduced the two men. They shook hands and smiled warmly, while pictures and television footage were taken of their historic meeting. King Charles said he was delighted to welcome President Zelensky, who replied: “It’s a great honour to be here. Thank you for finding the time for me.” The 74-year-old monarch said: “We have all been worried about you and thinking about your country for so long, I can’t tell you.” Mr Zelensky replied: “Thank you so much.” His Majesty said he had heard the president had addressed both Houses of Parliament earlier in the day. Mr Zelensky said what a “big support” they had been. The King replied: “I’m so glad.” The meeting then continued in private.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea