Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s explosive series of interviews took the world by storm when it was released in two parts on Netflix at the end of last year. The streamer has already reported the documentary was one of their biggest hits of 2023, and it has now been revealed it also beat out rival streamers like Prime Video and Disney+. Harry and Meghan’s first episode has been confirmed as the third most-watched show of any streaming service in the UK last year. Despite backlash against the former royals, Netflix reported the project was its second-biggest documentary series to date earlier this year. While fictionalised royal drama The Crown was just 14th on the list, millions more tuned in to the Duke and Duchess’ tell-all series of interviews. The latest reports arrived as Clarkson’s Farm was revealed to have the highest UK audience for an original Prime Video series. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale This success was in spite of Jeremy Clarkson’s controversial column in The Sun in which he admitted he wanted Markle to be paraded through Britain and publicly shamed. Released in two parts of three episodes last December, Harry and Meghan chronicles the couple's separation from the Royal Family after their marriage in 2018. Some shocking accusations were made against Harry’s royal relatives, and they also criticised the tabloid press for hounding Meghan and her family for stories. It took the record for the streamer’s biggest documentary debut ever with 81.6 million hours watched in the first four days. The other top 20 programmes of last year were recorded by audience measurement body Barb and include film and TV content from Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+. Ahead of Harry and Meghan were the fourth season of Stranger Things and the Daniel Craig-fronted whodunnit sequel Glass Onion in the top spot. The first episode of the documentary was watched by 4.5 million people, while the Stranger Things finale attracted a staggering five million. Glass Onion took the crown with 6.7 million viewers, handily making Stranger Things the top scripted drama of 2023 and Harry and Meghan the top doc. DON'T MISS:NCIS boss teases Leroy Gibbs’ return [INTERVIEW]Outlander fans demand ‘axed’ characters to appear [OPINION]The Mandalorian season 4 already written, Jon Favreau confirms [INSIGHT] Barb’s top three beat out other popular series like Countryfile, Love Island, newcomer Wednesday and Bridgerton season two. Even more eyes were on the Sussexes at the start of this year following the publication of Harry’s explosive new memoir, Spare. It has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began, selling 467,183 in its first week of release. Harry’s memoir blows the lid off his tumultuous relationship with his brother William, and features jaw-dropping revelations about his youth and time in the armed forces. However, their time in the limelight has continued to stir up debate and backlash. Most recently, the Comedy Central cartoon South Park took shots at the Sussexes, labelling Harry and Meghan a “dumb prince and his stupid wife”. The Prince and Princess of Canada took the place of the couple, who put on an extravagant and obnoxious fireworks display whilst demanding they be given privacy. Harry and Meghan is available to stream on Netflix.