Actor and writer Dylan is best known for his role as Danny Tomlinson in ITV soap Coronation Street, which he starred in between 2020 and 2021. He has also featured in The A List, Get Even and the moving BBC series Ralph & Katie. However, he is next going to be taking on a very different role as Carl Hyndley, a British Consulate worker in Barcelona in UKTV’s Alibi series The Diplomat. The six-part series follows British diplomat Laura Simmonds (played by Sophie Rundle), who works with other members of her team to help distressed UK nationals abroad. From stolen passports to sexual assault and even murder, Laura, Carl and their colleagues will be working to help British nationals in their hour of need. Carl will be aiding his co-workers with Brady teasing his character would be avoiding most of the danger because he was mainly office-based. The star said “So in terms of immediate danger, there’s not so much threat of violence or gang warfare that Carl will find himself in the throes of. READ MORE: Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder “But there’s some really personal challenges for him. "What it’s like to be in your mid-20s working in a professional environment and also what it like to be millennials, a Gen-Z person having to park their own political views and beliefs to do their job. That’s an interesting challenge that Carl has to go through.” The show was filmed on location in Barcelona across various locations around the city with the cast and crew contending with the heat. Speaking about his departure from Coronation Street to the sunnier climes of the Spanish city, Brady said: “Corrie is such a machine and you’re in and out like clockwork and you’re working so quickly and getting through so much in one day. “There’s no second takes as long as no one swore or stood in the wrong place, you were ready to go.” He went on to say about The Diplomat: “But it was amazing because working with our wonderful directors Jill [Robertson] and Jenny [Paddon], they were really precise and wanted to get it right and wanted it make it beautiful. “So you really do feel like you got the time to try things out and be playful to figure out the scenes for me and find those moments and nuances you might otherwise lose if you have just one stab at it. “So they were really generous with how much time we had with it to play on set.” Reflecting on whether he’d want to return to the cobbles, Dylan said: “I think I had a lovely time and an amazing experience. “The amazing thing about this job is just constantly bouncing from one place to the next, one project to the next. I think I’ve done Corrie twice. “I had two stints on Corrie and I really enjoyed my time there but I think I’m more excited about what the future holds.” Should The Diplomat get a second series, Brady said it would be nice to see Carl get some more responsibility and a slice of the action. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches over The Chase player's 'best answer ever' [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence [VIEWER REACTION] The star is now focusing on his writing projects with his show The F*** It Bucket in post-production due out on Netflix later this year. The F*** It Bucket stars Stephen Fry and Sophie Wilde with Brady now getting together ideas for a possible second season. Brady is also busy working on some other writing endeavours for television which are in development. The Diplomat starts on UKTV’s Alibi on February 28