Fans attending a Dorset football league match were shocked to see sacked Southampton manager Nathan Jones turn out on the pitch after agreeing to appear for his local team. The former Saints boss was sacked only a week ago by the Premier League club but he was quickly back on the pitch, having been spotted making his debut for 12th-tier non-league outfit Cranborne FC on Saturday. The former Luton Town boss was sacked on February 12 after just 14 games in charge, leaving the club bottom of the Premier League after winning only one Premier League match. The ambitious coach had been picked to replace Ralph Hasenhuttl in November after impressing with Luton Town in the Championship. But he appeared to be somewhat out of his depth at St Mary's and alienated the supporters and senior management with some bizarre comments in his press conferences. Instead of watching his former assistant Ruben Selles guide the Saints to a shock 1-0 win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, Jones had his own match to focus on. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter let down by three players in Southampton defeat While some managers would prefer to take a break away from football after a humiliating sacking or painful exit, Jones showed his eagerness to get back out onto the pitch - quite literally. In a social media post on Saturday, one eagle-eyed football fan uploaded an image from Cranborne's game in the Dorset Football League - an amateur division that is 11 leagues below the Premier League. And fans were stunned to see Jones in the club's orange and black colours, as opposed to the dugout for a change. The Welshman spent the majority of his career in the lower leagues, playing over 100 games for Southend United, Brighton and Hove Albion and Yeovil respectively. And the 49-year-old showed he still had some ability left in his legs from his playing days as he bagged a debut assist to cap a memorable outing for his new club. DON'T MISSArsenal fans make feelings clear on Martinez after social media postSouness' verdict on Man Utd beating Arsenal to Premier League titleChelsea owner Boehly backed to sack Potter and bring back Mourinho “And it’s a goal early on! Debutant Nathan Jones puts a great cross in from the left, and Driscoll scores!” Cranborne tweeted their Twitter account. Jones' debut unfortunately ended in disappointment after it was claimed he limped off with a calf injury after just 10 minutes. But Cranborne seemed to cope without their new signing as they went on to beat Wareham Rangers Reserves 4-0. According to the Daily Echo's Alfie House, Jones offered to help out Cranborne as they needed an extra player as he is close friends with one of their squad members. And despite his recent job woes, he was willing to help out before picking up his injury as Cranborne celebrated an emphatic victory.