Former NFL star Marcellus Wiley has stated that 'biological males' should not compete in women's sport, claiming that "it's not right." The former defensive end posted a controversial TikTok on Sunday, and has continued to stand by his beliefs. Wiley does not think that athletes born male should be able to compete against women in sport, and would even pull his daughters out of competition if transgender athletes were involved. The former NFL star is the latest ex-professional to speak out about the tradition of women's sport, and has made it clear he has no issue with transgenders. But Wiley does have a 'biological issue' when it comes to competition, as he thinks athletes that are born as male hold an advantage. "I have no issue with transgenders," Wiley stated at the start of his TikTok video. "I do have an issue with athletes who are transgendered trying to participate going from a transition of a man to a woman and now playing with the women. "And, I will say that. You all can try to Dave Chappelle me all you want. I am very clear on this. You can be a transgender. You can be the homie, but I'll be damned if a male at birth turns into a female and tries to compete against my daughters. She ain't out there. We out." Wiley then claimed that some athletes could be taking advantage of their transgender status, as he questioned why those transitioning to women don't try and compete against the men. "Don't make this a human rights issue – this is a biological issue," Wiley added. "Simple as that. Trust me, I am a man. Why can't the dudes who transition to women actually empower women and compete against the men? "Oh, you don't wanna do that? Why, why? Hello? Anybody? Cause it's easier, damn it. I hate saying fair, but it's just not even right. Forget fair, it's not right." Wiley has three daughters, and as an athlete himself he understands the levels required to make it in sport. Wiley's eldest daughter, Morocca, was a former track and field athlete at UConn, something that the former NFL star also did before sticking to football.