A mum has shared her story after being forced to have her nose removed when doctors misdiagnosed her with sinusitis. Katie Froggatt first started complaining of pain in her nose in June 2021 but when she went to the doctors it was put down to sinusitis. After months of antibiotics, she returned and they found what looked like polyps in her nose. Speaking to the Liverpool Echo, Kate's best friend, Nicola Patterson said: "At the start of June 2021 she was complaining of what she thought was sinusitis. She was put on antibiotics but it turned out to be sinus cancer. "From June to December she just got put on antibiotics and thought she had polyps. In January last year she got diagnosed with sinus cancer, an aggressive cancer, and had an operation to have part of her nose removed. It's now come back despite having major operations as well as radiotherapy. "She was going to get her nose reconstructed but in September last year, it came back. Then in December, she had to have her nose removed. The cancer has now spread to her lungs. It's awful. She needs a prosthetic nose and she's trying another round of radiotherapy on her lungs."  The 39-year-old mum-of-one from Southport was a hairdresser before her diagnosis last year but is now unable to work while she receives treatment. Her friends and family are now trying to raise as much money as possible to get her private treatment as well as pay for her to travel to America to get the best prosthetic nose possible. Nicola, who has known Katie for 25 years, said: "She's the happiest, most outgoing and bubbliest person you will ever meet. Having her daughter was the best thing that ever happened to her.  "She's such a lovely person, you won't hear anyone say a bad word about her. Throughout all this, she's stayed very positive and strong. It's probably one of the hardest things anyone can go through." On Friday, February 8, Nicola along with a number of Katie's friends and family will be taking on a night walk to raise money for the mum. To read more or donate, click here. 