More than a quarter (27 percent) have even had disagreements with a partner over situations influenced by the films, and 13 percent admitted to cheating on a loved one because of something they saw in a romantic comedy. One in five (22 percent) noticed problems in their own relationship after watching a movie, and 15 percent even ended a relationship because of the expectations set by the film. It also emerged 30 percent feel pressured to change in order to fit the image of a character played by an A-list star – with 34 percent copying or imitating the actions of characters made famous by actors such as Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts. Behavioural psychologist and relationship expert Jo Hemming, who is working with Pluto TV, which commissioned the research to launch its “Bad Romance” channel, said: “It's interesting to see how people's favourite romantic films can reflect their relationship preferences and personality. “It's a great way to gain insight into what makes someone tick in love and relationships. “There's no doubt that we take watching our romantic movies seriously. “And with 29 percent reporting they have quoted a classic romantic line to their own partner, and 23 percent reporting a situation in their own life was mirrored from a scene in a movie, romantic films have a memorable and considerable influence on our relationships in many ways. “However, while movies have a profound impact on our relationships, we must always look inward and decide what works best for us. “So, while holding a boombox above your head blaring “In Your Eyes”, or turning up unannounced at your love interest's doorstep with 13 cue cards, may seem romantic in the movies, this may not work for all relationships and problems.” The study also found 40 percent feel watching a romantic comedy leaves them feeling more satisfied than their partners do. And others use them as inspiration, with 29 percent admitting to quoting a classic romantic comedy line to their partner – while 23 percent claimed a situation in their own relationship was mirrored in a scene in a movie. It also emerged Titanic, starring Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio, topped the list of movies that had the greatest impact on real-life couples. This was closely followed by Bridget Jones's Diary, with Renée Zellweger and Colin Firth, and the 1980s Patrick Swayze classic, Dirty Dancing. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found 35 percent watch romantic comedies regularly – but seven percent admitted to changing the channel when they're on. Jo Hemming added: “One of the joys of romantic movies is their comfort and reassurance – and, with few differing plotlines, we watch them for escapism and entertainment. “It's no surprise familiar and beloved blockbuster epics of years gone by, such as Bridget Jones' Diary, Titanic, and Dirty Dancing, have the most influence on our relationships.”