A recent study by Discover Ferries revealed the biggest travel rip-offs. The research unveiled where British travellers are made to spend extra, and luggage fees came first. Luckily, some of the most common travel fees can be easily avoided saving holidaymakers hundreds of pounds. The experts explained that "the biggest travel rip-offs are often the hidden extras", which are less visible in the planning process and less likely to be factored into travel budgets. As well as luggage, seat allocation and credit card fees, British tourists also named the "single-person supplement" as an unnecessary fee. The single supplement is a travel fee charged to solo travellers when they take a room alone and can range from 10 to 100 percent of the accommodation rate. "Rather than optional extras, these costs are essential for consumers to experience the journey they expect," the travel experts explained. This fee can only be avoided by travelling with another person so holidaymakers should try to organise trips with friends or family members to avoid the cost. READ MORE: Taiwan will pay tourists to visit - full details  Travel experts at Responsibletravel said that there are ways holidaymakers can avoid the extra charge including "joining a small group tour", as all travellers are charged the same, or "booking a bed, not a room". "There is one tried and tested way to avoid paying a solo supplement, of course – stay in a hostel. You’re being charged for the bed, not the whole dorm, so prices are fixed per person," they explained. Avoid "shelling out big bucks for baggage", the travel expert recommended. Some airlines have recently made changes to their hand luggage allowance meaning travellers need to pay more for additional bags. Some travel operators charge £40 each way for hand luggage while hold luggage can cost between £12 to £110 per bag.  On top of that, holidaymakers can face extra fees for excess and overweight baggage, which can "add substantially to the final bill". Although charges vary greatly depending on destination and departure date, travellers are advised to use some clever packing methods which can help them carry more while saving money on their next holiday. "Opt for no reservation over seat reservation." While booking a flight, travellers often spend extra to sit with their family and friends or for extra leg room. Short-haul airlines often charge passengers to reserve seats together, "which can vary from a couple of pounds to over £50 per seat each way," the experts explained. To save money, passengers should never pick specific seats when booking flights, but let the airline allocate them randomly. When booking a flight for more than one person, the site will most likely automatically allocate two seats together at no extra cost. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' "Swerve soaring car hire and parking fees," said the travel experts, after a global shortage in hire cars saw rental rates soar last summer. On top of this, parking charges at some airports increased by 128 percent last year. Therefore, it is key that travellers reconsider "how they are getting to and from the airport or whether they are able to take their own vehicle on holiday in a bid to save money". Director of Discover Ferries, Abby Penlington, commented: “In the current climate value for money has never been more important, while people understand the need for price increases, it is the unexpected charges that make travellers baulk. We wanted to see where British travellers feel they are being exploited in a bid to help them find the best value breaks and stretch holiday budgets further." The travel expert explained that taking the ferry to go on holiday will save Britons hundreds of pounds. She explained: “Luggage handling fees are evidently the biggest bugbear but for ferry passengers travelling in their own vehicle, the term fill your boots is never truer. Of course, taking your own vehicle also means you have the freedom to explore your destination without the added fees of car rental or airport parking. "Furthermore, there is no concern over being charged to sit together during the journey, the space on board enables passengers to stretch their legs, grab a bite to eat and relax as a group. "Travelling by ferry means passengers can avoid the top rip-offs and reduce their spend on journeys to popular locations including France, Spain, the Netherlands, Ireland, Scotland and British Islands,” the expert added.