Mercedes principal Toto Wolff has explained exactly what Lewis Hamilton 'doesn't want' from his new contract. The constructor launched their W14 model on Wednesday and Wolff was asked about how contract talks were going with the seven-time world champion. "The talks have always been going okay, I've think we've done it three times now," said Wolff talking to Sky Sports. "We are just changing a sentence, a word or a number here or there. All is going to be good." The interviewer then joked 'you could change a zero'. In reply Wolff added: "He wouldn't want to have a zero less." Last year Hamilton claimed that he intended to stay with Mercedes for the rest of his career resulting in a more relaxed negotiation this winter. The feeling seems mutual as Wolff insisted last year that the Silver Arrows star was "much more than a driver” to the German manufacturer who has its F1 base in Brackley. The team principal also suggested last year that Hamilton's new contract could also include details about his post-driving future with the team, which could include an ambassadorial role. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton left perplexed after Toto Wolff pinches his shoes at Mercedes car launch   Wolff went into greater details about Hamilton's new contract with Autosport, who he told: “We’ve done a few of these contracts in the past, and they change little from iteration to iteration, so it’s not usually complex apart from the obvious terms. We’ve had a first chat. But I don’t want to commit to any timeline, because it’s not important for him nor for us at that stage. It runs a full year, and we’re going to find the right time.” Hamilton has been with the Silver Arrows since switching from McLaren in 2013 and has won six of his seven world titles with the manufacturer. Wolff is confident that the British star wants to continue his career with his team.  He added: "We’ve always found good solutions that reflect his value for the team and for the sport, and on the other side, I think Mercedes is the place he wants to be. These things have never been a contentious point. "Within us, it was no problem to sort things out over the winter before actually going racing, because it was always clear they were going to do that. It’s almost not like a first priority in sitting down, because this is going to be a journey that will continue.” 