Arsenal star Martin Odegaard admits Mikel Arteta's passion can get the better of him. Arteta has faced criticism for his touchline behaviour and his skipper concedes he can be "crazy" at times. Arsenal are flying this season in the Premier League. They are five points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table, with a game in hand. Arteta has been credited for a huge turnaround in fortunes for the Gunners, who missed out on Champions League qualification on the final day last term. He spent wisely in the transfer market and has built an exciting young side who have won 16 of their 20 league games so far. However, there have been strong comments from the likes of Richard Keys and Gary Neville, who have hit out at Arteta's behaviour during matches. Keys in particular has regularly pointed out when Arteta has ventured out of his technical area and close to the pitch. READ MORE: Odegaard makes Arsenal vow as Gunners star fires message to Man City  The Spaniard's passion for winning is undoubted. But the likes of Keys think it sometimes goes too far. Odegaard admits there is a "crazy" side to Arteta. Speaking to The Players' Tribune, the Norwegian said: "He is next level. "It's hard to explain. He’s passionate, he’s intense and sometimes, yeah, he’s a bit crazy … but when he speaks, you understand that whatever he says will happen, will happen." Odegaard was first signed by Arteta in January 2021 on a loan deal from Real Madrid. He has since joined on a permanent deal and been made club captain. DON'T MISSMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawlMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawLeeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as option to replace Marsch  The midfielder has opened up on how he was convinced to move to the Emirates by Arteta. He added: "This little memory in the back of my mind just flashed up the second my agent mentioned that Arsenal were interested. It just felt right. "I spoke to Mikel Arteta on a Zoom call and he told me all about the project. At the time, Arsenal were not doing well. They were way down like 15th in the table, but that meeting … Honestly, I challenge anyone to come away from a meeting with Arteta and not believe everything he tells you. "He told me his plan, everything he was building towards. He knew exactly what needed to change at the club. He told me all about these amazing young players in the squad - Saka, Martinelli, Smith Rowe, etc., etc. "He told me how he wanted me to fit in and how I was going to improve. I got this strong feeling that he was onto something really special."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here