Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has lifted the lid on meeting with the club's board and owner Todd Boehly, admitting they are "frustrated" at the club's poor run of form. The Blues boss also aimed a dig at Thomas Tuchel after revealing his players had complained about pre-season preparations. The under-fire boss heads into Sunday's clash with Tottenham knowing that a defeat would pile the pressure on both himself and his players, having won just two of their last 14 games in the Premier League. The board have stood by the 48-year-old despite the Blues collecting their worst points at this stage of a season since 1995 and are not considering sacking Potter just yet, with the ex-Brighton coach only five months into his reign. And the 48-year-old is confident that after speaking with owner Todd Boehly and the other members of the board, he retains their support - even joking that he had been late to his press conference because of "crisis" talks, with a sarcastic nod to certain reports that the club had held an emergency meeting over his future. READ MORE: Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of Tottenham game "I've spoken to them. It’s the same as always. There’s always been support," Potter said in a news conference on Friday, when asked about the club's backing. "I've been under pressure for four months, [Their support] continues. They've been great. They see where we're at, but are frustrated because we have to do better." Potter was also asked to address his feelings towards the club's fanbase after they were booed off against Southampton following their dreadful display in the 1-0 home defeat against the Premier League's bottom club. DON'T MISSTodd Boehly 'spying' on Graham Potter and Chelsea coachesChelsea chief Todd Boehly could sting rivals twice if Mourinho returnsThomas Tuchel could sign four Chelsea stars if he completes PSG return "When you lose to the bottom side and you are Chelsea it's completely OK [to be criticised]," he added. "Results haven't been good enough. [The fans] are entitled to be angry." Potter, who also confirmed Cesar Azpiliicueta would not be available for the crunch clash with Spurs at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Sunday, aimed a thinly-veiled jab in the direction of his predecessor Tuchel. The German coach was sacked in September, a decision that proved to be unpopular with the fanbase amid reports of player unrest and a disagreement with the board over their shared vision for the club's future. Only this week, Timo Werner - now back at RB Leipzig - criticised his compatriot for forcing him out of the club. And Potter joined in with a dig aimed squarely at the ex-Chelsea boss, revealing that some of his players had explained how poor pre-season preparations left them on the backfoot heading into the campaign. "Speaking to a few of the experienced guys, they said it was the worst pre-season they've had. Organisationally, the tour didn't work as well as they'd like. I wasn't there so I can't say," Potter said. Chelsea can cut the gap to eight points with a game in hand if they beat Spurs on Sunday. But another defeat would surely bring an end to their hopes of finishing in the top four and perhaps even cast doubt on their European aspirations overall. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.