Sir Rod Stewart 78, will not be attending or performing at the King's Coronation concert in May as he plans to be in Las Vegas for his Caesar's Palace residency. Meanwhile, his model wife Penny Lancaster, 51, will be working on duty at the event as a special constable. The concert on the grounds of Windsor Castle on Sunday, May 7, the day after the coronation itself is held at Westminster Abbey, will bring together "musical icons and contemporary stars". However, Sir Rod, who was knighted in 2016, won't be in attendance. Speaking to Daily Mirror, Rod said: “I think I have worn out my royal welcome. I think I will leave it to someone else. I will be in Las Vegas. "But my wife will be on duty as a policewoman though." READ MORE: CBeebies star Sarah-Jane Honeywell, 49, strips for topless photo Penny completed her training to become a special police constable for the City of London Police in April 2021. She was on duty for the Queen's state funeral last September, at the barriers near Queen Victoria's Memorial outside the Palace. Although the list of performers for the concert is yet to be shared, Sir Rod speculated that Sir Paul McCartney would be playing. He added: “Paul McCartney is going to do it, I know that. That is all I know.” This week members of the public were invited to apply for free Coronation concert tickets, to be allocated based on where they live, with 5,000 pairs of tickets up for grabs. The ballot will be open until the end of this month. A 74-piece orchestra comprising the Massed Bands of the Household Division will lead the festivities, joined by the Countess of Wessex's String Orchestra. It comes as the pop legend left a sweet remark on his son Liam’s latest Instagram post as the hockey player shared previously unseen moments with his gorgeous family. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson takes aim at The Beatles' ‘just plain awful' songs (PHOTOS)Ulrika Jonsson slams DiCaprio’s ‘sickening fling’ with 19-year-old (NEWS)Liz Hurley struggles to contain assets in plunging white bikini (LATEST) In the photo, Liam, who recently announced he is expecting his first child with his partner, posed with his dad and younger half-siblings Renee Stewart, 30, Alastair 18, and Aiden, 12. Rod looked smart in grey suit trousers paired with a matching waistcoat, as he relaxed on the sofa with his brood. The father of eight commented on the post with love hearts, showing how much his children mean to him. His fans swooned over the blended family setup as they took to the comments. lindabeard51 remarked: “You have a beautiful family.” stevenfernande said: “The vibes are pretty strong here.” rozshearer typed: “Love this, seeing you all together.” Renee and Liam are the children of Sir Rod from his second marriage to model Rachel Hunter. While Aiden and Alastair’s mum is Penny Lancaster. The rock star is also father to Sarah Streeter, 60, Kimberley Stewart, 44, Sean Stewart, 43 and Ruby Stewart, 35.