Jeremy Hunt is being criticised over pension rules which experts believe disincentives a much-needed boost to older worker productivity. This comes ahead of Mr Hunt’s Spring Budget which will likely address concerns over people retiring too early and the impact on pensions. However, retirement analysts are citing existing pension rule as contributing to the problem as Britons are losing out on £6,000 a year due to a reduction in a pension allowance. Specifically, the “perverse” pension legislation in question is in reference to the Money Purchase Annual Allowance (MPAA). The MPAA is a specific restriction on the amount someone can pay into their pension while still getting tax relief. An individual’s MPAA comes into effect once they start to access their pension pot for the first time and replaces the annual allowance. Every Briton has an annual allowance which restricts how much they can pay into their pension pot each year. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Currently, the annual pension allowance for this tax year comes to £40,000 for each taxpayer. This includes all of someone’s contributions, tax relief and employer contributions across their pension arrangements. However, after they have started to take money from their retirement pot, this annual allowance is replaced by the MPAA. As it stands, this particular allowance is only a tenth as big as the annual allowance and was originally set at £10,000 but has been reduced to £4,000. This means that older Britons are missing out an extra £6,000 in retirement savings they would have otherwise been entitled to only a couple of months before. Originally, the MPAA was set up to prevent people from attempting to avoid tax on current earnings or acquire double tax relief through withdrawing pension savings and then paying them immediately back in again. The allowance is applied differently depending on the tax year, with the MPAA only being applied to contributions someone makes to their pot after the data is triggered in the first tax year that the pension is drawn. Following this, all contributions will be covered by the allowance in every other tax year after the first. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Jon Greer, the head of retirement policy at Quilter, believes the MPAA needs to be addressed in order for Jeremy Hunt to tackle the issue of early retirees. He explained: “It is notable once again that the UK’s declining economic activity rate has been highlighted in this latest data set. “Those aged 50 to 64 have been particularly in focus in recent months, having previously been cited as contributing to the decline. “This has not gone unnoticed by the Chancellor who is looking to crack the UK’s productivity puzzle by incentivising older people to return to the workforce. “He would do well in his upcoming Spring Budget to look at the perverse pension legislation that disincentivises people returning to work, such as the Money Purchase Annual Allowance.” The pensions expert emphasised why the allowance should be raised to its previous level in order for pensioners to receive a £6,000 retirement boost. Mr Greer added: “Under current legislation, any individual who accesses their pension flexibly triggers the MPAA, with the effect of reducing their annual allowance from £40,000 to £4,000 and thereby limiting their capacity to save into a pension once they return to work. “This provides a clear disincentive for older people to go back to work. The MPAA should be restored to the pre-2017 level of £10,000 per annum which would alleviate the risk of hitting the MPAA for most people.”