Both Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and Sir Jim Ratcliffe both believe keeping Marcus Rashford should be the No 1 priority for Manchester United, according to reports. Both men recently made bids to purchase the club. However, a full takeover is far from guaranteed with the Glazers split over whether to sell. Rashford has been in electric form for United this season, having bounced back from the woes of last term under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. The England international has netted 24 goals across all competitions, more than any other player at the club. Recently, it emerged that both Sheikh Jassim and Ratcliffe had made bids for United at a time where the Glazers are open to a potential sale. And journalist Ben Jacobs, speaking to TeamTalk, has claimed both men want to keep Rashford at the club. “Everything is heading in the direction that Marcus Rashford and Manchester United will agree a new long-term deal, because Rashford doesn’t want to leave United with the project heading in this direction and suddenly there appears stability on the football side success on the football side,” he said. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “And let’s not forget that there’s going to very possibly be a new Manchester United owner or investor coming in as well. “So it’s all in Manchester United’s control. And what keeps it in their control is also the fact that regardless of any possible new owner, United have budgeted to extend Rashford under the Glazers, so they don’t have to wait and see who comes into the club, in order to tie Rashford down. “They can be working on this, even if a new ownership group or investor is delayed in terms of when they and their money come into the football club. “And on top of that every single group that I talked to that is in the running for Manchester United, particularly the two public ones Sheikh Jassim of Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe of Ineos, sources close to both groups make it clear that keeping Rashford is pretty much as far as in house priorities, their number one priority. “So everyone’s on the same page here, the Glazers, Erik ten Hag and prospective new owners. They all want to tie Rashford down.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And Jacobs also claims Rashford wants to stay at United and isn’t eyeing a move away. “From Rashford ‘s point of view, I don’t think that he, from what I understand, has a particular desire now to leave Manchester United,” he continued. “The Rashford perspective will obviously just be to get the best possible deal on the right terms, and possibly some kind of clauses, allowing him to leave within a long-term deal, if the project does change direction, and that’s very normal for a top player to want things like a lack of Champions League exit clause, because Rashford isn’t 21, he’s 25. “So if he signs let’s just say a four or five-year deal, then if he’s in red hot form, and Manchester United aren’t two, three years down the line, he could still have another big move. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And, therefore, a lot of this will be about Rashford, pushing for terms, both financially but also flexible terms that allow him to extend his stay at Manchester United, but still have that ability to look elsewhere in the future.” Speaking recently, Erik ten Hag also made it clear how much he wanted Rashford to stay. "Of course [Rashford's new contract] is a priority," said the 53-year-old. "We are working on that, just sit and wait, but in the background we work hard. Of course [we have to keep him]. "I think the team is in a good place and Marcus is definitely in a good place. “We are happy with his performances. He is in such good form. You can keep that if you keep the right energy and put the right investment in. "Every game you have to take it as a new game. And you know at the moment that when Marcus comes into the position that he will score. "When he is happy it gives him energy and a positive mood and then the goals will come. He has such great skills to score goals. "I don't know [if he wasn't happy last season]. On the first day I met him, I told him 'I want to see your smile, I want to see your teeth and then it is OK'. “We see it often and I think he is in a happy place and the whole dressing room is in a happy place and I think it is good."