Chelsea manager Graham Potter handed debuts to British record signing Enzo Fernandez and promising youngster Noni Madueke on Friday, but it wasn't enough to stop Marco Silva's gritty Fulham side coming away from Stamford Bridge with a hard-earned Premier League point. After an intriguing goalless draw, Express Sport takes you through the Blues' four most disappointing players on the night... Following an exciting cameo against Liverpool at Anfield, Chelsea fans had two long weeks to wait before seeing the Ukrainian back in action. Mudryk showed directness, pace and quick feet against the Reds but none of those attributes were on display this time around. The £88million signing was handed a full debut by Graham Potter but he didn't make it count, finishing the first half without a shot, chance created or successful take-on. Mudryk was withdrawn at the interval, although it's not yet clear whether the change was tactical or due to a knock. JUST IN: Arsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugular Pressure has ramped up on the German to produce results up top with Joao Felix set to come back into the fold next week following a three-match suspension. Coming through with Bayer Leverkusen in a variety of positions, including central midfield and out wide, Havertz has often lacked potency in attack. That was the case again on Friday as the 23-year-old missed a sequence of decent chances and produced a sloppy display on the whole. Things could get even trickier for Havertz come the end of the season, with big things expected of striker Armando Broja once he returns from injury. DON'T MISS...Arsenal have Jorginho issue they wouldn't suffer with Caicedo or RiceMan Utd break silence on Mason Greenwood with 31-word statementChelsea's best XI after eight signings in wild January transfer window The Spaniard has faced his fair share of criticism since completing a big-money move from Brighton during the summer. Given his effectiveness on the south coast, where he worked under Potter, many expected him to take his game to the next level with higher-quality players around him at Stamford Bridge. Cucurella still appears to be struggling for confidence, however, and he was nowhere near as impactful from left-back as Reece James was from the opposite flank. From a defensive standpoint, his Fulham opponent, Bobby Decordova-Reid, was heavily involved for the Cottagers due to the Chelsea full-back's inability to keep him quiet. Eyebrows were raised when the Moroccan was named in the starting XI on Friday, given he was in France to seal a move to Paris Saint-Germain on Deadline Day. The move supposedly fell through because Chelsea repeatedly sent the incorrect paperwork, leaving Ziyech and the Parisians distraught. Struggles for game time could be on the horizon for the 29-year-old due to a raft of new arrivals in west London, and he failed to put on a display to change that against the Cottagers, blending into the background of a lacklustre attacking trio that Potter was forced to change around after the break.