The Princess of Wales shared a deeply personal picture showing herself as a baby. In the photograph, taken by her mother Carole Middelton, baby Kate can be seen smiling happily while playing with the face of her father Michael, who holds her with his hands. The snap was accompanied by a message in which the Princess invited her social media followers to share pictures of themselves before their fifth birthday as well as to discuss with their friends and loved ones their early years. The tweets, which she signed off with her name's initial, C, read: "'Faces are a baby's best toy'. "On Tuesday we launched #ShapingUs to raise awareness of the vital role our early years play in shaping the rest of our lives. "This weekend, we’d love for you all to spend time with your friends, families, colleagues and communities talking about your early childhoods and how they’ve shaped your lives. "I hope you’ll also consider joining me in sharing a picture of yourselves before your fifth birthday to help with those conversations and to share some smiles and memories too." The message was welcomed by many social media users, who promptly shared their own pictures as babies. Others noted just how much Prince Louis, the Prince and Princess of Wales' younger child, look like his mother. Twitter user Anne (@ttokinami) wrote: "Catherine and Louis are twins!" A Twitter user with the nickname Countess (@Countesschecks) wrote: "Aww that’s Louis right there". READ MORE: Prince Harry frustrated 'no apology to Meghan has been made' Similarly, Rowan Marie (@Marie33Rowan) added: "Louis is that you???" Kate's personal tweets come just days after she launched a new campaign part of her legacy-making work on early childhood development. Called Shaping Us, the initiative aims at further deepening the understanding Britons have of the importance of experiences and teaching lived through in the first five years in the life of children for their future health and happiness. The launch of Shaping Us was accompanied by the release of a 90-claymation film showing the first years of a child called Layla. The baby can be seen being cuddled, talked to, playing with toys, going to nursery school and making new friends before her fifth birthday. Later this week, Kensington Palace released another video showing Kate visiting a school in Bethnal Green, London, to meet a few children aged under five and watch the short film with them. She later discussed with the adorable boys and girls some of the issues raised by the film, including the importance of caring adults for the development of children. The launch of Shaping Us was further promoted with an official visit to Leeds, where Kate discussesd the importance of the early years with locals, business people and students as well as with clips in which she was joined by A-listers. One, released on Friday, showed an intimate conversation between the Princess and mental health campaigner Roman Kemp.