Police officers investigating the disappearance of Nicola Bulley have been handed a stained glove found in a field where the mum-of-two was last seen. The blue ski glove was taken away in an evidence bag last week in what could represent a dramatic twist to the case.  Two walkers came across the glove which was yards from where Ms Bulley was last seen and near where her mobile phone was found on a bench, according to The Sun. The item was bagged up and handed in to the police. A video of the find was posted on TikTok, but it has been deleted since. The person who shared the footage also said the covering was stained, although it was not made clear with what.    Meanwhile, friends and neighbours of the missing mortgage adviser, who disappeared more than a fortnight ago, have not given up hope she will be found. Well-wishers on Monday continued to leave hand-written "messages of hope" the 45-year-old will be found unharmed in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire, where she vanished on January 27 while walking her dog, Willow. The messages, which first appeared on flower-shaped ribbons on Sunday, have been attached to a bridge over the River Wyre in the village. Newly-left messages say "Hope is the last thing ever lost" and "Nikki, I love you, come home". READ ABOUT A SIGNIFICANT TEXT NICOLA BULLEY'S FRIEND RECEIVED  Lancashire Constabulary believes Ms Bulley fell into the River Wyre "in a 10-minute window" while out with Willow on their usual morning walk after dropping her daughters - Harriet and Sophia - at school. Ms Bulley had logged into a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am, which ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected to the call. She was seen by another dog walker at 9.10am - the last known sighting - and police traced telephony records of her mobile phone as it remained on a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am. The device was found by a dog walker at around 9.35am, with Willow nearby. The force says it does not think she came to any harm.  DON'T MISS: The eight controversial details of King Charles's Coronation [REVEALED] Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' [REPORT] Meghan savaged Kate's wedding as being like dream for 'little girls' [LATEST] Lancashire Police has said officers are keeping an "open mind" while continuing to appeal for information about Ms Bulley. The force's search has been aided by specialists and divers from HM Coastguard, mountain rescue, Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service, sniffer dogs, drones and police helicopters. Police have ruled out foul play and have been treating the incident as a missing person inquiry. On Thursday, the focus of their search switched from St Michael's to around 10 miles downstream where the river empties into the sea at Morecambe Bay, with patrol and rescue boats spotted in the area.  The partner of Ms Bulley said last week it has always been his "gut instinct" she is not in the river. Speaking to 5 News presenter Dan Walker, Paul Ansell said he wanted to keep "all options open" about her disappearance. He said: "We've always been very careful that we don't want to say, 'Oh, we think it's that', and then push that when it might not be. "The most obvious thing, of courset, has always been the river. It's always been my gut instinct and her sister's, and family that that isn't the case. "Extensive searching, as you know... has gone on in that river." 