Luba has competed twice in Strictly Come Dancing, remaining as a support dancer in other series. Despite the fact she hasn't competed every year, the Russian choreographer has still managed to make an expansive group of friends on the BBC show and speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she paid tribute to a former contestant who she labelled "the most wonderful human".    At the moment, Luba, 33, is taking part in the Strictly tour alongside co-stars old and new. When asked who she keeps in touch with, Luba listed off the celebs and fellow dancers she frequently speaks to, but explained there were "so many" she's friends with. "I always see Jason Bell," she replied. Jason was Luba's latest dance partner, having been paired with her in 2018. She added: "We always meet for dinner and catch up. And Judge Rinder, Michelle Visage, I speak to her every day... READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' "Rose [Ayling-Ellis], she's my best friend. So yeah, many of them - many of them." The dancer continued: "But of course, with their jobs and our jobs it's really hard to meet a lot. "We do catch up and you know, see how everybody's doing. "For example, Judge [Rob] Rinder, obviously, he was not dancing with me but I think he's the most wonderful human I've met." Paying tribute to the TV judge, she continued: "And you know, I love seeing him. "Of course, he's busy and doesn't have much time to meet but we will always speak on the phone or messages. "And we will meet at all the events and yeah, it's a privilege." Addressing the rest of her Strictly family she added: "But I do love all of them. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Gabby Thomas mortified as failed plan threatens her future [SPOILER]GMB host forced to step in as fiery row breaks out over Crown Jewels [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [LATEST] "I am just always really surprised how people don't want to believe that. "But it's true because we truly are a family - when we say we are strictly family we are." She also remarked: "I'm very close to Karen [Hauer] obviously, she's my wife," Luba remarked. "Not officially, you know, she's my best friend and I love her to bits." Luba was partnered with athlete James Cracknell in 2017, but the pair were sadly eliminated in the first week. Unfortunately, Luba has been snubbed from being partnered with a celebrity since. She explained how she "would love" to be partnered in this year's show. "Everything is crossed that next year will be my year!" she exclaimed.