Manchester United bosses are reportedly prepared to reject Erik ten Hag's wish of signing another 'significant' midfielder this summer if the club fail to raise funds through player sales. Ten Hag has United fans believing once again after ending the club's barren trophy run in the Carabao Cup final at the weekend. United came out 2-0 winners over Newcastle with Ten Hag's side dominating from start to finish. Casemiro and Marcus Rashford - two players who have summed up Ten Hag's debut season in charge perfectly - grabbed the goals. The Brazilian midfielder's arrival last summer for a huge fee from Real Madrid originally raised some eyebrows given his age, but he's been a huge hit at Old Trafford. Meanwhile, Rashford is in the form of his life and is being called the most in-form striker in all of Europe. With United still battling on all other fronts, even more silverware could be on its way to Old Trafford this season. They're one of the strong favourites to win the Europa League after coming through a difficult test against Barcelona and will fancy their chances in the FA Cup.  There will also be faint hopes of a Premier League title push with both Arsenal and Manchester City dropping points in recent weeks. The good mood around Old Trafford at the moment will be music to Ten Hag's ears and he'll want to keep that momentum going into next season with further investment on his playing squad. According to the Manchester Evening News, Ten Hag's main wish is to make a move for another marquee midfielder to partner alongside Casemiro. Fred has enjoyed arguably his best spell in a United shirt under Ten Hag, but it appears the Dutchman wants to make one more change.  Frenkie de Jong and Jude Bellingham are named as the kind of targets Ten Hag is looking for. However, United's board reportedly regard the signing of a striker as a bigger priority. It's said that Ten Hag will only get his wish of a midfielder joining if the club are able to raise funds through player sales. Harry Maguire, Alex Telles and Anthony Martial are said to be in a group of players that United hope can help them raise some money. 