Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, caused a stir after being spotted sitting close to Israeli model Eden Polani, 19, who is almost 30 years his junior. Many have taken to social media to share their views, with comedian Katherine Ryan, 39, sharing her distaste of Leo's tendency to date younger women on Twitter. Sources close to Leonardo have since denied the new romance, following the online backlash since the picture surfaced. Katherine had previously taken to Twitter to weigh in on Leonardo's romances, branding his dating pattern "creepy". Dr Charlotte Proudman wrote: "Not enough people are talking about Leonardo DiCaprio who is almost 50 — and 'getting close' to a 19-year-old teenage girl." Katherine replied in view of her 782,500 followers: "This is literally all I’ve talked about for SEVEN YEARS." Many social media users rushed to the comments to ask the comedian for more details about her opinion on Leonardo's supposed dating preferences. READ MORE: Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss Caitlin Moran commented: "I feel like he has Titanic trauma. He's dating women like he's still the age he was when he shot it, and he's ALWAYS on holiday on a yacht. Dude needs some EMDR." Katherine replied: "This year Titanic became too old for Leonardo DiCaprio to be in it." While Clodagh14419271 asked: "They are both adults. What's the crime?" Katherine said: "No crime, just a creepy pattern!" She also wrote on Twitter in a separate post: "I was just googling and I actually think I've been s******g him off for nearly a decade." Katherine also re-shared a social media user's message which read: "The power dynamic of his age, his wealth, and his fame over a 19-year-old girl are actually repulsive." The internet went wild when photos surfaced of the Hollywood actor sitting with the 19-year-old model. Despite the online speculation, sources close to Leo have since confirmed to TMZ that the pair are "not dating and not a couple whatsoever". DON'T MISS... Happy Valley's James Norton and Rhys Connah pay tribute to castmates [PICS] Scott Alexander dies as America's Got Talent star suffers stroke [DEATH] Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [HOLLYWOOD] The source said that Leo just "happened to have been seated" next to the young model, and that the duo were simply hanging in the same group at the party. TMZ reported the source to say: "Just because Leo might be talking to or sitting with a girl doesn't mean he's dating her." Seemingly missing from the event was Leo's reported current girlfriend Victoria Lamas, 23, who is 25 years his junior and almost half his age. It is unclear if Leo is still in a relationship with Victoria, as he was last seen in public with the model back in late December. His latest string of short flings follows his August 2022 breakup with the model Camila Morrone, whom he had been dating for four years. They were reported to be more serious than ever at the start of the coronavirus pandemic but split over last summer. He was then pictured getting close with Gigi Hadid in September, with the model appearing to mark the first time he had dated a woman older than 25. Leo famously dated Gisele Bundchen for five years starting when she was 18, then dated Bar Refaeli before splitting when she hit 25.