Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been accused of being "disruptive" and "in it for their own agenda" as King Charles is said to be in talks to give his own tell-all interview. Nile Gardiner spoke to GB News to say Prince William is right to be cautious about the couple's attendance at the coronation, however, his father Charles reportedly would be willing to make concessions to have his whole family at the event. There are allegations that Charles may give an in-depth interview to share his side of the story, following Harry and Meghan's Netflix documentary series and the publication of Harry's memoir Spare. Reports suggest that while the King wishes for the Sussexes to attend his coronation in May, William is concerned his brother may use it as an opportunity for a "stunt". Charles is said to be of the opinion that their absence would be more conspicuous than their presence, according to the Mail on Sunday. Nile Gardiner, former aide to Margaret Thatcher and commentator, told Dan Wootton on GB News: "Prince William's instincts are fundamentally right on this, that he really fears that Harry and Meghan will basically be disruptive if they come over to the United Kingdom.  "They have a long track record of briefing against the Royal Family, they will private conversations in order to sell books. "They are in it for their own agenda, in fact I would describe them as high level extortionists in many respects, making extraordinary demands of the Royal Family. "They are in no position whatsoever to be making any demands at all, they should really be cast into the wilderness frankly. "They should have no future role within the British monarchy at all."  READ MORE: Meghan 'closest relationship' could be ruptured - claims According to the Daily Mirror, the BBC are allegedly in discussions with Buckingham Palace over an interview with King Charles about his plans for the monarchy. He may use the opportunity to address the claims made by Harry in his autobiography and attempt to mend the fraught relationships in his family. The BBC have yet to comment on these reports.  DON'T MISS:Anti-Brexit campaigner removed from BBC studio for heckling Rees-Mogg [LATEST]Police search ‘abandoned’ house near where missing mum’s phone found [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry's brand founded on 'never-ending family misery'  [SPOTLIGHT] Jonathan Dimbleby is being tipped to host the conversation, after Charles gave an interview to him nearly 30 years ago where he admitted he had been unfaithful to Princess Diana while they were married. It has also been claimed that the King has asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to help reach an agreement with Meghan and Harry for them to attend the coronation on May 6. 