Commercials during the Super Bowl set companies back an average of $7million, with over 150 million tuning in to watch the big game. There have been some memorable ads from over the years, but some of them are not for the right reasons. The aim of a commercial is to entice a viewer to buy a certain product, and some companies go to extreme lengths to ensure their ad stands out. But sometimes they get this horribly wrong, and many commercials have been banned as a result. Long gone are the days where a salesman will simply try and sell his product, as now commercials often act as 30-second short films, usually with a strong message intended. However, these messages aren't always received as intended, and it's landed some companies in hot water. Here, Express Sport take a look at six memorable Super Bowl ads that were banned. After having an advert for their dating site rejected in 2009, Ashley Madison attempted to try again in 2011, although their efforts were knocked back again. The site tried to market their service at those actively looking to cheat on their partners, with the 'Life is short, have an affair' slogan. This is one of the reasons why it was banned by FOX, but also because the ad featured adult film star Savanna Samson. The provocative ad which encouraged adultery stood no chance during the Super Bowl. JesushatesObama.com was an actual website, one that sold merchandise stating exactly that while he was president. While some American broadcasters are not shy about slamming whoever is in power, even this commercial was too far in 2011. The ad showed two figurines at an office desk, one being Obama and one being Jesus. Obama seemed to be annoying Jesus in the commercial, until he hell face first into a fish bowl, to which then brought a smile out of the religious figure. The People For The Ethical Treatment Of Animals are often keen to push the boundaries in a bid to restrict meat consumption, and there is no better time for this than during the Super Bowl. With so many fast food ads being aired, they tried to level the playing field. But their attempt at bringing down KFC was rejected, as they released a short ad that showed the Colonel watching on while his 'army' kicked chickens in a dirty ranch. It was of course a parody re-enactment, and stood no chance of making it to air. With the Super Bowl being one of the sporting events of the year, viewers are usually in a great mood, and commercials are usually picked to match the vibe. But Nationwide insurance clearly missed the memo, as they aired a commercial of a child being killed. The ad was meant to be powerful and impactful, but instead left viewers horrified. It was aimed at families wanting to cover their loved ones, but it wasn't the right time or place. In 2009 the PETA saw another ad get rejected, as they tried to put out a message that vegetarians enjoy better sex than those who eat meat. The banned commercial showed women wearing lingerie, while performing acts on vegetables. The debate over gun laws continue in the United States, and in 2013 a commercial was banned as it pushed a pro-gun agenda. Danny Defense tried to run the ad which pushed a narrative that men shouldn't be judged for protecting their families.