  On Tuesday Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands celebrated her 85th birthday with a series of new portraits to represent the past, present and future of the country’s monarchy. The former Queen released portraits with her eldest son and successor, King Willem-Alexander and the heir to the throne, Princess Catharina-Amalia.    On Twitter, the Netherlands’ official royal house account posted the portraits and said Princess Beatrix had released portraits to mark the occasion with the King and Princess of Orange. Dutch officials, such as the Netherlands’ Chief of Defense, Onno Eichelsheim, congratulated the princess and wished her a happy birthday. Many royal fans took to social media to express their well wishes, and one user said: “Congratulations Princess Beatrix! Blessings and health for your new year.” Another fan wrote: “Congratulations Your Majesty” and said they were happy that the Netherlands had marked the occasion by playing the national anthem on their public broadcasting channel.  Princess Beatrix’s 85th birthday marks the tenth anniversary since she stepped down as the Netherlands’ Queen in 2013. At the time, Princess Beatrix said it was time to "place the responsibility for the country in the hands of a new generation." The former monarch had ruled the Netherlands for 33 years and inherited the throne in 1980 when her own mother, Queen Juliana abdicated. The Prime Minister at the time, Mark Rutte paid Princess Beatrix tribute following her abdication and said: "Since her investiture in 1980, she has applied herself heart and soul to Dutch society." READ MORE: Kate Middleton's sweet response to a fan that nervously asked for pic  Her son, King Willem-Alexander, became the first male monarch of the Netherlands in over a hundred years, and upon his succession, at age 46 he was Europe’s youngest monarch. The crowning of King Felipe VI of Spain now makes King Willem-Alexander the second youngest monarch by a few months, as both monarchs are the same age at age 55. Princess Catharina-Amalia, the heir to the Dutch throne, is 19 years old and began her first public engagements outside of the Netherlands in 2022, when she attended the birthday of Princess Ingrid of Norway Princess Catharina-Amalia is currently on a royal tour alongside her parents to visit the Dutch Caribbean Islands, and on the Netherlands’ Royal House website, they state that the goal of the trip is to “introduce the Princess of Orange to the Caribbean part of the Kingdom.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry 'can't be trusted' claims Queen's ex-aide [INSIGHT]James Middleton sends heartfelt thanks to Kate and Pippa [REPORT]Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures [REVEAL]    The Netherlands is one part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, which is comprised of four countries which each have equal status, and Aruba, Curaçao and St Maarten also have King Willem-Alexander as their head of state. The Dutch Royal Family have been praised for not shying away from their colonial past as over the weekend they visited historic slave huts in Witte Pan to learn more about the history of slavery in Bonaire. In the past, King Willem-Alexander has been outspoken about being upfront about the history of the Netherlands and colonialism. Last year, the King retired a controversial royal carriage, called the “Tribute of the Colonies” which depicted images of black people handling produce like coco and sugarcane to white people. In an official video announcing the retirement, King Willem-Alexander said: “We cannot rewrite the past, we can try to accept it together. This also applies to the colonial past.” He added: “As long as there are people living in the Netherlands who feel the pain of discrimination on a daily basis, the past will still cast its shadow over our time.”   