Although making changes to a property is all down to personal taste, some renovation jobs won’t add any value to your property, according to experts. ScS has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to share which improvements Britons should steer clear of. This included freestanding baths as well as gold hardware, which have both become extremely popular. The pros said: “Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers.” Despite having the reputation of being more luxurious, they can take up a lot of space in the room. Homeowners may also need extra room under their floor for additional pipes as well as plumbing work needed for the bath. According to the experts, if these pipes under the bath leak, they can be expensive to replace. READ MORE: I tried Kärcher’s most advanced window vacuum - thoughts Some homeowners may add colour to their homes via feature walls which are down to personal taste, which isn’t always loved by potential buyers. The experts said: “Such creativity isn’t always appreciated by buyers. Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches, or frog tape walls, are all very much to individual taste. “It can make it harder to achieve a sale. You’re far better off sticking to neutral colours.” Neutral colours are best in living rooms and bathrooms, and colours such as white, light grey or beige can often attract buyers. DON'T MISS:Three steps to ensure ‘bigger’ and ‘juicier’ tomatoes this year [COMMENT]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [EXPLAINER] This also goes for gold hardware, which is often personal taste and disliked by lots of people. The pros said that although gold can add a touch of elegance into areas of the home such as in the kitchen or bathroom, it can tarnish unless you get a very high quality. Tarnishing in areas such as the kitchen and bathroom can result in the home looking cheap. It can also be difficult to match gold with other features in the home. Log burners have become increasingly popular in recent years, especially with the rise in energy bills. READ MORE: Bed experts share seven signs you have bed bugs However, they are expensive to run, which means many Britons avoid buying a home with one installed, despite the cosy feeling they give to a room. They also require a lot of fuel to run and homeowners also need somewhere to store the wood for the log burner. The experts continued: “This takes up extra space. There’s also the risk of smoke damage and marking decorated walls, which buyers won’t want to inherit.” Instead, if looking to add value to your home, the experts recommended replacing the radiators, which can add up to £10,000. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The property pros noted: “The heating system is one of the most important parts of any property and upgrading radiators can ensure they emit enough heat to keep the room warm, as well as improving appearance. “Free standing, aluminium radiators are perfect for a stylish, modern upgrade to your heating system. “Black or charcoal coloured radiators not only add a classic and chic element to your living room but are also the advised option as they emit the most heat, which will keep the room at a nice cosy temperature.” Adding features such as neutral decor as well as revamping the floor can also help to add value to your home.