Nolly is about to air on ITVX and the biographical drama stars Helena Bonham Carter as Noele Gordon. Crossroads actress Noele was known and loved for being outspoken and confident, which Helena admired. She spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about how she once struggled to make herself known. Helena's upcoming three-part series tells the story of how Noele Gordon was suddenly fired from Crossroads in the early 80s. She had been at the show's helm ever since it first aired and her sacking sparked public uproar. Still, she took it all in her stride and went on to have a career in theatre before her untimely death. During a question and answer session about the show, Helena was asked about how she found her first years in acting. She said: "I remember going to America for the first time, I was about 19 or 20. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update "I was very young and I just felt so deficient because my legs didn't go on for six years. "I wasn't particularly sexual, I didn't have the right body, I thought there's no career for me here. "And looking back on it I thought, why on Earth was I so fixated on the fact I didn't have the right body? "And for years, there wasn't much, so that's basically why I did costume dramas I think because I thought those are good parts. "That's where the writing is." She admitted she had to win over the hearts of producers in the early days. "One had to suck up to a lot of producers, I'm not going to name names," she added. "Now there are a lot more women producing and making stories which is great." Turning her attention to the Nolly series, the actress said Noele was "quite useful" to have around while she was researching. She said: "She legitimises my bossy side. I have loved having her around. DON'T MISS... Helena Bonham Carter believes Noele Gordon was axed by 'ageist bosses'TV's forgotten queen of the soaps is brought back to lifeHelena Bonham Carter transforms into Crossroads' Nolly "I don't think my family has. She can be... she's got an engine to her. "I honestly didn't know Noele Gordon until I read Russell Davies' script and she came into my life like a life force, and straight from page one. "Crossroads I was aware of but not really, I wasn't much of a follower, but then I read about this woman who just fizzed off the page and it's a sensational piece of writing. "But also she's an extraordinary person, I looked her up on Russell Harty on YouTube thinking hang on, who is this woman? "The night she's sacked she comes on and sings with such a lack of apology and such gumption and fierceness. "I thought wow, we all need a Nolly in us, she told it how it was, she was appallingly badly treated and she said exactly what she felt. "I thought she wasn't going to be bullied and any other person might have crumbled, she didn't. "And when I first spoke to Russell and he said we need to give her a proper send-off, I just love that humanity which inspired him to write it."  Nolly is available to watch on ITVX from February 2