Manchester United's ongoing takeover process has raised concerns over potentially stalling Marcus Rashford's contract extension talks. However, plans are well underway to tie down Europe's form forward to a new long-term deal at Old Trafford in a significant boost for Erik ten Hag. According to The Athletic, initial discussions over Rashford's contract have already occurred, and more are pencilled in. The 25-year-old is viewed as crucial to Ten Hag's future vision amid the most prolific season of his career, scoring 24 goals in 36 games in all competitions. United figures believe Rashford has the makings of becoming one of the club's greatest-ever strikers who could potentially challenge Wayne Rooney's all-time goalscoring record. And the club have already made space for contract renewals within the summer budget in line with Financial Fair Play regulations, which remain the same regardless of the owners. Talks are also progressing with David de Gea, Diogo Dalot and Luke Shaw. United triggered the latter pair's 12-month extensions until 2024, like Rashford, while De Gea must slice his salary or leave for free this summer. JUST IN: Todd Boehly told not to pull trigger on Graham Potter for two reasons Rashford has scored 16 goals in 17 games since the World Cup, more than any player in Europe's major leagues. He has also become the first United player to find the net in seven consecutive home Premier League games since Wayne Rooney in the 2011/12 season. His goals have helped the Red Devils sit just five points behind league leaders Arsenal and three behind Manchester City after 24 games. They have also ensured Ten Hag's side remain the only English club to remain in four competitions, still challenging for the Europa League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup. Rashford can lift his first trophy since 2017 on Sunday when United face Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium. DON'T MISSMarcus Rashford comments speaks volumes as Man Utd star fires warning Ian Wright points finger as Graham Potter woes worsen at ChelseaMan Utd fans think Ten Hag is signing Tielemans after gesture spotted While the Glazers' sale process has caused infectious excitement across United's fanbase, there have been concerns that it would stall Rashford from committing his future to his boyhood club. But his contract situation will be unaffected, with Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani and British businessman Sir Jim Ratcliffe submitting bids last Friday. Plans to secure Rashford's new contract could accelerate in the summer when new owners should be in place, and Rashford can ease his focus on scoring goals during the break. United intend to keep their star man beyond next summer, though and are already moving to ensure they do exactly that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here