Toto Wolff and Christian Horner’s blockbuster fight in Canada will be exposed as Netflix’s Drive to Survive is set to launch. Cameras have caught the dramatic battle in its entirety as the pair locked horns over porpoising concerns. A behind-the-scenes look at the fall-out over Oscar Piastri’s deal, Daniel Ricciardo’s F1 future and Red Bull’s budget cap drama are also highlights of the new show... Last summer, reports emerged that a clash between Toto Wolff and Christian Horner in Montreal had been caught by Netflix cameras. Witnesses claimed that the row was on a "different scale” with Wolff understood to have "lost his s***” at the Red Bull boss. The full fight is featured in the new series and makes for must-watch viewing in season five. The context to the debate is Wolff’s clamour for the FIA to make rules changes to prevent porpoising after Lewis Hamilton struggled with back pain in Baku. However, he faces strict opposition from Horner and Ferrari boss Matia Binotto with the fiery encounter spilling over into the paddock. Oscar Piastri’s decision to ditch Alpine for McLaren was one of the biggest stories of 2022. The two teams fought for the Australian’s services with the FIA’s Contract Recognition Board (CRB) eventually siding with McLaren. However, Szafnauer doesn’t take the news lightly and approaches Brown in the McLaren motorhome. The pair are embroiled in tense talks with Szafnauer even issuing a legal threat which sends Brown into a fury. READ MORE: Christian Horner feels Toto Wolff's rule change was 'not needed' Netflix has dedicated an entire episode to Red Bull’s budget cap saga which took the paddock by storm at the end of last season. The team were later slapped with a financial penalty and a 10 per cent reduction in wind tunnel development for 2023. The show captures a private moment between Binotto and Wolff as the pair discuss how to address their concerns. Horner’s anger is palpable as he relays exclusive details of talks with FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem over the crisis. Ricciardo was axed by McLaren in favour of Piastri over the summer, prompting a shocked reaction from fellow drivers. The show perfectly captures Ricciardo's interactions with other drivers as they find out the news in Belgium. Ricciardo was keen to find a drive until he signed a deal with Red Bull as the team’s reserve driver for 2023 as all options evaporated. However, the show reveals the eight-time race winner could have ended up at either Alpine or Haas with Guenther Steiner admitting the real reason he didn’t make a move for the Aussie. DON'T MISSToto Wolff and Christian Horner can block new teams joining F1 [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff earns more money than 16 drivers but does Horner get more? [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff labels Christian Horner 'obsessed' with huge swipe at rival [COMMENT] Haas opted to ditch Mick Schumacher for Nico Hulkenberg ahead of the final race of the season. However, season five takes an in-depth look at the reasons behind the German’s exit after failing to impress Guenther Steiner and team boss Gene Haas. In typical Steiner style, Schumacher’s future is critiqued from all angles after a series of heavy accidents. A dramatic phone call which reveals what team bosses really thought of the 23-year-old is also featured.