Rishi Sunak’s bid to reach a deal with the EU could see "ministers resign" if Northern Ireland’s place in the UK is jeopardised, a source has claimed. According to reports, there is a "mounting backlash" among Eurosceptic Conservative MPs to any agreement that they think lessens the status of the region in the United Kingdom. It’s understood the Prime Minister spent "several hours" in Parliament meeting with Brexiteers as he tried to confront their misgivings on Monday. Warnings over any change to the North Ireland Protocol bill have been sounded by former Prime Minister Boris Johnson who called any changes a “great mistake”. Current Home Secretary Suella Braverman also said the bill was one of the “biggest tools” the UK had in its talks with Europe. Speaking to The Times a minister said if the Government tried to force through any deal without a vote in Parliament then it would spark a wave of resignations. They said: "The naivety is astonishing, the strategy hasn’t worked. People won’t allow something that doesn’t ensure sovereignty. Ministers will resign. I couldn’t look myself in the eye and vote through something I thought would undermine sovereignty in Northern Ireland." A Downing Street source is reported to have said Northern Ireland’s position in the Union remains one of the PM’s "top priorities". An Ally of Mr Sunak also told the Times: "There isn’t yet a deal to resign over; it’s important people wait." READ MORE: Body found in River Wyre is Nicola Bulley, police confirm in heartbreaking statement Rishi Sunak will hold a Cabinet meeting today (Tuesday) to discuss the bill with colleagues to further head off any revolt. But the Prime Minister is facing up to a potential battle with members of his own party as he seeks to satisfy the demands of both Conservative MPs and Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) over any agreement. The European Research Group (ERG), a band of Eurosceptic Conservative MPs, are expected to meet for talks later on Tuesday even as Downing Street insisted that a final deal had not yet been struck. On Monday, Foreign Secretary James Cleverly and the EU's Maros Sefcovic agreed to hold a face-to-face meeting in the coming days after a "productive" video discussion. Sources in Brussels welcomed the move to schedule in-person talks as a positive step but said a location had not been set. Focus has also turned to the fate of the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, currently stalled in the Lords, which would allow ministers to override parts of the protocol after Boris Johnson called on ministers to press on with legislation enabling them to override parts of the protocol. The intervention by the former Prime Minister, who negotiated the protocol but whose Government also tabled the Bill at Westminster after a unionist outcry at the deal, was a sign that some backbenchers may try to scupper any agreement brokered by Mr Sunak if it fails to address longstanding gripes about the settlement in Northern Ireland. Should Rishi Sunak make changes to the Northern Ireland Protocol? Join the debate in the comments section below Home Secretary Suella Braverman on Monday described the Bill as "one of the biggest tools that we have in solving the problem on the Irish Sea". Ms Braverman, a longstanding Eurosceptic, argued Mr Sunak is right to be "committed to finding a pragmatic solution to resolve these issues". Sir Keir Starmer has urged the Prime Minister to allow the Commons to have its say on any final deal, offering Labour support to secure the approval of any new agreement in the event of any Tory rebellion. It comes as former Northern Ireland secretary Brandon Lewis threw his weight behind calls to reform some of the post-Good Friday Agreement architecture in Northern Ireland, arguing that it was failing to reflect the changed electoral landscape in the region. "The growth in the vote for the Alliance Party underlines the feeling that many more people now want to vote on issues, not on sectarian lines. "That should be embraced as the greatest success of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement. But if the Agreement does not evolve further, under current rules, if Alliance and its vote share continues to grow, it will never have the right to nominate the First or Deputy First Minister. "Democracy cannot succeed when it is set in tram lines that can never cross," Mr Lewis wrote in the Telegraph newspaper. DON'T MISS: Shoppers find 'empty shelves' as new shortage hits the UK - 'not a tomato in sight'