As Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) and his wife Lea Dilallo (Paige Spara) prepare to welcome a newborn into their lives, The Good Doctor fans will be left waiting as the new episode will not return in its usual slot next week. The ABC drama will instead go on hiatus and return later this month.  After episode 13 premiered on Monday, viewers gained a tense insight into Shaun and Lea’s life as they clashed over the arrival of their firstborn. The pair disagreed over their differing parenting styles after Shaun put their son on an exclusive waiting list for pre-kindergarten. While Lea didn’t like the idea, they agreed to work through their differences. Although fans are eager to see how the couple will continue to prepare for their baby with Dr Aaron Glassman (Richard Schiff) living under their roof, the series is on hiatus. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness  This is the show’s first delay since its lengthy Christmas hiatus. Thankfully for fans, they will only have to wait a week for episode 14’s Hard Heart to land on screens. Instead of its usual slot on Monday, February 20, The Good Doctor’s upcoming episode will air the following week on Monday, February 27. Despite the delay, ABC has provided major insight into the instalment with the release of a synopsis and promo trailer.     The synopsis reads: “When a three-year-old arrives at the emergency room, the team immediately recognizes he is having a stroke. “Dr Shaun Murphy's diagnosis of the underlying cause doesn't solve the problem, which has Dr Park searching deeper.” Therefore as well as conflict in his personal life, Shaun will be faced with more egregious battles in the emergency room. As he will be working on a seriously ill child, this could force Shaun to look at his own life as he prepares to welcome his own son. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell iconic Dad's Army item [INSIGHT] The Good Doctor’s Shaun faces parenting concerns in promo [INSIGHT]The Good Doctor fans 'devastated’ over Dr Glassman loss [REACTION]   The trailer promises another tense episode for fans as the doctors rush to figure out what is wrong with the youngster. During the clip, Dr Alex Park (Will Yun Lee) is examining the young boy and offers a high five. When Nathan responds she "can’t”, Park informs the mother: “Your son is having a stroke.” To find out the root cause, the three-year-old faces the MRI scan, however, doctors soon realise the problem is deeper than they anticipated.    After Shaun claims the problem can be fixed "with an interesting brain surgery,” they discover Nathan’s haemorrhage wasn’t caused by his head injury. As concerned Shaun tells his colleagues: “This boy is even sicker than we thought.” Elsewhere in the trailer, Lea is already fed up with the parenting demands as Glassman tried to babyproof their home. As he showed her a parenting book he recommends she reads before she’s “exhausted”, Lea hit back: “Already there!” The Good Doctor season 6 returns Monday, February 27 on ABC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.  