Charlene White, 42, has taken to Twitter to share an appeal for help ahead of her reunion with I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! co-star Mike Tindall, 44, tomorrow. The Loose Women panellist and the former rugby player are set to cross paths again in Cardiff for the first day of the Six Nations Championship. In view of her 70,400 followers, Charlene called on her female fans to send her advice regarding what to wear for the big event. Charlene said: “Heading to Twickenham for #SixNations tomorrow to hang with @miketindall13 and some of the jungle crew.” The TV star continued: “It’s my first ever big rugby game. “Ladies, any advice re: clothes… Like, is it posher and dressier than going to a footy match??” (sic) Fans of the ITV star rushed to the post’s replies with their ideas for the perfect game outfit. LadyGrimwood said: “Posh-layers-leather trousers or black jeans- nice tee shirt -cashmere sweater - biker jacket- big scarf- comfy boots, cross body bag - then when ur inside can take off the layers n still Rock. “I’m a rugby mum-I’ve got this to a tee! "If it’s raining don’t take a brolly-bobble hat!” (sic) CherryDawn quipped: “I would wear a blue and white bobble hat and scarf, tartan would also be a good option.” Suecaro tweeted: “Casual, but make sure you're warm.  “I grew up with Rugby Union but son played League (for Jamaica), very different crowd/fan base.” (sic) DON'T MISS... Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] Charlene previously spoke with her fellow Loose Women panellists about her new friendship with fellow campmate Mike’s wife Zara. The ITV News anchor joined Carol McGiffin, Linda Robson and Denise Welch back in December to discuss everything about her stint in the jungle. One of the highlights of her departure from the camp was mixing with the other celebrity's partners, particularly Zara Tindall. She heaped praise on the Olympic gold medal equestrian and said: "You would love this though, we had a very raucous night out thrown by Mike and Zara. "Not the official party - they arranged it separately. 26 of us all went out for dinner." Charlene added of the Grandmother of The late Queen: "Zara is definitely one of us. She's brilliant!" She also told her Loose Women colleagues about the importance the rugby union star had in the camp. "We genuinely wouldn't have survived without him," she remarked.