Manchester United have been handed a major injury boost ahead of Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Newcastle following Antony’s timely return. The Brazil international scored the winner during the club’s 2-1 victory over Barcelona on Thursday night. And his comeback couldn’t have come at a better time for the Red Devils as they look to end their wait for a first piece of silverware since 2017. Manchester United have been forced to cope without Antony in recent times. Before the club’s 2-1 victory over Barcelona on Thursday, the Red Devils star hadn’t played since his side’s 2-1 win over Crystal Palace earlier in the month. But, now, United have their £86million star back in the groove as they prepare for the biggest game of their season. Antony has been a divisive figure at the club in the short time since his summer arrival from Ajax. Indeed, he’s been accused of being too flashy and not having a good enough end product for the money invested in him. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players But United believe that, in Antony, they possess a player who is capable of becoming one of the best in the world in the future. And he brings far more to the side than just goals and assists, with the 22-year-old also hard-working and defensively diligent. United have long had problems on the right of their attack. They’ve not possessed a truly top operator in that position since a young Cristiano Ronaldo played there under Sir Alex Ferguson. Yet Antony, with six goals to his name, has made an encouraging enough start to life at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Newcastle are expected to go gung-ho as they look to end a 54-year wait for a trophy on Sunday afternoon. And Antony’s willingness to track back and put in a shift makes him a tempting option for Ten Hag to start. United are better and more-balanced when the Samba star is available and he was missed at times during his recent absence. Now the Brazilian is fit and ready to start matches again, however, that certainly provides the Red Devils with a major boost. Speaking ahead of the game, meanwhile, Antony admitted he was desperate to win a first trophy at United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "When I came here, I said that Manchester United is a huge club and we’re going to put this club back where it belongs – fighting for and winning trophies,” he told club media. "We know that it’ll be a tough task, but we’re aware of how big we are as a club and how good we are. "It’ll be a dream come true, in my first season, if we can win a trophy. I hope that I can keep at this so more glory follows." And he added: "I’m really excited. "I was talking to my mates at home about this, it’s going to be my first time there. It’ll be a huge day for me, I can’t wait for this day to come around. "Your first final in your first season is always going to be special." On whether he had a message for the club’s supporters, he continued: "I’d like to say to them [the fans] to keep on supporting us and believing in us. |Obviously our fans never give anything less than 100 per cent in all of our games, they’re always there for us. "They need to keep at this as it's really important for us to feed off their energy and have them there. “When we're on the pitch we feel like we've got an extra gear, so we want them to keep believing in us because we're always fighting for them."