A video from earthquake-damaged Syria has captured the moment rescue workers recovered a small crying girl from the rubble of a downed building. Syrian Civil Defence has released footage of its volunteers - also known as the White Helmets - working in Jindires, Aleppo, where they found a family buried in the ruins of their home. As they combed through the rubble, they found three children and scooped out a young girl buried up to his neck in broken concrete. The video begins with the volunteers rushing up and down steps leading to a first-floor flat, where they are greeted by a mound of grey brickwork and twisted metal. Viewers can hear panicked chatter as they find a boy wearing a blood and dust-stained shirt collapsed and seemingly lifeless. They roused him before moving nearby to another younger child trapped under concrete bricks. Sadly, they discover one man has died under the pile but find a young, toddler-aged child pinned beneath him. READ MORE: Dad holds hand of dead daughter crushed beneath rubble They dig her out, and she loudly cries, confirming she has survived the collapse. The rest of the video shows the remaining survivors being escorted away from the ruins on a stretcher. The footage comes from one of many videos posted by the White Helmets since they deployed to provide aid in Syria. But the country remains overlooked in comparison to Turkey and is in desperate need of assistance. In a Twitter post, representatives said Syria is in a "state of catastrophe” with “destruction, devastation, and collapse of buildings”. The White Hats also warned that hundreds of people pinned and injured under rubble would see death counts quickly increase, with the total fatalities crossing 11,000 today. President Recept Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey said today that his country's national toll increased to 8,754. In Syria, the total increased to 2,470, meaning 11,224 people have died since Monday. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has warned that the number of deaths could nearly double. Earlier this week, representatives of the body said that the final toll could rise to 20,000. Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the chances of finding survivors decrease “every minute, every hour that passes.” Should this transpire as predicted, it would mean 3,000 more people died in 2023 than in 1999, when Turkey's deadliest earthquake killed 17,000.