Lady Louise Windsor made history at her christening as she was the last royal baby to wear the original christening gown. The daughter of the Earl and Countess of Wessex was just five months old when she was baptised in April 2004. She wore a Honiton and lace gown dating back to 1841 when it was created for Victoria Princess Royal's christening. The gown was used for royal christenings up until 2004. By this point, it had been worn by 62 royal children, including King Charles and his sons Harry and William. The Queen commissioned royal wardrobe advisor Angela Kelly to make a replica of the gown because the original had become too delicate. Lady Louise's younger brother, James, Viscount Severn, was the first royal to wear the replica in 2008 when he was baptised. The most recent usage of the replica came last April during the christening of Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi's daughter, Sienna. Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex's children were born at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, breaking from the royal trend of having babies at St Mary's in London. Lady Louise was born with a rare eye condition called esotropia, a condition that turns the eyes outwards. READ MORE: King Charles urged to ban non-working royals from coronation balcony The young royal had difficulties with her vision growing up. She underwent her first eye procedure at just 18 months in order to correct her vision. But the surgery was unsuccessful and Lady Louise underwent a second procedure in 2014. She now studies at the University of St Andrews – the same university Prince William and Kate attended. Edward and Sophie chose five godparents for Lady Louise – the Earl's cousins, Lady Sarah Chatto, Lord Ivor Mountbatten, and Lady Alexandra Etherington, as well as the couple's friends, Rupert Elliott and Francesca Schwarzenbach. DON'T MISSZara Tindall makes confession about 's**t day with the kids' [INSIGHT]Lilibet to be 'biggest celebrity' in US as toddler has unique accolade [ANALYSIS]Queen Maxima altered wedding tiara - 'not everyone could pull it off' [INSIGHT] The Earl and Countess of Wessex are full-time royals, but unlike other royal children, Lady Louise and James do not have HRH titles. It is expected that they will forge their own careers away from the Royal Family. In an interview with The Sunday Times in 2020, Sophie said that she and Edward raised their children with the understanding that they are "very likely to have to work for a living". Roya expert Dickie Arbiter recently told a Channel 5 documentary that Lady Louise and James "will have to go out there and get a job and earn a living, earn their upkeep. And it's a lot easier to do that without HRH.".