Manchester United head coach Erik ten Hag hailed Jadon Sancho as a "magnificent player" after the winger came off the bench to rescue a point in the 2-2 draw against Leeds United. But the Dutchman has laid down a challenge to the England international and told him he must fight for his place at Old Trafford after spending several months out of the side. The 22-year-old made his first Premier League appearance since October 22 after coming off the bench just before the hour mark and it did not take long for the £73million signing to make an impact. The former Borussia Dortmund star had a part to play in the build-up to the goal when he played Luke Shaw into the channel and when the left-back's cross rebounded into his path, the youngster showed composure to drill his low effort past Ilan Meslier. Sancho's strike brought United back on level terms after the hosts had trailed by two goals early on, with Wilfried Gnonto and an own goal from Raphael Varane putting the struggling Yorkshire side in dreamland. But Marcus Rashford's header halved the deficit on 62 minutes before Sancho salvaged a point eight minutes later. READ MORE: Jadon Sancho suffered Manchester United 'setback' because of Casemiro Ten Hag declared himself pleased with Sancho's return to Premier League action, having come off the bench against Nottingham Forest last week. But the 53-year-old also warned the United star that he has to continue working hard after spending so long on the sidelines. "Very happy, he's all the way back," Ten Hag told BBC Match of the Day when asked about his performance. "We know he's a magnificent player. I think consistently he can have a big impact. "But he has to work hard. It will motivate him to get more. I really enjoyed it, especially for him. It will strengthen him." The result means United are now seven points behind Arsenal having played two games more, meaning their hopes of a title challenge may have already faded. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Jadon Sancho breaks silence with emotional messageMan Utd star Bruno Fernandes sets challenge for Jadon SanchoTen Hag sees Jadon Sancho heading in one direction due to two reasons  And despite Ten Hag's praise for Sancho, the Dutchman admitted he was left disappointed by his side's poor start to the game and rued their missed chances. "You can say we won a point because when you are in a derby and come back from 2-0 down it is good," he added. "But on the other hand when you start a derby like we did it's unacceptable. You have to be ready to fight and we weren't ready for the battle. "It was my first remark at half-time, to take care and make sure we were ready and we weren't so that was really disappointing straight after half-time to concede that goal. "Of course it will encourage us for when we play the second game in a couple of days that if we play our game, we can beat them. We have to beat them. But you need composure all the time. In the last 20 minutes when it was 2-2 we created so many chances but the finishing was not always that good. We have to be more clinical."