A dog named Bobi has become the oldest dog of all time, smashing the world record. Guinness Wolrd Records certified Bobi as the new record holder two weeks after naming Spike the chihuahua as the oldest living dog at 23. Bobi is a couple of months away from his 31st birthday, having reached the grand old age of 30 years and 268 days as of today (February 3). He took the title of oldest dog ever from Australian cattle dog Bluey, who lived to 29 years and five months. Bluey, who lived from 1910 until 1939, held that accolade for almost a century. New title holder Bobi lives in the Leira district of Portugal. He was born and raised at a family-run farm in the village of Conqueiros where he enjoys playing with his owners' four cats. Of Bobi's world record, owner Leonel Costa said: "We are very happy and grateful to life for allowing us, after 30 years, to have Bobi in our daily lives." Reportedly still in good health, family members attribute Bobi's longevity to his having lived in the countryside his entire life. But as one of four puppies born in an outbuilding used by the Costa family to store wood, Bobi almost did not survive. Leonel, now 38, said: "I was eight years old. My father was a hunter and we always had many dogs. READ ABOUT WETHERSPOONS CALLING TIME ON SCORES OF PUBS "Unfortunately, at that time it was considered normal by older people who could not have more animals at home... to bury the animals in a hole so that they would not survive." Luckily, the father left Bobi behind and his existence was kept secret when he was spotted by Leonel and his brothers. Leonel said: "We knew when the dog opened its eyes, my parents would no longer bury it. It was popular knowledge this act could not or should be done." When Leonel's parents eventually discovered Bobi it was too late because the pup's eyes had opened by that time. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry spotted at star-studded party in the US [REVEALED] Prince Harry has 'behaved like a bully' in pursuit of 'revenge' [OPINION] Prince Harry didn't lose his virginity outside a pub, claims Everett [REPORT] Leonel said he and his siblings were punished for hiding Bobi's survival, but it was worth it because he loved growing up with the pooch. In his old age, Bobi enjoys resting after meals and relaxing by the fire on cold days. He also enjoys the same food as his owners, who soak it in water to take away the seasoning first. Bobi also drinks lots of water. Despite weaker eyesight and trouble walking, Bobi lives a relatively normal life for a dog more than three decades old. Leonel described Bobi as one of a kind and said he hopes he will father some puppies one day because he is the last in a long line. Bobi also reminds Leonel of when he was a child and family members who have passed away, including his father. The pet database SIAC, which is authorised by the Portuguese government and managed by the National Union of Veterinarians, verified Bobi's age.