Father Brown fans will be getting another instalment of the series this after (February 10) on BBC One at 1.45pm. The episode is titled The Royal Visit and will see things going awry in Kembleford when a school caretaker is found dead ahead of Princess Margaret opening the library. Many of Kembleford’s residents were hoping the visit would help them with the mayor feeling it would boost his political ambitions. Additionally, the charming royal security detail catches the eyes in the village. While another newcomer also gets on with the princess’s personal assistant after finding out their share humble beginnings. But there will also be a conflict between the royal staff and Kembleford’s finest as a body turns up. Once again, it will be up to part-time sleuth and clergyman Father Brown (played by Mark Williams) trying to make sure the right person goes down for the crime as arrests are made. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food Inspector Neil Beckett - Tristan Gemmill Tristan Gemmill plays the dishy Inspector Neil Beckett arrives in the village as part of Queen Elizabeth II’s sister’s security and catches Mrs Devine’s (Claudie Blakley) eye. Viewers will recognise Gemmill from his roles in Coronation Street as Robert Preston, Casualty and London’s Burning. Some of his other roles include the Cases, Cape Wrath, Strictly Confidential and Distant Shores The star has also had some small roles in Grantchester, Death in Paradise, Atlantis and Call The Midwife. Elizabeth Barns - Kara Tointon Kara Tointon takes on the part of Elizabeth Barns, HRH’s personal assistant and builds up a rapport with Brenda (Ruby-May Martinwood) after revealing she has a working-class background. Tointon is no stranger to screens with roles in Mr Selfridge, EastEnders, Henry IX and The Halcyon. She’s also had roles in Gaslight, Lewis, Last Passenger, The Gallery, Urban Myths and a Royal Shakespeare production of Twelfth Night as Olivia. According to IMDb, Tointon will next be starring in Archie which is in post-production. Ray Harrison - Gary Lilburn Gary Lilburn appears as school janitor Ray Harrison, who is bumped off and an investigation is launched into his death. He is most recognisable for his roles in Philomena, Pulling, Catastrophe and Doctors. Amanda Clement - Sarah Smart Rounding off the guest cast is Sarah Smart, who portrays the school’s headmistress Amanda Clement who is arrested for the murder. Smart has featured in Wallander, The Secret of Crickley Hall, Five Days and New Tricks. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT] Princess Margaret - Olivia Benjamin Rising star Olivia Benjamin is Princess Margaret after appearing in Fallen Angels. Mayor Wood - Howard Ward Howard Ward is Mayor Wood, who is hoping the princess’ visit will boost his political ambitions. Ward has starred in Downton Abbey, The Broken, Cashback, Doctors and Holby City. The main cast members also appearing are Tom Chambers as Inspector Sullivan, who finds his toes getting trodden on over the murder case. Father Brown’s script editor Claire Russell said The Royal Visit was her favourite episode: “I said, ‘It's got to be Princess Margaret!’ “I love Princess Margaret. She was the sexy, rebellious one. We’re bringing Princess Margaret to Kembleford for a library opening with brass bands. That's really fun.” Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is available to watch as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer