With the Energy Price Guarantee rising 20 percent from £2,500 to £3,000 in April, many may be concerned about managing their energy costs. With reports indicating around £50million worth of energy bill support scheme vouchers have gone unclaimed and up to £2,000 in additional funds available to eligible households through Government, suppliers and other schemes, it’s important for Britons to know where and how they can get extra help if needed. The energy price guarantee is in place to protect households from full exposure to high energy prices by limiting the maximum unit price households pay for energy. It is different to the energy price cap (which is much higher) and is currently taking precedence over it. The current protections mean an average household pays £2,500 for their energy a year, but this is due to increase to £3,000 in April, a rise of 20 percent for families who are already struggling. Dr Steve Buckley, head of data science at Loop, said: “We’d urge anyone who hasn’t cashed in their Energy Bills Support Scheme to do so as soon as possible, or if you haven’t received yours, contact your energy supplier as soon as possible. This scheme is open to every household – you don’t need to provide any personal information to access it.” However, he noted that this is just one element of the suite of support that’s available. There are multiple schemes offering discounts, vouchers, and grants from the Government, energy suppliers and more to ease the high costs. Dr Buckley continued: “We’d encourage everyone to review the support and check their eligibility, so they are maximising what’s available through the winter months.” READ MORE: Extra £824million for fund to help struggling Britons with energy bill  In addition to the Energy Bills Support Scheme, which provided households with a discount on energy bills of £400 paid in six instalments, there are several other interventions to reduce bills. Winter Fuel Payment The Winter Fuel Payment is a tax-free benefit available to anyone born on or before September 26, 1955. It provides those eligible with between £100-300 of support, but in 2022 and expected for 2023, there’s an additional ‘top-up’ of £300 for households, bringing the support up to £250 to £600 instead. The payment is usually automatic, however, those who think they may be eligible but did not receive notification last year can make a claim by calling the Winter Fuel Payment Centre. DON'T MISS: Energy bills blow to Britain as new green levy set to be introduced [INSIGHT]Money expert's most common mistakes she sees people make with finances [EXPLAINED]British Gas owner Centrica reports record £2.8bn profits [ANALYSIS]     Warm Home Discount Scheme People can get £150 off electricity bills between the months of October 2022 and March 2023, and there are two ways to qualify. To be eligible, people must either receive the Guaranteed Credit element of Pension Credit or be on a low income and meet their energy supplier’s criteria for the scheme. People can find out if they qualify by contacting their energy supplier, while those eligible by Guaranteed Credit should contact the Warm Home Discount helpline on 0800 731 0214 if they don’t receive a letter. Cold Weather Payment This is an extra £25 payment for each seven-day period where temperatures hit below zero degrees, and is for those on Pension Credit and some other benefits, such as Income Support, Jobseeker's Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, Universal Credit, or support for Mortgage Interest Loan (SMI). READ MORE: Three key tax allowance to maximise before they expire in April  The payments are made by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) automatically and come into effect every winter. Dr Buckley said: “For households with heating oil, LPG or biomass boilers, £200 is available and should have been applied on February 6.” However, a small minority of customers, such as those living in park homes or on static houseboats with no direct energy supplier, will need to apply to receive the payment through an online portal. This is expected to open on Monday, February 27. Hardship grants Dr Buckley said: “These grants are available through some energy providers for customers who are struggling to repay or are in arrears. Although, customers must speak to a debt advisor before applying and provide more detail to demonstrate how arrears have built up.” Most providers only offer grants to their own customers, but British Gas’ grants are available to non-customers and can be as much as £1,500. To see a more comprehensive list of support offered by energy providers, including E.ON and OVO, click here.  Other support to reduce usage and costs The National Grid’s Demand Flexibility Service (DFS) is another scheme available to households, supporting them to reduce energy usage during peak times and earn as a result. Households can sign up through their provider or through apps like Loop to take part. Only some utility providers are offering customers access to the DFS scheme, but the scheme is open to anyone with a smart meter via Loop’s Turn Down and Save scheme, even if the person’s provider isn’t taking part. Dr Buckley said: “We know times are tough with the cost of living and prices due to rise again when many are already struggling, but it’s important to know that support is available.” Loop regularly shares guidance on changes to make to lower gas usage, and the free Loop app helps people to manage their energy usage directly by identifying where changes can be made to cut costs.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Dr Buckley’s expert tips to reduce gas usage 