Fans will absolutely gutted once more to be reminded that Cavill's beloved Man of Steel is no longer a part of the DCEU. The new Flash trailer was dropped on TV screens in the US at the start of the annual Super Bowl broadcast. There may be no Superman, but instead, there are two Kryptonians – and one of them was last seen dead in Batman V Superman being vivisected and used to create the monstrous Doomsday. General Zod is back, and another member of the El family must step up to help defeat him - with a little help from a Caped Crusader who is not played by Ben Affleck – although he is also in it. Confused? Welcome to 'Flashpoint.' The Flash movie is being touted by new Warner Bros DC boss James Gunn as the start of the next evolution of the world of the Justice League heroes. Existing original Justice League Flash, played by Ezra Miller, is determined to somehow use his powers to play with time (and reality) and bring back a world where his murdered mother still lives. Instead, he fractures the universe and creates a new reality where no metahumans exist at all. Unfortunately, in this universe, the evil Zod (the returning Michael Shannon) is very much alive and up to his usual opposite of good. Flash, aka Barry Allen, also runs (fortunately not at superspeed) into another version of himself. The two team up but still need some help from a strangely familiar face. This reality turns out to be the home of a Michael Keaton incarnation of Batman, complete with his classic suit and Batcave. More power still is needed, and somehow, yet to be explained, there is a superpowered person flying around and shooting beams for their eyes. "It's not Clark" says one of the Barrys when they meet. The new Kryptonian (played by Sasha Calle) replies, "I'm Kara." This is, it appears, Kara Jor-El, AKA Supergirl.  DCEU fans know that a lot is resting on this film. Goodwill towards the franchise has been shattered by too many misfires and muddled translation of beloved characters from page to screen. This was worsened by the recent announcement that Cavill would return as Superman, followed by his cameo at the end of the Black Adam film. Just days later, it was announced that Cavill would not be part of Gunn's new vision for the franchise, generating a major fan backlash. Nor, it now seems, with Gal Gadot be returning as Wonder Woman. There is another Aquaman movie about to hit cinemas, so the Atlantean's long-term future remains to be revealed, as does Affleck's tenure as Batman. Although Miller himself has frequently been in the news for his troubled personal life, James Gunn currently publicly supports his place in the new DCEU and recently described The Flash movie as “one of the greatest superhero movies ever made.” The Flash will be released in cinemas on June 16, 2023.