We’ve all gone to heat up a microwave meal or leftovers only for the snack to splatter all over the microwave. Often, we won’t clean up the mess straight away, leaving the food debris to dry and fester. Food debris in your microwave can be a breeding ground for bacteria which could eventually make you sick. It could even become a fire hazard if you continue using it. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their natural and easy solution for removing dried-on food from microwaves. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Lorraine Caldwell asked: “What's the best way to get dried-on food off the roof of the microwave?” READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito The post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use water and a lemon. Dee Watts said: “Cut half a lemon into pieces, pop it inside a jug/bowl of water, put it in the microwave for about four minutes and wipe away. “You may need to repeat this depending on how bad it is to start.” Rosemary Griffiths agreed and replied: “This is what we did when I was in catering it was the quickest and best way.” DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [UPDATE]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [ANALYSIS] Louise Stay commented: “Try a bowl of warm water with a slice of lemon. Put on for about a minute. Then wipe when finished.” Caroline Morrison wrote: “Put half a lemon in water and heat it in the microwave until it boils. The steam should soften any burnt-on food enough to remove it.” Rebecca Sandford posted: “Half a lemon in a jug of hot water. Put it in the microwave for five minutes, leave it, and don't open the door. Leave it for a few minutes and then open the door.” Jackie Cairns replied: “Put water in a cup with lemon juice in it. Let the liquid get red hot in the microwave and leave it in for 10 minutes. Take the cup out and wipe the top and the rest of the microwave. The steam loosens it all.” READ MORE: £1 laundry tip to 'remove stains and keep clothes white' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Betty Quinlan said: “My friend puts lemon juice in a dish. Puts it in the microwave, turns it on for about two minutes, wipe out with nice soapy water. So simple. I was amazed!” The water and the lemon together will create steam that breaks up grime and banishes unpleasant odours. Lemons can be bought from most local supermarkets or online if you don’t own any already. Nature's Pick Unwaxed Lemons Min four-pack can be bought from Aldi for 95p. JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Lemons cost 55p for four, working out at 13.8p each. Morrisons Wonky Lemons cost 50p for four, working out at 12.5p per lemon. Sainsbury's Lemons Unwaxed minimum of five cost £1.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using washing up liquid, white vinegar, Cif and water. Janet Griffiths said: “I spray mine with water and washing up liquid and leave [it] for a couple of minutes, then wipe off with a damp cloth.” Jackie Maxwell replied: “White vinegar mixed with water. Heat in the microwave and wipe off.” Liz Simpson commented: “Put a bowl of water in and microwave it until boiling. Steam should loosen it.” Maggie Harty suggested: “Put a wet cloth with washing up liquid in the microwave, warm it up and then wipe clean.” Bernice Ni Cionaoith responded: “I use Cif Lemon Cream (or the Tesco brand). Put it on, leave for a few minutes then wipe off with a warm cloth, giving it a little scrub with the cloth or sponge you use.”