In Friday's episode, Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) faced another hellish day as Justin (Andrew Still) continued to pop up everywhere she went. However, once one of the police officers finally started to take her seriously, she felt a bit better about the scary situation. The Coronation Street episode saw another threat from Justin as he followed her while walking down the street. Fans of the ITV soap seem to think Daisy's fiance, Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) might be the one to do something about Justin, and might even become a killer. Daisy thought she had finally gotten through to Justin when telling him he means nothing to her after he got her arrested. After showing up at the pub after getting Daisy arrested, she decided to hear him out. "I hate what happened earlier, okay?" he told her, to which Daisy replied: "Yeah, that makes two of us." Justin added: "I should never have called the police. I wasn't in a good place." READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale "Now we have to make it right."  he said as a shocked Daisy replied: "We? There's that word again." "I'm willing to give you another chance, Daisy," he continued. "Come on, time's up," Daniel commented as Daisy asked Justin: "Are you serious?" She went on: "I knew you were deluded but this is just a whole new level. "Go away Justin, you're nothing to me and you never will be." Justin left and it seemed as though Daisy might have finally got through to him. However, Justin didn't give up that easily, and once again terrified Daisy as she walked home alone. "It's OK, I know you only said what you said because he was there," Justin told her. Terrified, Daisy yelled at Justin but he began to ominously walk closer to her before some passers-by intervened. Taking to social media, fans began to predict what might happen in the Justin plot. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Faye Windass haunted by past [SPOILER]Four in a Bed owners left seething over 'disgusting' feedback [VIDEO]Danny Dyer says he 'smelt of a***' filming final EastEnders scenes [LATEST] Twitter user @DJWMarathonMan wrote: "I can see Daniel killing Justin the stalker #Corrie." @LunaLocoJewels added: "Considering how many times Daniel's gotten clean away with pushing people downstairs, why doesn't he just offer to *show* Justin Weatherfield's finest spiral staircases? Nobody's fault if someone has a clumsy moment #Corrie." @albags_2002 predicted: "There is an interesting case brewing with Daisy, her stalker and Daniel, I feel." "If Daniel was a proper Mancunian Man he’d have knocked Justin into next week before he uttered a word  #Corrie," @Mrs_SimonCowell posted. However, others were concerned for Daniel himself following Justin's concerning actions. @Wee_Westie29 penned: "I wouldn’t be surprised if Justin attempts to kidnap Daisy or Daniel on the wedding day. #Corrie #CoronationStreet @itvcorrie." @Rozzy67 added: "#Corrie I have a feeling Daniel's life could be in danger now, how far will thus Justin go to be with Daisy." Others hope for a positive outcome for the couple, with @MaryOxborough sharing: "Hoping Justin realises he has no hope with beautiful Daisy so we never see him again. Daisy gets married to Daniel - we see a fabulous wedding with lots of laughs. Not forgetting more Peter and Carla #corrie." Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.