Police chiefs tasked with reducing knife crime have been without a leader for two months. It comes as fears mount over the growing number of young people becoming victims and perpetrators of attacks.  The National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC) admitted it has yet to replace its knife crime lead two months after the former post holder retired. The lead is responsible for setting priorities for chief constables to follow to try to stem the epidemic of bloodshed sweeping the country, as yet more teenagers have died. Graham McNulty, a Met Police deputy assistant commissioner, retired in December. The vacancy comes during a new year that has seen several teenagers stabbed to death and charged with knife murders. On Thursday, a boy and a girl, both 15, were charged with the murder of 16-year-old transgender girl Brianna Ghey. She was found with fatal stab wounds in Warrington on February 11. A 15-year-old boy was sentenced to life with a minimum 14 years at Birmingham Crown Court on Wednesday for stabbing Ian Kirwan, 53, in an Asda toilet in Redditch last March. The killer was just 14 at the time. On Friday, the funeral of Holly Newton, 15, was held at Hexham Abbey in Northumberland three weeks after she was stabbed in the town alongside a 16-year-old boy. Another 16-year-old boy has been charged with her murder.  Former detectives and anti-knife crime campaigners fear victims and killers will get younger if the Government and police chiefs do not tackle the causes. Former Met Police detective Peter Bleksley said: “Victims and offenders are getting younger and you have to ask who is raising kids that go out thinking ‘where’s my keys, my phone and my knife?’. “Is it time for the criminal justice system to be part of the national curriculum? I fear many will become utterly desensitised and just accept that children are killing each other.” Julie Taylor became an anti-knife crime campaigner after grandson Liam Taylor, 19, was stabbed to death near Chelmsford in 2020. Last week she lay flowers at the scene of another stabbing. Andy Wood, 16, from Braintree, died after being found near a Chelmsford playground last Sunday. Elijah Clark, 18, has been charged with his murder. Mrs Taylor said: “They carry knives for protection, but it’s happening in parks and suburbs where there is less CCTV or police patrols. We need more stop and search, knife wands and knife arches.”  Former Met Police DS Steve Morris said: “Young kids have always copied older kids and now think it’s cool to carry a knife. “County lines has taken street gangs from cities into the suburbs so there is a lot more crossover between city gangs and kids in country towns.” And Dave McKelvey, a former Met Police DCI, said: “In the 1980s and 1990s, I would stop and search ten to 15 people a day. “These days officers have a phone camera shoved in their face and are likely to face a misconduct investigation so they are reluctant to do it and that is why young kids are willing to carry knives as they don’t see it as a risk of getting caught.” An NPCC spokesman said: “The work around tackling knife crime continues and a lead, who will head up that portfolio, will be in place in due course.” He added: “We are doing all we can to remove weapons from our streets, target those carrying knives and help people understand the dangers of carrying a knife.”