Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard has given Stefan Bajcetic his seal of approval after a dominant display against Everton on Monday night. The midfielder ran the show in the Reds’ 2-0 win over their local rivals in a confidence-boosting performance. Jurgen Klopp’s side have struggled markedly this season but their display at Anfield proved that they still possess the talent to push up the table. Their victory against the Toffees sees them move into ninth in the Premier League, nine points outside of the top four. Liverpool’s midfield has been their main problem so far this campaign, with their first-choice options now injury-prone and not getting any younger. But Klopp appears to have identified his saviour amongst his youth ranks, with Bajcetic being handed his third start of the season against Everton – and he took the opportunity with both hands. The 18-year-old was handed the Player of the Match award and received high praise from his teammates. Gerrard also lauded the Spanish prospect, commenting a fire emoji and clapping emoji underneath an Instagram post from Liverpool’s official account labelling Bajcetic as ‘brilliant’. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m The high praise from Gerrard will certainly provide Bajcetic with a confidence boost, with compliments from Mohamed Salah at full-time also likely to assure the teenage prospect that he could be Liverpool’s saving grace this season. Speaking to Sky Sports about his teammate, the Egyptian said: “He's a great player and person, he always tries to work hard. Since he started playing for us, he has been our best player maybe so hopefully, he keeps that confidence and keeps going." Bajcetic was level-headed in his response, saying: “To be fair, I played in a different position, I thought it would be less comfortable but it was good and I enjoyed it a lot. Mo Salah is probably one of the best players ever in Liverpool's history so it is nice to hear a legend say that to me. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache “I won more confidence playing at Anfield for a couple of games so I always love a tackle so I combine both and that is good. It was a great game, with the crowd and the derby. Hopefully, we keep playing well and win more games.” With Liverpool expected to spend big over the summer to shake up their midfield ranks and bring fresh faces into the dressing room, it remains to be seen whether Klopp ensures that Bajcetic does not fall back down the pecking order in Merseyside if more experienced players are acquired.