Benni McCarthy has proven to be a revelation at Manchester United this season after Erik ten Hag added him to his coaching staff in the summer. And impressive details have emerged about the South African's arrival and how he has adhered himself to the dressing room. After McCarthy's appointment last July, Ten Hag explained the club's need for 'balance' by recruiting an offensive coach. He said: "In our coaching staff, we had a lot of defenders and midfield players. I wanted to find a good balance. "He is offensive-minded as he is a former striker, and that is also a really specific task in the team. I never played there, so I'm lucky to have someone on my staff who did. "Football is about scoring. You have a goalkeeping specialist, but you also have offensive specialists, and, in particular, we have a specific scoring coach." According to the Mail, McCarthy didn't even ask about his salary in M16 before accepting the job offer. JUST IN: Arsenal 'keeping Graham Potter in job' Todd Boehly sets stance on sack  The 45-year-old, who rejected the chance to manage the South African national team last year, took some training sessions with United's Under 23s during his trial at Carrington. Ten Hag and his coaches observed his work before offering him a full-time position during the summer's pre-season tour. The Dutchman had previously looked at Robin van Persie, but the Old Trafford great opted to stay at Feyenoord. That led to McCarthy's agent setting up a meeting with Ten Hag and football director John Murtough, during which he explained that McCarthy was familiar with his philosophy from his days at Ajax. McCarthy also boasts Premier League experience and a good track record of improving players during his coaching career so far. DON'T MISS Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandBenitez contacts Leeds over manager's job two days after TV appearanceChelsea ace Silva faces Potter storm as wife likes 'deadbeat' remark The report claims he speaks English, Dutch, Spanish and Portuguese, which has helped him become a popular figure in the United dressing room. McCarthy is understood to be keen on a return to management down the line after his successful spells at Cape Town City and AmaZulu. But he is currently happy with his role under Ten Hag and has heavily contributed to Marcus Rashford's emergence as Europe's most prolific forward since the World Cup. It wouldn't be an understatement to suggest he was one of the Dutch boss' most effective signings of his first transfer window at United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here