Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy has received a touching message from his wife Stacey after the club beat Newcastle 2-0 to win the Carabao Cup on Sunday. Casemiro put the Red Devils ahead with a thunderbolt header. And Marcus Rashford then proceeded to score, with the England international bagging his 25th goal of the campaign in the process. United hired McCarthy as a coach back in the summer, with the former Porto and Blackburn striker joining Erik ten Hag’s staff. And he’s proven to be popular at Old Trafford among both players and fans, helping the club’s current crop of forwards improve. Now, after United beat Newcastle 2-0 on Sunday, McCarthy was snapped by wife Stacey posing with the Carabao Cup trophy. The retired striker had a smile on his face as he stood inside a jubilant dressing room. And Stacey accompanied it with a sweet caption that read: “Proud of you.” It was certainly a positive day for everybody involved with United, who have now ended a six-year trophy drought. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Casemiro was the star of the show, with the midfielder producing a classy display with a goal to boot. And Rashford impressed as well, with the England international rewarded a goal after it had previously been put down as a Sven Botman own goal. Now, the Red Devils will turn their attention to adding more silverware to their cabinet by the time the season is over. They’re still in with a shot at Premier League title glory, though both Arsenal and Manchester City are above them in the table. United kept their hopes of Europa League glory alive on Thursday night with a stirring 2-1 win over Barcelona. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes And they’re still in contention to win the FA Cup, too, with West Ham next up in that competition on Wednesday night. Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, piled praise on Ten Hag following the Red Devils’ triumph in the capital. "It's about one man that has transformed a team from whiners into winners - what a job Erik ten Hag has done,” he said. "Players are out there that shouldn't have played for Manchester United again but they are performing at a high level. “They have a spirit and a fight. There is a real chance of winning trophies beyond this. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He makes good decisions in matches - his subs were critical in making sure they saw this game out. It's been a brilliant last few months." And he added: "At the end of last season, some of those players were part of a team labelled a disgrace by me and other Man Utd fans. It was horrible to watch. They were divided. "The turnaround is transformational. It's unbelievable what Erik ten Hag has done. "From 2003 and 2006, we didn't win a trophy and you feel like you're never going to win a league again, or you're not going to be up there again. "This trophy was the catalyst for feeling confident and putting belief into the squad. "This squad will be dangerous with a medal around their neck because you like to think Erik ten Hag is going to improve them again in the next 12 to 18 months. "They're not close to Arsenal or Man City, that's clear, but where they are and what they're doing is something I never would have imagined six months ago. "The fans love this team. "You can hear the cheer the fans gave Ten Hag - they love him. “When he lifted the trophy there was no doubt who the fans think is the most important person."