Jurgen Klopp is praying that Darwin Nunez isn't the latest Liverpool player to suffer an injury setback after the Uruguayan picked up a shoulder problem in their 2-0 win over Newcastle. Liverpool were looking to close the gap to the top four with a tough away fixture against Eddie Howe's side on Saturday and Nunez opened the scoring for Klopp's side with a well-taken finish from the edge of the box. Cody Gakpo doubled Liverpool's lead minutes later before Newcastle goalkeeper Nick Pope was sent off for a moment of madness after handling the ball outside the box. Liverpool were unable to take full advantage of the extra man for the remainder of the match as Newcastle pushed for a way back in the match. But Klopp's side held on for three valuable points, moving them just six points adrift of the top-four with a game in hand. However, the win was partially overshadowed as Nunez was forced to come off after picking up a shoulder injury after a tough but fair challenge from Kieran Trippier. Nunez landed awkwardly on his left shoulder and immediately looked in pain before receiving treatment. The forward was able to continue for a few minutes before dropping to the ground in agony once again before being subbed off at the hour mark.  Klopp admitted it would 'make my day' if Nunez' turns out to be nothing serious but suggested that might not be the case. During his post-match interview Sky Sports presenter Geoff Shreeves spoke to Klopp about how things can start going right for Liverpool after they claimed another important win at Newcastle but the Reds boss remains concerned about Nunez. "If that's the case then Darwin has nothing [wrong]," Klopp replied. "In the moment he has pain so that would be the first time somebody has pain and it shows up as nothing [serious]. That would make my day." Nunez has become a key part of Liverpool's attack this season, setting the momentum with his tenacious attitude in chasing down defenders and sheer desire to lead the line. But Klopp now faces an anxious wait to find out the severity of Nunez's injury - something Klopp has become used to this season. Several players such as Virgil van Dijk, Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota, Roberto Firmino and Thiago Alcantara have all suffered long-term injuries this season which have played a part in Liverpool's inability to build up momentum. Liverpool return to action in just a few days as they get their Champions League campaign back up and running against Real Madrid on Tuesday. The Reds will be hoping to enact revenge on the Spanish giants after Klopp's side lost in last year's Champions League final to Carlo Ancelotti's team. 