Emmerdale teenager Arthur Thomas (played by Alfie Clarke) has had a tough time of late in the ITV soap. The youngster had to come to terms with his sexuality and in an emotional scene, he broke down in tears as he admitted to Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) that he was gay. He also faced the turmoil of being bullied at school, and newcomer Marshall (Max Fletcher) seemed to be at the centre of it. However, things took an unexpected turn when Marshall apologised to Arthur, and the pair have grown close ever since. It is clear Arthur has feelings for his school pal, but it seems Marshall's dad isn't as understanding as Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy). In recent scenes, Arthur was left devastated when Marshall said he couldn't see him anymore. As he sat looking at his phone, Laurel asked her son what was bothering him. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "You waiting for a call?" Laurel asked before Arthur replied: "No one uses their phone to speak." She continued: "Why don't you tell your old mum what that frown is about then?" The teenager revealed Marshall was blanking him and he was unsure whether to text him. "Are you sure that's a good idea after what he said?" Laurel asked. Arthur argued: "He didn't mean it. I tried to talk to him at school, he wanted to talk to me I can tell but he's too scared to." "Maybe you should just message him," his mum suggested. "Well, we all know he is messed up because of his dad and he could do with somebody decent like you around and you've been so fed up since he cut you off. "It might do you both good if you made up." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'I'll be waiting' as he speaks on series 13 future [INSIGHT]Pete Doherty's 'unrecognisable' appearance distracts The Last Leg fans [REACTION] In official spoilers released by ITV, the pair will end up being ripped apart when Marshall's dad threatens to send him to boarding school. Marshall also dismisses his feelings for Arthur and plays it off as the two of them just being friends. Fans have grown invested in Arthur and Marshall's storyline, with many sharing their thoughts on social media. Ryan Glendenning wrote: "Marshall pushing Arthur away because of his dad #Emmerdale." Twitter user @runninoncaffine penned: "Arthur just come out and he already knows about lgbtq+ Marshall has his own issues about his own sexuality #Emmerdale." (sic) While Ben Powell added: "Poor Arthur he deserves better but you know they’ll end up together like #heartstopper #emmerdale." Marshall's ignoring your text's Arthur because of his father's unorthodox ideas #Emmerdale," Kayleigh Natasha shared. Dion pleaded: "Forget about him Arthur #Emmerdale." User @chattymandan went on to theorise: "Marshall is clearly gay or bi and his dad’s so disgusting trying to stop Arthur from being mates with him and Marshall only saying stuff his dad says #emmerdale." (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.