Police have launched a murder investigation after the death of a man stabbed in Bristol as officers arrested a 20-year-old man, who has been taken into custody and will be questioned. Emergency services were called to Fairfax Street at 4.26pm by a member of the public who had stopped to help. The victim, who was in his 30s, was taken by ambulance to hospital, where he later died. Castle Park was cordoned off after the attack, with large numbers of police on the scene. Chief Inspector Robert Cheeseman, of Avon and Somerset Constabulary said: "We understand these events will cause the public concern and we’d like to reassure people a thorough investigation is already underway, led by detectives from our Major Crime Investigation Team. “Unfortunately, we have not yet been able to notify the man’s next of kin yet and this is something we’re trying to do as a matter of urgency. “A post-mortem examination will take place in due course to establish exactly how he died, and specialist family liaison officers are on standby to provide the man’s family with support.” Ch Insp Cheeseman added: "While we are in the early stages of our inquiry, we know there was an altercation between two groups of men in the park near the ruins of St Peter’s Church shortly before 4.25pm. “Following this altercation, one of the men we believe was involved left the scene on a bicycle as the victim made his way to Fairfax Street where he was then found by the member of the public. “As part of our investigation, we’re keen to hear from anyone who was in the area yesterday afternoon who saw two groups of men, all of whom were black, involved in what might have appeared to be a disagreement. “If you saw anything, or have any mobile phone footage or images which might help, please get in touch “A cordon remains in place around the park while specialist officers forensically examine it, and a detailed search is carried out. “A review of CCTV is also underway while members of the public can expect to see officers canvassing the area, including local businesses, to identify any witnesses. “We believe this incident to be an isolated one but should anyone have any specific concerns then I’d encourage them to talk to an officer.” A demonstration is due to take place today (Wednesday 1 February) in the city centre which was planned to pass through Castle Park. In light of this incident, police have spoken to the organisers and agreed a revised route which will take them through Broadmead Anyone who can help the inquiry is being asked to call 101 and quote reference 5223024599.