Cierra Mistt on TikTok is on a mission to educate flyers before they set foot on a plane. In a recent video posted to her account, she shared “the do’s and don’ts for your next flight”, and they involve taking extra snacks, being prepared before boarding and clothing etiquette to adhere to. Cierra began the video with: “Here are some secrets I’ve learnt from being a flight attendant that I will forever use when I’m travelling. “Number one, I’ll make sure that I always have my own snacks and water whenever I get on a plane. “You never know when you’re going to have a huge delay where flight attendants are not instructed to hand out snacks or drinks until a certain amount of time has passed.” She noted that a “delay = not in the sky = no snacks for you for at least 45 mins” and said passengers would then only get snacks and drinks “if the door is closed”. READ MORE: Free family days out in England this half-term Cierra continued: “But also because on some flights, and especially the shorter ones, it’s at the flight attendant’s discretion if they want to provide a service or not. “And I said especially on the short flights because normally there’s no time for snacks.” Her second do/don’t was: “Always use the bathroom before you board a flight or at least wait until you’re up in the air to use the bathroom. “I say this one for a couple of very important reasons; flight attendants are doing hundreds of things while everyone else is boarding. DON'T MISS...James Martin’s recipe for the ‘best’ peppercorn sauce [VIDEO]Four hair mistakes that make women over 40 ‘look so much older’ [EXPERT]Lilt drink discontinued by Coca-Cola after 50 years [NEWS] “So you don’t want to get in the way of passengers and the seats, and flight attendants and what they're supposed to be doing. “But also because when everyone else has boarded it’s the flight attendant’s responsibility to do a passenger count and make sure everyone is in their seats. “And if you’re in the bathroom, you can’t do that.” Her final piece of advice was: Number three, last but not least, please keep your shoes on!” READ MORE: ‘Wonderful’ Spanish city named Europe’s most romantic destination In another video, Cierra explained why passengers should never be barefoot or in socks on the plane. “Do not walk barefoot or with socks on into the bathroom,” she said. “I can promise you that liquid on the floor is not water, and you do not want to be stepping in it. “Not to mention that bathroom never gets cleaned unless it’s bad enough that we have to close it off for the rest of the flight.” In terms of the rest of the flight being cleaned, Cierra said “it is true that cleaners come onboard flights after most passengers have got off, they don’t do a deep clean like you’d think they do”. She suggested deep cleans only took place during Covid, and tray tables and seatbelts were their main focus. “Nowadays it’s more like a tidy up and getting the trash off the floor,” she added. Cierra then said her airline company offer wipes when passengers board the plane and she suggests using them for cleaning the window because “just like the bathroom floor, they have never been cleaned either”.