Almost two millennia ago, a bombshell moment in Roman history occurred. February 25, AD 138, saw Emperor Hadrian adopt Antoninus Pius, the fourth of the Five Good Emperors from the Nerva–Antonine dynasty, on the condition he then adopted Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus. With Hadrian's health degenerating as the months went by, he moved to preserve his succession, leading him to make the landmark move to adopt Pius. Hadrian's place in British history is highly regarded, particularly as a wall named after him can still be seen placed close to the border between England and Scotland, which was started in AD 122. Hadrian's Wall runs between Wallsend, on the River Tyne, right across from east to west, into Bowness-on-Solway. Roman soldiers would have once lined the wall, stationed at large forts dotted across it, ensuring the land was protected from the country's native inhabitants. It remains the largest Roman feature in British history, running around 73 miles (118km). The wall also marked the boundary between what was then Roman Britannia and the unconquered Caledonia to the north. Throughout the centuries Hadrian's history has continued to be explored, with new discoveries constantly being made at the site, including the remains of two people who had become embroiled in a fight at a nearby pub. The wall's history was revisited during History Hit's, Hadrian's Wall: Building the Wall in 2021. Its English Heritage creator, Frances McIntosh, spoke of its mysteries, such as when they came across an "impressive" set of ruins. Underneath one of the unidentifiable buildings lay two bodies. She said: "So we're looking at some of the buildings outside the fort, the civilian settlement outside the fort. "These would have been prime locations because their settlement was just outside the gate, but we don't know what all these buildings would have been: Some of them might have been shops, some might have been taverns. "One of these buildings, when they were excavated, in the Fifties and Sixties, they found two bodies buried underneath what were the floorboards. We know that one's a woman and one's a man." JUST IN: Archaeology 'catastrophe' means UK's Roman treasures at risk Ms McIntosh noted how the male body had a "dagger in his back, or through his ribs", and explained the building had been dubbed "the murder house" across the years. She said observers could "think up some great stories of why that might have happened and what happened," adding: "Was it a bar brawl that went wrong? Who knows." Throughout its history many bodies have been found close to the site, including in 2010 when the skeleton of a 1,800-year-old child was unearthed in a shallow pit of a barrack room in the Vindolanda Roman fort. During Roman rule, bodies were often cremated or buried away from settlements, which led many archaeologists to believe the child's skeleton on that occasion may have been hidden. DON'T MISS:Archaeologist said 'we'll probably never understand' Hadrian's Wall [INSIGHT]Archaeologists amazed by 'fascinating' feature at ancient Roman site [ANALYSIS]Roman fort in UK was 'key' for Empire [LATEST] Last year marked the 1,900th anniversary of work beginning on Hadrian's Wall, and Chris Kilkenny, an author and historian, published a book titled, The Real Hadrian's Wall Walk, a Memoir that discusses the wall's exact route across northern England. He told Chronicle Live: " A congratulatory sign at Wallsend proclaims 'You have walked Hadrian's Wall'. "Well, actually you have not, because the National Trail you have been following in places avoids the Wall, particularly, around Newcastle, between Wallsend and Heddon-on-the-Wall. "In 1996 I walked the actual course of the wall, as far as it could be discerned. On the way, I actually met people preparing the National Trail. "[My book] includes the important sections from Wallsend to Heddon, and a section through Carlisle also excluded by the National Trail. "It includes a verbatim transcription of tapes recorded on the walk, recounting the numerous difficulties encountered with transport, traffic, the RAF, stiles and signposts. The book also quotes from previous walkers over the past 400 years, with their opinions of the locals and the remains." Mr Kilkenny noted that it was only in the 19th century that Hadrian himself was credited with building the wall. He added: "New information is always being discovered which changes our opinion of this amazing construction. The walk was also about therapy and enjoyment found in immersion in countryside, often wild and empty - and in a project of discovery, research and achievement." Fortifications along the wall were said to stand as high as 20ft (6.1m), with large ditches on either side to discourage rivals from attempting to climb. Among these large pits that decorated the walls, evidence was found that wooden stakes were placed inside them, in a bid to deter barbarians from the north. It is believed the forts along Hadrian's Wall stood for nearly 300 years, but when it became no longer used, the wall was abandoned completely somewhere in the fifth century. Restoration efforts came in the Victorian era before the location became a World Heritage Site in 1987.