Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are conflicted over how the public might receive their attendance of King Charles III's coronation, according to a report. Sources close to the couple fear they would be accused of "snubbing" their family if they failed to attend but could be booed by onlookers if they did. Aware it would be the "most important day" of his father's life, the Duke, 38, would ideally like to be by his side on the day. Prince Harry also wants to save the broken relationship with his family, The Telegraph reports. The planned coronation day, May 6, is the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday, which may be a factor in their decision. One friend close to the pair explained the complicated decision they face.  “It’s complicated,” one friend told the newspaper. “There are a million different variables. Anybody could understand the predicament.” The pair are expected to be invited to the ceremony in Westminster Abbey and other members of the Royal Family have been told this is the case. Invitations have not yet been dispatched but will be in several days. Despite this, however, the Sussexes have not been formally made aware of the role they are due to play in the ceremony. “They’ll cross that bridge when they come to it,” the friend said. “They do not have any insight. They’re in limbo.” The couple will not make a decision until an invitation lands on their doormat in Montecito, California. Following this, they will decide whether the Duke attends alone, or alongside Meghan. Should the pair visit the UK, it is understood their visit will be a brief one. It is most likely that the Duke would have no official role during the ceremony, and would simply accompany other members of the Royal Family in the Royal Gallery within the Abbey. Asked last month whether he was planning to attend the Coronation, Prince Harry told ITV News anchor Tom Bradby: “There’s a lot that can happen between now and then, but you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court. “There is a lot to be discussed and I really hope they are willing to sit down and talk about it.”