Everton were reportedly offered the chance to sign Chelsea youngster Omari Hutchinson on loan on transfer deadline day but the Toffees allegedly felt he was too young and inexperienced to make a difference in the second half of the season. The 19-year-old moved to Stamford Bridge from London rivals Arsenal in July and has had several opportunities within Graham Potter's first-team in west London this season. Hutchinson has featured twice against Manchester City this term - once in the Premier League and once in the FA Cup - both of which ended in defeat. Nonetheless, he remains highly rated behind the scenes at Cobham and the Blues were hoping to get him out on loan in January to earn some regular minutes at senior level. According to The Mirror, Chelsea approached Everton and asked them if they wanted to take the attacker on loan for the remainder of the season in the final hours of the window. However, it's claimed Everton felt he was too inexperienced for the relegation battle and instead passed up the opportunity. READ MORE: Four free agents Everton can still sign beyond transfer deadline to help Sean Dyche The decision left West Bromwich Albion and Wigan Athletic to battle it out for his signature but in the end, both Championship clubs failed in their bid to sign the teenager. West Brom actually agreed a deal with Chelsea but the move collapsed at the eleventh hour when the Baggies turned their attention to Marc Albrighton. The Leicester veteran ended up making the switch across the Midlands to maximise his chances of regular playing time. Everton were the only club in the entire Premier League not to make a signing in the January transfer window. Instead, they have left Sean Dyche incredibly short as the Toffees strap themselves in for another rollercoaster relegation battle. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezFour free agents Everton can still sign beyond transfer deadline to help Sean DycheChelsea saw second exit collapse alongside Hakim Ziyech due to Enzo Fernandez transfer  A striker was the priority on deadline day but Everton tried and failed with several audacious moves - even missing out to rivals on some occasions. Kamaldeen Sulemana and Paul Onuachu both opted to join Southampton over Everton and the Saints will now fancy their chances of survival. Portuguese frontman Beto of Udinese was also the subject of interest but a deal could not be agreed with the Italian outfit. Crystal Palace were also not willing to give up Jean-Philippe Mateta in the final hours of the transfer window. A loan bid with an obligation to buy was also launched for Ismaila Sarr but Watford weren't interested in losing the jet-heeled Senegal attacker. Earlier in the window, Everton also tried and failed with a loan move for Danny Ings. The board have seemingly let new boss Dyche down by failing to deliver new signings - despite a £40million transfer kitty following the sale of Anthony Gordon to Newcastle. Now Everton may have to desperately explore the free agent market for opportunities in order to maximise their chances of survival. Andre Ayew has already held talks with Everton but he is also of interest to Nottingham Forest having previously worked with Steve Cooper at Swansea. Ex-Real Madrid attacking midfielder Isco is also up for grabs after his deadline day move to Union Berlin collapsed over wages.