The criminal justice system is failing women, the former Victims’ Commissioner says. Dame Vera Baird said prosecutions for rape and domestic abuse have both “nose-dived”. And people reporting offences to police “don’t always get treated with regard”, she said. Dame Vera said: “The criminal justice system is failing women fairly clearly. “Prosecutions have nose-dived in rape from a particular decision taken by the CPS in 2016-17 deliberately to cut the numbers. “It reduced rape prosecutions from 3,500- 4,000 a year, which had been the level for a decade, right down to, at its worst, 1,800 prosecutions in 2019. “So obviously you get far fewer convictions if you’re doing far fewer prosecutions and the numbers have not recovered to anything like the levels prior to that decision. “Domestic abuse prosecutions have nose-dived in the last couple of years. If you think of rape and domestic abuse as the two main ways in which the criminal justice system has a responsibility in regards to violence against women and girls, those statistics set out very clearly that it’s not done in a proper way.” Dame Vera said another “key barrier” was the extensive material complainants are required to provide in sex cases. This information would not be needed in any other kind of case. She added: “When women complain to police of rape or domestic abuse, they don’t always get treated with regard, or have support. “It demonstrates scepticism about women who complain of rape. “They are investigated very intrusively, looking through the content of their phone way beyond any relevant communications, through school records at whether they ever told any lies, and right through their medical notes from birth. “In other words, they’re looking for a perfect victim before they agree to take a case on. None of us are perfect.” Dame Vera said this process was “extremely off-putting” for women who want to make a complaint. She added: “Cases are dropped sometimes when women withdraw from the case. That is sometimes because the police are not supporting them. “The police want all this material, which implies scepticism and they haven’t got a supporter of their own unless they’re lucky, since there are too few of those. “So they’re pretty much on their own in what must seem like a slightly hostile system.” Dame Vera, who was appointed in 2019, announced her resignation in September in a damning letter, saying victims’ needs had been downgraded and the “criminal justice system is in chaos”.