Shortly before Sam Smith won their Grammy Award for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, they performed the winning track, Unholy, live on stage. Alongside their cohort, Kim Petras, Smith donned a devil outfit and pranced around the stage leaving viewers uneasy about the satanic iconography. Countless people have commented on the performance, including Twitter owner Elon Musk. Musk bought up Twitter back in October 2022, and has since become part of every conversation taking place on the bird site. In a thread about Smith's Unholy performance, Musk jumped in to describe how it looked as a viewer. Twitter user Clown World posted a video of Smith with the question: "Wtf is this?" Musk flippantly replied: "End of day vibes." It didn't take long for him to double down and slam the star's performance, either. Another Twitter Blue user commented: "Unpopular take: Kinda lame vibes." Musk added: "If that’s satan, we have nothing to worry about." (sic) This isn't the first time Smith has received criticism for his music and performances of Unholy. Shortly after the star played the song at the Grammys many viewers hit out on Twitter. DON'T MISS...Megyn Kelly brands Sam Smith ‘satanic’ after Grammys performance [NEWS]Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [INFO]Strictly's Motsi Mabuse swipes at Jennifer Lopez over Ben Affleck [INSIGHT] One disgruntled fan said: "You don't have to be super religious to be disturbed by that Sam Smith devil-worshipping performance." (sic) Another posted: “I know we on the right probably use the word satanic too often but this performance from Sam Smith is literally a tribute to Satan." (sic) A third chimed in: "I’m really so sick of the satanic and demonic references…even with the hypocrisy — I still wanna know WHY Nicki, Sam Smith, Lil Nas X, and so many others reference the devil." (sic) A fourth added: "How you go from those tributes to Sam Smith dressed as a devil? That devil-worshipping performance was trash. And it's been done so many times. I'm disappointed af." (sic) Meanwhile, Petras demonstrated a lot of gratitude to Smith after they won their Grammy. The German star, who is transgender, praised the singer for promoting her work. While accepting her award she said: "Sam, I love you so much, and this song has been such an incredible, incredible journey for me, and Sam has been a supporter of mine for so long. Sam graciously wanted me to accept this award because I'm the first transgender woman to win this award. I just want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me, who kicked these doors open for me so I could be here tonight."