Sussex Police have further arrested Constance Marten and Mark Gordon on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter as their baby remains missing. The couple was initially arrested on Monday following a seven-week police search as officials hoped to locate their newborn child, who remains missing. In a statement released today, police said they had to "consider the possibility" that the child may have come to harm. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford told reporters today that the child may have come to harm due to the couple having been in custody for "significant period of time". The officer said: "We have had a significant period of time in custody facility with both Constance and Mark. "At this time we have not furthered that information, which has now obviously led to the position where we feel that the risk is getting so great that we now have to consider the possibility that the baby has come to harm." He added: "I can confirm that they were initially arrested on suspicion of child neglect." READ MORE: Constance Marten and boyfriend arrested but newborn still missing "I can now confirm that they have been further arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter and that they remain in custody at police stations in Sussex. "The baby was not with them, and we have not found the baby as yet." Officers are yet to confirm vital details about the baby's identity. They are still unsure whether it is a boy or girl and are awaiting the results of a test on a placenta belonging to Ms Marten. As they await the results, Sussex Police investigators have said they are combing a "vast area". They have found a trace of the child in a pair of pink earmuffs, giving case leads some hope. In a statement released earlier today, DS Lewis Basford said officers are searching the "local vicinity" for the building where the couple was hiding. He told reporters they are looking for a "shelter or location" where "hopefully" the baby is present. Detective Basford added: "The arrest location was close to open land and the couple were moving towards that land. "And that's why we are focusing heavily on where we are right now." "We know that they travel, we know they travel long distances. "My plea to the members of the public here in Brighton and crossing over towards Newhaven is please be vigilant in the open land where you are, in the outbuildings that you may have on your own property, and assist us in that way by being vigilant." Pictures show the only trace of the child found so far is a pair of pink earmuffs. Images showed the item after it was bagged by officers at the scene in Brighton. More than 200 policemen have joined the search for the missing newborn, which now covers a 10-mile radius. Police have offered a £10,000 reward for information that could lead to the child's location. Ms Marten, the daughter of British aristocrat Napier Marten, and Mr Gordon were on the run for seven weeks, having disappeared following the birth of their child in January. Neither the mother nor child are believed to have seen a doctor since the birth, and the couple has gone to great lengths to avoid capture over the last month. They reportedly paid only in cash, disguised themselves in front of CCTV, and may have booked hotels under pseudonyms.