Speculation has been rife over whether Prince Harry and Meghan would make an appearance at the historic occasion at Westminster Abbey on May 6. It follows their string of attacks on the royals, with the Duke’s tell-all memoir the latest salvo. But a friend said: “Members of the royal family have told me both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that." “And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the Royal Family will be willing to discuss and that’s the weather.” If the Sussexes, who quit royal duties in 2020, do attend it is understood they will not have an official role at the ceremony, or appear on Buckingham Palace’s balcony. The disgraced Duke of York is another who is not expected to have a ceremonial role at the King’s Coronation as he is not a working member of the monarchy. However, Prince Andrew is still a Knight of the Garter, who traditionally have performed significant roles at coronations. Four stood at the corners of the Coronation Chair during the anointing when the late Queen was crowned. There have been suggestions that the Prince of Wales and King Charles’s three siblings could perform the role at his Coronation. But sources close to the Palace have dismissed the suggestion that Andrew could be involved. Meanwhile, it has emerged that the King’s anointment oil has been created by a chemist who worked on a council estate in Hull. Mark Hutton, a pharmacist who was employed at a Lloyds Pharmacy, has produced a modern incarnation of the oil using a secret recipe dating back to the days of Charles I. The chemist, 66, who also served as a church minister, spent eight months sourcing the ingredients replacing animal-derived products with synthetic versions. He said: “I know it was all a secret, but for me, making the coronation oil, not only as a pharmacist but also as a now retired minister… to have done that considering the biblical history and the significance of it, it’s been worth living for me, that.”