Lisa Marie Presley only knew her father Elvis Presley for the first nine years of her life, before his sudden death of a heart attack at just 42 in 1977. When he separated from her mother Priscilla Presley in 1972, The King would have his daughter stay at Graceland during her school holidays. She’d get up to all kinds of mischief since the star slept all day and was up all night, being far from strict. One person she knew well as a child was Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith, the last surviving original Memphis Mafia member, who lived in a trailer on the mansion’s estate. Following Lisa’s untimely death last month at just 54, he and his wife Jo have paid tribute to her and shared some funny stories of her and Elvis from back in the Seventies. Speaking on his YouTube channel Elvis Fans Matter, Billy said of Lisa Marie, who he hasn’t seen since she was around 13: “She was funny in a whole lot of ways. She was funny a lot like her Daddy and her Mom. Even though we hadn’t seen them for years, we still care about them deeply.” The King’s close relative then began telling a story of a time when Lisa Marie was visited by “the Tooth Fairy”. What happened next saw Elvis putting his foot down after a confrontation with his ex-wife. Billy shared: “At Graceland, she had pulled a tooth and boy she was just yelling. She run in there and she was telling her Daddy, ‘Daddy, Daddy! I pulled a tooth!’ And he said, ‘Oh that’s good Lisa. Let me see, oh yeah you’ve got a little gap there but they’re gonna come back and it’ll come back better.’ Lisa couldn’t wait and said she’d put it under her pillow as the Tooth Fairy always left her something. The King's cousin continued: “So she went to bed at night and Elvis went in there and got the tooth out from under there and put a 10 dollar bill or something like that. She got up the next day and she waited and waited until finally, Elvis woke up that afternoon. And she said, ‘Daddy, Daddy would you take me to the store? The Tooth Fairy has left me $10!’ And he said, ‘Oh really? That’s good baby, maybe in a little while, but let Daddy get awake.’" Lisa then phoned her mother to tell her that the Tooth Fairy had visited and left her that amount of money. Priscilla was not happy and called Elvis to challenge him. READ MORE: Elvis Presley turned down Roy Orbison song and lived to regret it Priscilla told Elvis: “Look, you’re spoiling her! I usually give her a quarter or 50 cents for pulling a tooth. I’d rather you didn’t do that.” Billy said this really “teed Elvis off” and The King replied: “Look, let me tell you something, I don’t know the damn going rate for a Tooth Fairy. You give her what you want to and I’ll give her what I want to and that’s the way it is!” Elvis later told his cousin what had happened, who found the whole thing hilarious. SOURCE