Former Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson’s controversial remarks about Meghan Markle, 41, had sparked claims that Amazon Prime Video were set to pull the plug on his shows. However, Jeremy has now put Clarkson’s Farm viewers’ worries at ease, by confirming the show will return for season three via a Twitter post. The documentary series won the presenter new fans, as viewers enjoyed watching car expert Jeremy, 62, venture into uncharted territory - running a farm in the Cotswolds. Clarkson’s Farm debuted on Amazon Prime Video in 2021, with its second series premiering this month after Jeremy faced international backlash due to his scathing comments about the Duchess of Sussex. Jeremy was condemned after suggesting in his column for The Sun that Meghan should be “paraded naked” through the streets and pelted with “excrement”. The outrage surrounding the column, which has since been deleted, led Variety to report that Amazon Prime Video would be axing Jeremy’s shows, including Clarkson’s Farm and The Grand Tour, which he fronts with James May and Richard Hammond. READ MORE... Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits Jeremy has now set the record straight on the matter, however, as he took to Twitter to respond to a fan.  The fan in question praised Jeremy on his latest farm series, writing: “I loved it watched it on Saturday that just passed, loved the show can't wait for a season 3 if there is one.”  To the delight of the viewer, Jeremy simply replied by saying: "There is one."  Many fans rushed to comment on the announcement, with one writing back: “Glad to hear it!” Another enthused: "Best news I’ve heard in a long time! I have learned so much from Clarkson’s Farm. “I was never appreciative of or properly thankful for the work and sacrifice that goes into my daily bread. I am now.” “Brilliant news for the farming community,” a third fan gushed. “So happy to hear that!!!! We need more shows like this,” a fourth viewer responded. DON'T MISS:Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death Jeremy Clarkson ‘was stupid’ says longtime friend Richard HammondCharli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards It comes after Jeremy issued an apology to both Meghan and her husband Prince Harry about his vile comments aimed at the royal.  He had written in his column earlier this year that Meghan should be “paraded naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her".  Jeremy went on to admit he “hates” Meghan and compared the former Suits actress to serial killer Rose West.  Following widespread criticism, Jeremy said: “I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. It's a mea culpa with bells on. “It was a slow rumble to start with and I ignored it. But then the rumble got louder. So I picked up a copy of The Sun to see what all the fuss was about.  “We’ve all been there, I guess. In that precise moment when we suddenly realise we’ve completely messed up.  “You are sweaty and cold at the same time. And your head pounds. And you feel sick.  “I couldn’t believe what I was reading. Had I really said that? It was horrible."