As the second longest-serving character on NBC’s hit procedural Law and Order SVU, fans have grown extremely fearful Ice-T could soon announce his departure from the show. The concerns grew even bigger with the recent release of his all-new podcast.  Ice-T first appeared on CBS as Fin Tutuola in 2000 during the second season of Law and Order SVU. His character quickly became a fan favourite and an even more beloved addition to the show when he was promoted to Olivia Benson’s (played by Mariska Hargitay) second in command. As the second longest-serving character behind Benson, fans became worried about how much longer the 64-year-old would star on screens. This came after the recent departure of Amanda Rollins (Kelli Giddish), to whom fans bid an emotional goodbye, earlier this season. READ MORE: Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' The rapper-turned-actor has added fuel to the rumours with the announcement of his new podcast, Ice-T’s Daily Game. Taking to Twitter, the star shared: “ATTENTION @icetsdailygame is now live. “Listen to me break down inspirational quotes every weekday on my new podcast Ice-T’s Daily Game on iHeartRadio, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.” Ice-T provided more insight into his new project as he revealed: “Every day I give out something called an ice-cold fact or a daily game.   “And it's just things that I've learned or quotes that I use from my life. A lot of them come from me, a lot of them come from other people I respect.” Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, he added: “I recorded 200 of them and they'll come on every day. And hopefully, this inspires people and motivates people.” “I think we all need motivation and we all need some of the keys that some successful people use to win.” Viewers were first concerned about his potential departure after misreading a social media post. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [REACTION]Law and Order SVU fans fume over axed character after Benson row [REACTION]Law and Order SVU fans fume over episode 14 delay [REACTION]   Alongside a video, Ice-T shared: “SVU behind the scenes from Friday night. Filming my character FIN’s episode #SVUSeason24.” As a result, thousands floored his comment section, assuming he referred to his character Fin as final. The actor is well aware of the concerns surrounding his future on Law and Order SVU as he previously spoke about his dream exit episode. He stated: "If I got to go, I want to go in a blaze of glory. Blow me up in a car. I want to be murdered.”   However, as well as a death Ice-T admitted he would also like to see Fin take on other challenges elsewhere in the Law and Order franchise. “[I'm] in the Wolf Universe. You understand? Law and Order could end and I could be climbing a ladder on Chicago Fire, I could be over on Organized Crime,  so maybe I don't want to die.” In another interview with Distractify, the actor said he planned on staying on Law and Order SVU until the very end. He added: “I'm trying to stay on the show until they decide it's over, Dick Wolf knows I'm a franchise player. I'm there for the ride.” Law and Order season 24 continues Thursdays on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 