An army of older people are leading a major jobs revival in the UK as record numbers of people return to the workforce. New figures show almost 50,000 people have returned to employment, having previously been economically inactive, in the past three months. The “great unretirement” is a sign that the cost-of-living crisis could be forcing people to top up their incomes. Earlier this year Chancellor Jeremy Hunt urged older people who dropped out of the workforce in the pandemic to return to help ease chronic labour shortages. Ministers are also examining pension reforms to lure over-50s back into the workplace. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), 48,000 people moved out of economic inactivity and into employment between the three months to September and the three months to December. This was a record-high movement of economically inactive people into the workforce, the ONS said. Economic inactivity refers to people who are not in the workforce but have not been looking for a job, meaning they would not be defined as unemployed. The movement was driven by young people aged between 16 to 24, and people between 50 and 64. The surge in younger people going back into work could reflect seasonal trends as students took on part-time jobs over the festive season. However, the wave of over-50s returning to jobs could be reflective of the “great unretirement”, experts suggested. The phrase has been coined after the pandemic ushered in a wave of people quitting their jobs, known as the “great resignation”. The ONS has pointed to a reversal of that trend in recent months, suggesting that people who previously chose to leave work are seeking to plug the holes in their finances. Helen Morrissey, head of pension analysis at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “The great unretirement helped drive a record number of people back to work. “After an exodus from the workplace during the pandemic, more people are swapping the sofa for the office chair again. “The rising cost of living will be playing a part as people are realising their pensions may not go as far as they had expected. “However, we also know some of these people stopped work because of long-term sickness, so better health may have encouraged them to reconsider a return to work.” It comes as people’s real wages continue to be outstripped by rising prices. The ONS data showed average regular pay growth hit 6.7 percent in the three months to December, the strongest growth rate the UK has seen outside of the pandemic. With the consumer prices inflation (CPI) rate reaching 10.5 percent in December, it means that the average worker’s wages are still not keeping up with the soaring cost of living. Once CPI is taken into account, the ONS said regular pay fell by 3.6 percent compared to the previous year – among the largest falls in real pay since comparable records began in 2001. While there are early signs of people returning to work post-pandemic, the levels of economic inactivity are still far higher than before Covid in early 2020. Andrew Bailey, governor of the Bank of England, said earlier this month that inactivity among 50 to 65-year-olds was dragging on the UK’s labour supply and “weighs on the economy’s potential”. He acknowledged that many were making a lifestyle choice to retire early while others were affected by long-term illness which means they may never return to work. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, said: “It’s a worry that the recovery in the labour market is so anaemic for the over-50s, with businesses struggling to recruit and many people struggling with cost-of-living increases. “It raises questions about how much support is being given to helping them get back into work and whether the Government could do more to bring the skills and experience back into the workforce to help drive economic growth.” In a speech last month Mr Hunt hinted at financial incentives as he delivered a rallying cry to people who retired early after the pandemic “Britain needs you”. “We will look at the conditions necessary to make work worth your while,” he added. Whitehall sources said this could mean raising the £1million lifetime allowance on tax-free pension savings. This limit has been blamed for driving thousands of doctors and other professionals into early retirement. The Government is also examining proposals to expand ”mid-life MOTs” to include pensions advice for people considering retiring early, amid fears that thousands are quitting the workforce without enough savings to properly fund their retirement. The pension shake-up is one of a range of ideas being considered as part of a major “workplace review” led by Work and Pensions Secretary Mel Stride. Ministers have been criticised for repeatedly raiding pensions by lowering tax thresholds to the point where many better paid employees are penalised for working into later life. The lifetime allowance, which stood at £1.8million in 2012, has been cut in stages to its current level of just over £1million. It is due to be frozen until 2026 despite the ravages of inflation. At the same time, the annual allowance governing the tax-free total that workers can pay into their pension each year has been slashed from £255,000 to just £40,000.