The Premier League have now released the results of their four-year investigation into Manchester City with the Etihad outfit charged with 'numerous breaches of financial rules'. Der Spiegel published leaked emails back in 2018, which suggested Sheikh Mansour had inflated City's commercial figures to get around Financial Fair Play rules. City continued to vehemently deny any breaches of financial rules, but the publication of the leaked emails sparked a four-year investigation from the Premier League. Now the English top flight have published their findings with an unprecedented number of breaches listed. The Premier League have announced that their findings have now been referred to a Commission under Premier League Rules W.3.4. The alleged breaches are listed by the Premier League in their statement including more than 100 separate breaches. City could now face a points deduction or even expulsion from the Premier League altogether following the charges, although the situation is seen as unprecedented. The Premier League's list of charges date between 2009 and 2018 and have split the alleged breaches into four different sections.  In between 2009 and 2018, City are alleged to have breached the 'provision by a member club to the Premier League, in the utmost good faith, of accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club’s financial position, in particular with respect to its revenue (including sponsorship revenue), its related parties and its operating costs' on more than 50 different occasions. The report also details how City are alleged to have broken the rule for disclosing 'full details of manager remuneration'. Der Spiegel's original investigation alleged that Roberto Mancini received a 'significant portion' of compensation from a 'fictitious consultancy contract' back in 2013.  Potentially most damning is the third section of the Premier League's findings, which focuses on its members to require 'a member club to comply with UEFA’s regulations, including UEFA’s Club Licensing and Financial Fair Play Regulations'. City are alleged to have broken the 'statutes and regulations of UEFA' from 2013 to 2018. UEFA originally banned City from the Champions League for two years following their own FFP investigation back in 2020. The fine was also reduced to £9m, although CAS did note that 'most of the alleged breaches were either not established or time-barred'. There is no-such time restraint on allegations from the Premier League's investigation of an alleged offence. 