Your new sheets may feel stiff and rough because of the manufacturing process. New sheets are often treated with chemicals to make the sheets look and feel crisp and new, which is one reason it is highly recommended to wash your sheets before use. Fortunately, new sheets soften up with regular washing. However, there are some laundry tricks you can use to speed up the softening process with both high-quality and low-quality sheets, according to the bedding experts at Mattress Clarify. They said: “There are tons of different ways to soften sheets. Keep in mind most of these methods work best for linen, flannel, jersey, polyester blend, and cotton sheets. “Luxury fabrics like silk and sateen are very delicate, so you should stick to the washing instructions on the package if you like those fabrics.” To soften bed sheets with baking soda and white vinegar, start by putting the sheets in the washing machine with one cup of baking soda and run it on a full cycle. During the rinse cycle, switch to cold water and add half a cup of white vinegar to the machine. The experts noted that it’s important to not use laundry detergent during this wash. READ MORE: ‘Very common’ washing mistakes to avoid for ‘better’ bedding They said: “This natural and affordable method breaks down old detergent residue that can leave your sheets feeling stiff and dull.” For those who want to try this out but don’t want to come back to the washing machine between cycles, they can put the baking soda and vinegar in at once, but put the baking soda in the detergent compartment and the vinegar in the fabric softener compartment. If they are added to the same compartment, the pro said: “They’ll react and you’ll end up with a mess on your hands." After taking the freshly baking soda and vinegar treated sheets out of the wash, try to line dry them outside, of course only when the weather allows. DON'T MISS‘Best’ rule to follow when pruning houseplants - ‘encourage flowering’ [EXPERT]Houseplants to make a home smell ‘spectacular’ that lasts all year [INSIGHT]‘Melt away’ tea cup stains with 4p cleaning item - ‘excellent results’ [TIPS] The expert warned: “Putting your sheets in the dryer can cause shrinkage that makes your bed linens feel scratchy.” For those who don’t have a good place to line dry their sheets, tumble dry them on the lowest setting. A gentle cycle can replicate some of the softening effects of a line dry. According to the bedding experts, for those who want “the absolute softest sheets”, they should try soaking their bed linens in Epsom salts. They explained: “This is an ultra-gentle method and is great for fabrics that you might need to hand wash.” READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover To do this fill a bathtub with cold water and about 50g of Epsom salts. Hand wash the sheets by stirring them around for a few minutes to ensure they really absorb the salt. Leave the sheets overnight to soak. In the morning, either rinse them in the washing machine (on a cold cycle) or rinse them by hand. The pros added: “Line dry your sheets after this for the softest results.” For those who have a new set of sheets that just won’t stop feeling scratchy, households can try washing them multiple times. Complete a full wash and dry cycle two or three times before sleeping on the new sheets. The experts said: “This can work wonders on fabrics that need to be broken in, like linen.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Reusable wool dryer balls are a “great way” to make fabric “less stiff” for those who can’t line dry, need the experts. Use them when tumble drying sheets on a low setting. For those who don’t have dryer balls on hand, clean tennis balls are “a great substitute”, claimed the pros. They said: “Either option will soften and fluff up your sheets for you. Dryer sheets can also work well for removing static, but they’re not quite as softening.” However, for those who want to avoid needing to soften scratchy sheets, consider choosing a super soft set from the shop. The best way to buy soft sheets is to consider the fabric, thread count, and quality.