Warning: The following article contains spoilers from The Last of Us episode six. Episode six of the critically acclaimed drama The Last of Us aired this week, as fans watch Ellie (played by Bella Ramsey) and Joel (Pedro Pascal) continue their trek across a post-apocalyptic America, trying to stay alive as they fend off the zombie-like creatures that have been infected with the Cordyceps virus. In a behind-the-scenes clip Ramsey opened up about the stresses of filming the recent episode of the hit drama.  They feature in a behind the scenes look at the filming of The Last of Us episode six, released by HBO Max called Inside the Episode. Ramsey discussed the stress they and co-star Pascal felt during filming the famous scene, that most fans would have recognised from the video game the show is based off. The inside episode shows executive producer and writer Craig Mazin explaining the importance of the scene. He recalled: “That screen is perhaps the most famous scene from the game, we did it almost exactly, we changed a few things here and there. The general execution was something I thought was important.” After last week's action-packed ending, episode six takes things at a much slower pace by pairing its characters up and letting them engage in heartfelt conversations. Three months had passed and winter has come since fans last saw Ellie and Joel, but it’s clear the pair’s relationship has developed as they continued their quest to find Joel’s lost-brother, Tommy. The once-separated brothers finally reunite after months of being apart with both Joel and Tommy (Gabriel Luna) rekindling their relationship after facing many hardships during the aftermath of the Cordyceps pandemic. The pair finally find Tommy in the village of Jackson, Wyoming, where they get a glimpse of what life could be for them both. Joel's brother appears to be an important figure in the daily upkeep of Jackson, and has a reliable partner in Maria, who he is expecting a child with. But things get a little tense in a perfect execution of one of the game's most iconic moments, Ellie sits in the bay window of someone else's bedroom, reading about the sort of life she’ll never have. Joel’s abrupt way of dealing with things eventually causes Ellie and Joel to have their biggest clash to date. Ellie and Joel hit the road again but end up in a scuffle with another crew and the episode ends on another nail-biting cliffhanger, meaning fans will have to wait till next week to see what unfolds. The dramatic scene in question is where Ramsey and Pascal are having a heated conversation about losing their loved ones. In the tense scene, Ellie says: “Everybody I have cared for has either died or left me except for you." The actor recalled the pressure from producers to get the scene spot on, as they said: “Me and Pedro - both of us - really felt the pressure of that. "And when you feel too pressured in something, when you've created that for yourself it can be hard to perform how you want to. Yeah, I had sleepless nights over that scene.”  In an interview with Elle promoting the series, the actor opened up about stresses they have faced in their acting career before. During the filming of The Worst Witch where they played the role of Mildred Hubble, they discussed the “reoccurring issues” they had to deal with whilst filming the first season of the show. They departed the show after suffering mental health issues, explaining: “I know it's sort of been publicised a lot that I left [The Worst Witch] for mental health reasons.” “I would say the more accurate description is that I had resolved a lot of my mental health problems by that point. "This is not something that I want to continue to string out and have the recurring issues that stem from that first season. I don't need or want to do this anymore.” The Last of Us is streaming on Sky Atlantic and Now in the UK. The Last of Us continues on HBO in the US.