On Tuesday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, Sally Nugent and Jon Kay welcomed Health Minister Maria Caulfield onto the show to discuss the rejection of a menopause leave pilot. However, many viewers slammed Nugent for how she spoke to the MP as they called her out for constantly interrupting Caulfield. At the start of the year, the government decided to decline a menopause leave trial proposed by The Women and Equalities Committee of the House of Commons. The pilot would have allowed women, who were going through menopause, to have a set amount of paid leave per year. It was designed to help women cope with the challenges of going through the menopause and the many symptoms that arise such as hot flushes, difficulty sleeping, anxiety and memory problems. However, the government rejected the proposal and instead wanted employers to implement certain workplace policies surrounding menopause. READ MORE:Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley    Speaking about the rejection on BBC Breakfast, Nugent grilled Caulfield on the decision. She said: “The effect of menopause in the workplace is real and we are losing women from the workforce because they can’t cope with the symptoms of menopause. “I don’t think the answer is to take women out of the workplace, we want the workplace to adjust to women’s needs.” Although Caulfield started to explain certain employers are keen to help adapt to women going through menopause, Nugent interrupted. “There is a significant way to go for the workplace to catch up with women, isn’t there?" the host stated.   “There might be a situation where women do need some type of leave, not for years, but a certain amount of leave.” Elsewhere in the interview, the BBC Breakfast host mentioned a menopause task force had been set up and was supposed to meet up every two months. Reading a statement, Nugent shared that according to Caroline Nokes, they haven’t met since the summer of 2022, and asked Caulfield if this was correct. Caulfield replied: “The menopause task force has been meeting-" but was cut off by Nugent: “When was the last time?” Continuing, the Health Minister added: “I’m meeting with my co-chair Carline Harris actually next week to discuss it- DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay sends message to Dan Walker after accident [VIDEO] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [INSIGHT] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex fuels dating rumours after 'kiss' [DANCING ON ICE]    However, Nugent continued to question Caulfield to give an exact date for when the task force last met as she continued to interrupt. BBC viewers slammed Nugent for interrupting with BikersPeaky writing: “@BBCBreakfast really fed up with such aggressive interviewing, it’s really not necessary at all. Calm down Sally!!!” Lizatamawalk added: “@BBCBreakfast Sally your aggressive attitude does not help this interview.” Jacks1912s said: “Sally is a disgrace this morning. This government are shocking but give credit where it’s due. They’re actually helping women here. #BBCBreakfast."   PracTired tweeted: “#BBCBreakfast do you have to take such an aggressive tone, Sally?” Davewri96683495 swiped: “@BBCBreakfast Nugent, stop interrupting the lady. Let her answer. You are better than this.” With Koltiwa added: “@BBCBreakfast Stop interrupting people for goodness sake." BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am. 