King Charles III has launched a new special Coronation tipple, ahead of the historic event set to take place in May. The Royal Windsor Pink Gin has been crafted in time for the big day and, according to royalcollectionshop.co.uk, it has been made using "hand-picked raspberries from across the Royal Estate". The Pink Gin, which launched on February 17, is "spiced with piquant pink peppercorns and warming cassia bark, while orange peel and rose petal add a subtle sweetness". According to the official Royal Collection Shop website, the hand-picked raspberries are then "infused into the spirit, lending the gin a fruity finish and vibrant pink hue". Alongide official photographs of the drink, MyLondon royal journalist Rebecca Russell tweeted: "The Royal Collection Trust have released images of the pink gin they have recently launched ahead of His Majesty's coronation in May. "The drink is infused with raspberries grown on the Royal Estate in Windsor." READ MORE: Queen Camilla sees boost to popularity despite recent spate of vicious trolling According to the website, shipping is only available in the UK, Germany, New Zealand and Australia. The drink retails for £38 for a 70cl bottle and is available from the Royal Collection shops in Windsor, London and Edinburgh. All profits made from the sales will go to the registrated charity, The Royal Collection Trust. The new gin would have gained the Queen's seal of approval, with the late monarch's favourite cocktail said to be a gin and Dubonnet. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King Charles ‘won’t have time’ for Coronation peace talks with Harry The late Queen, who died in September aged 96, reportedly enjoyed the tipple just before lunch. Etiquette expert William Hanson previously posted a video to Instagram explaining how to make the late Queen's favourite cocktail.Mr Hanson said that it is a "refreshingly fruity drink with a slightly bitter edge". DON'T MISS Dubonnet, which is pronounced Dubonnay, is a wine-based aperitif. It has a 15 percent alcohol volume, with a blend of fortified wine, herbs and spices. As well as the late Queen, the Queen Mother, who died in 2002, was also a fan of the cocktail.