Boris Johnson has been slammed for hypocrisy after his latest Brexit intervention, while Rishi Sunak has been urged to stand up to the EU. This comes as the UK engages in crunch talks with the EU, in a last-ditch attempt to solve ongoing issues with the Northern Ireland Protocol. DUP MP Sammy Wilson warned the Prime Minister that the current negotiations are a "historic moment" for the UK, warning: "He's got to choose if he is the Prime Minister of the whole of the UK". Over the weekend, Mr Johnson added to mounting pressure on Mr Sunak to take a stand against the EU, reminding the Prime Minister of the existence of his Northern Ireland Protocol Bill - which could torpedo the hated legislation. A source close to Mr Johnson said it was his view that "it would be a great mistake to drop the Northern Ireland protocol bill". But a senior Tory source hit out at the intervention, suggesting it was hypocritical. They said: "Boris warning the government not to do exactly what he did to get a good deal with the EU is very Boris." The Daily Express last week revealed that Mr Johnson was planning the intervention over the Protocol, with a source telling the paper: "It won't be all guns blazing, it will be classic Boris. He won't go out and say the UK has been betrayed, he'll be a lot more clever than that. "It will be something like 'Rishi, I know you can get a better deal', while also being out there scheming behind his back." The Conservative party insider claimed that Mr Johnson will "then come out swinging" if Mr Sunak doesn't deliver, using the issue as a "springboard" to improve his own standing within the Conservative party. "Boris is waiting for the local elections in May, but this issue is the perfect springboard for what he wants", the source explained. Over the weekend, former Chancellor George Osborne told Andrew Neil on Channel 4 that Mr Johnson "is interested in becoming Prime Minister again", claiming "he wants to bring down Rishi Sunak and he will use any instrument to do it." The UK has been locked in talks with the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol, which has caused severe delays and shortages, since October 2021. Mr Sunak held crunch talks in Belfast last week, before meeting with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference over the weekend. While Downing Street and EU leaders are thought to be edging closer to an agreement, there are concerns that the deal will allow the European Court of Justice to maintain a role in policing the deal. This has been met with anger from members of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party and the right wing of the Tory party. A Conservative Party insider warned: "The ERG is wound up. The Boris faction is licking their lips." Speaking to Sky News this morning, DUP MP Sammy Wilson warned: "So far what we have had is some tinkering with the protocol, but the fundamental issue of the protocol is that northern Ireland is now separated from the rest of the UK. That's impacted on the union and we've found ourselves economically disadvantaged." He warned that if Northern Ireland continues to remain inside the single market under the renegotiated protocol, the DUP would continue its boycott of the Stormont Assembly, which has been ongoing since February 2021. Mr Wilson said: "We believe that such an arrangement is designed to take us out of the United Kingdom". The MP explained: "We would have to agree EU laws which diverge from UK laws, and in doing so would separate our own country from the rest of the UK. We're British, and we expect to be governed by UK law, not EU law."  The ERG this morning gave a strong indication that its members will vote against any compromise with the EU which keeps the protocol going in anywhere close to its current form. ERG deputy chairman David Jones told the Daily Express: "The problem is that we still haven't seen any details yet or any formal written text. What worries me is that they will try to get a vote without [a written text] on something like a Command Paper which only provides a narrative. "In the end though they will have to show that there will no longer be any dynamic alignment of law between Northern Ireland and the EU. That has to end or else there is a good chance it will be opposed." An announcement on the deal was initially expected to come as early as Tuesday, but it is understood that the deal may be delayed while Mr Sunak attempts to resolve opposition from the DUP and the right of his own party. 