Death in Paradise season 12 has been gripping BBC viewers since it returned to the small screen, but particularly over the past couple of weeks. DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) was arrested on suspicion of murdering a suspect, not that the rest of the team believed he did it. Among those standing firmly in his corner was Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) who refused to believe Neville would be capable of the crime. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise. Don Warrington MBE is a Trinidadian-born actor who rose to fame as Philip Smith in the ITV sitcom Rising Damp. Since then, his biggest role to date has been as the stern, but good-natured, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson in BBC's comedy-drama Death in Paradise. He has featured in all 12 seasons of the show with the only other original star being actress Elizabeth Bourgine as Catherine Bordey. During his time as the Commissioner, Warrington has also worked on The World According to Grandpa, You, Me and Him, Henry IX, Sunny D and The Five. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Commissioner Selwyn Patterson actor Don Warrington is 177.8cm tall, according to Celeb Heights. This is equivalent to 5ft 10 in, which is a couple of inches taller than the average man, going by the Office for National Statistics. He is shorter than his fellow Death in Paradise actor Ralf Little, who is 6ft. Meanwhile, Elizabeth Bourgine is 5ft 7 and Tahj Miles, Shantol Jackson and Ginny Holder are about 5ft 8. Season 12 has been a particularly interesting series for the Commissioner after discovering he had a daughter. His journalist ex-wife Maggier Harper (Orla Brady) returned to the island to report on a chess tournament and later divulged she was pregnant when they split. The Commissioner was stunned to learn he had a grown-up daughter called Andrina Harper (Genesis Lynea) who later flew out to Saint Marie to meet him. It didn't exactly get off to the best start but gradually, they both started opening up to one another, and igniting their bond. DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [CAST]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXPLAINER]Death In Paradise's Don Warrington flaunts muscles in unearthed photo [REVEALED] He will be returning for the last episode of the series which will air this evening, Friday, February 24, at 9pm on BBC One. The description reads: "The team investigates the murder of a renowned calypso singer's husband. "Neville believes it is poison since the paramedics found blue traces on the man's fingers, but there are several lines of inquiry to follow. "Away from the case, Neville struggles with Sophie's betrayal and informs the Commissioner that he intends to leave Saint Marie in order to extract himself from various reminders." Going forward, the BBC hasn't confirmed if there will be a season 13 on the way. Series 11 and 12 were announced as part of a double renewal a couple of years ago, but there has been radio silence regarding its future this time around. Giving its global popularity though, it does seem very likely for fans to expect more to come from those on Saint Marie. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.