However, Keanu (played by Danny Walters) stormed back into Walford back in December 2022 after leaving Sharon (Letitia Dean) heartbroken and disappearing for three years. Keanu was keen to reunite with Sharon and their two-year-old son Albie Watts but was shot down by Sharon who ordered him to stay away from them. However, official EastEnders spoilers reveal the pair are set to put aside their differences and rekindle their romance. In upcoming scenes, Sharon and Keanu meet at The Vic and the pair share a passionate reunion in the bathroom following a conversation about their feelings. A flustered Sharon and Keanu return to bar and are greeted by sarcastic comments from Denise Fox (Diane Parish), leading the other drinkers to realise what they’ve been up to. Sharon’s heartbroken when Keanu receives a voice note from Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) hinting at their romance in Spain. Heartbroken by Keanu’s actions, and angry at herself for letting her guard down, Sharon banishes Keanu, who reluctantly leaves The Vic READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments He's devastated he may have blown his chances with her, but will he be able to win her over? Later, an upset Keanu bumps into Sharon in the café and is taken aback when she unleashes some home truths about him and their relationship. Keanu is later accosted by Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) on his first doorman shift at Peggy’s to take part in her Livestream. After some persuasion, Keanu steps in to save the day and is a huge success until a shocked Sam arrives... leaving him flustered. Needing some advice and after a chat with Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace), Sharon calls Keanu to reveal she still loves him. Keanu wakes up and hears the message from Sharon and is relieved he hasn't messed up the chance to rekindle their romance. Over at No.43, Sharon and Keanu put aside their differences and agree to a date that evening. Could this finally be the happy ending the couple deserve? DON'T MISS...Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [WATCH]GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST] Their happiness may be short-lived as Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) reveals Sharon's plan to buy the other half of the Vic may be sabotaged. Linda is set to notify Sharon that Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) and Nish Panesar (Navin Chowdhry) have put in a counter off for Mick Carter's (Danny Dyer) half of the Vic. Fuming, Sharon confronts Nish and Suki over their deceit, but just what will they have to say for themselves? Mick died in an explosive episode on Christmas Day after trying to save Linda's life after Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) drove off a cliff and into the English Channel. His heroic act came after Mick learned the truth about wife Janine's framing of Linda and confessed his love for the latter, before dramatically exiting the show in a nail-biting finale which saw him lost at sea. Before his death, Mick asked if he and Linda could try things again, with the latter replying: "Yes, that's all I ever wanted, you're the love of my life, No one else has ever come close, no one." Sharing a kiss, the pair then agreed: "We're never gonna be apart again." EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.