Coronation Street's Sean Tulley (played by Antony Cotton) thought he had finally found a long-term partner in Laurence Reeves (Robert Shaw Cameron) after a string of failed relationships. However, Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) had his suspicions about the newcomer for a while, and it didn't take him long to uncover a dark secret about Laurence. Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) also discovered a picture of Laurence and his late wife, who had her arm around a third man, Mitch. However, when they talked to Mitch, who turned out to be called Andy Mitchell, he had some frightening news about Laurence. During a recent episode of Coronation Street, Laurence was forced to come clean and told Sean he'd had an affair with Mitch, but that he was not capable of murder. Despite Sean's best efforts, Laurence ended up dumping him and he was last seen walking away from the cobbles. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue As Todd called out to him, Laurence sarcastically said: "Make this quick as I'm not in the mood for talking." "He [Sean] said you just split up with him," Todd continued. "This is all my fault, I put those daft ideas into his head because of what Mitch said. "Please. You gotta give Sean another chance." Laurence hit back: "I gave him a second chance at Christmas and here we are again. "There's clearly no trust. It's not that he just thought I was a murderer that's bad enough." "You don't trust someone so you assume they're a killer?" he added before walking off. Meanwhile, as Sean sat with Dylan (Liam Mccheyne), Todd and Eileen, the youngster wasn't buying Laurence's excuses and believed he left because they had exposed his murderous past. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as fans plead for 'irritating' character to go [SPOILERS]Dan Walker's replacement pays tribute to co-star after hospital dash [VIDEO] Many fans have taken to social media to share their thoughts and theories about the storyline. While many admitted they still "don't trust" Laurence, one eagle-eyed fan believes he has a sinister link to serial killer Pat Phelan (Connor McIntyre). It has not been confirmed whether Laurence will return to the cobbles, but if he is linked to Pat, it's only a matter of time before the truth comes out  - and history could soon be repeating itself. Pat had a romantic link to Eileen and in 2018, after a confrontation, he fell into the sea and was presumed dead. Taking to Twitter, @RyanTheSoapking theorised Laurence and Pat were connected He said: "Laurence is definitely a killer. I think he could be related to Pat Phelan #Corrie." Others have compared Laurence to Pat, with @ShakyWoon writing: "Todd comparing Lawrence to Phelan! #Corrie." Another serial killer who has let loose on the cobbles is Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce). Some viewers think the murderer's storyline is similar to Pat's reign of terror. Kathleen wrote: "Here we go another Pat Phelan for the next 2 or 3 years, Ffs script writers change the bloody record, can't stand Stephen's creepy sham of a man #corrie." (sic) While Den compared the conversation Billy (Daniel Brocklebank) had with Stephen to one he had previously with Pat. He shared: "The fact that Billy had a very similar conversation to this with Pat Phelan just after he’d bashed Andy Carver's head in with a laptop should be ringing some alarm bells with the resident vicar, no?" (sic) If Laurence is connected to Pat, he could return to the cobbles seeking revenge on  Sean, Todd and Eileen, who all accused him of being a killer. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.