Outer Banks is coming to Netflix very soon with the third outing teasing a journey to find the lost city of El Dorado. The city of gold becomes the new destination for John B (played by Chase Stokes) and his presumed-dead father. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the series returns. After losing the gold they found in season two and fleeing to a remote island, the Pogues seem to have found their idyllic home. Poguelandia is the title of the first episode and it sees the gang enjoy a carefree lifestyle of fishing and swimming. Yet things take a dark turn when they find themselves in a new race for treasure. The series is made up of 10 episodes, which will all drop at the same time on February 23. READ MORE: Outer Banks' Madelyn Cline discusses working with ex Chase Stokes For viewers in the US, they will have access to the episodes from midnight on this day. But for those watching in the UK, they will have to wait until 8am for the new episodes to arrive. Each episode has been given a unique title and they are as follows: Episode one - Poguelandia Episode two - The Bells Episode three - Father and Sons Episode four - The Diary Episode five - Heists Episode six - The Dark Forest Episode seven - Happy Anniversary Episode eight - Tapping the Rudder Episode nine - Welcome to Kitty Hawk Episode 10 - Secret of the Gnomon Ahead of the season three premiere, the show was renewed for a fourth season. DON'T MISS... Outer Banks season 3: Pope and John B could come to odds treasure Outer Banks: Will Rafe Cameron sacrifice himself for sister Sarah? Outer Banks Season 2: Why Pope Is The Rightful Heir of the Treasure The co-creators, showrunners, and executive producers Jonas Pate, Josh Pate, and Shannon Burke said: "Seeing Poguelandia come to life was nothing short of spectacular. "The Pogues are enjoying an adventure of a lifetime, and we now get to map out more twists and turns as the joyride continues into season four of Outer Banks. "Thank you to Netflix, our cast, and the amazing fans who helped to make this happen." They spoke at the Poguelandia Fan Event in Huntington Beach, California. The trailer for season three shows the gang making the most of their freedom on the deserted island. John B is heard saying how the treasure had turned from a way out to a potential threat to their lives. Kiara (Madison Bailey) is seen being kidnapped by the new enemy, Carlos Singh (Andy McQueen), who is on the hunt for the key to finding El Dorado. The race is on between the Pogues and Carlos as they make reaching the lost city of gold their new mission. Outer Banks season 3 airs on Netflix from February 23.