Liverpool fans could only watch on in frustration and despair as Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United bolstered their midfield ranks on deadline day while Jurgen Klopp has once again been left without any new recruits in what could prove to be a costly mistake. It was a little over six months ago when Liverpool were on the verge of history in their chase for a quadruple and the atmosphere around the Red side of Merseyside was on cloud nine. But the heartbreaking end to the Premier League season and Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid appeared to start a worrying trend that quickly descended into a chaotic campaign. All momentum built up over the past few years has been lost with Klopp now struggling to find a formula to get his side back on track. Injuries have mounted up throughout the season to make that task even more difficult, but it's the engine room - or lack thereof - which has come under the most scrutiny. The January transfer window was seen as an opportunity to somewhat rectify that issue with clubs proving that deals were there to be made. But Liverpool transfer officials seemingly decided that it would be best to wait until the end of the season to overhaul the midfield. It's a move seen as a huge risk by many with Liverpool already facing an almighty battle to qualify for next season's Champions League.  The decision will likely be deemed a success if Jude Bellingham and one other top-quality midfielder still joins Liverpool this summer. But even a short-term fix to help for the final few months of the season could have helped their cause in the league. United proved that was possible as they moved swiftly to bring in Marcel Sabitzer from Bayern Munich on loan after Christian Eriksen was ruled out for several months. The Austria international was previously on the radar of Liverpool prior to his move to Bayern. While arguably not a game-changing signing, it was proof that there were players available. Arsenal too struck what appears to be a bargain deal to sign Jorginho from rivals Chelsea for just £12million.  An experienced pro, Jorginho could have been the type of player to bring some more stability to Liverpool's shaky midfield. There were further examples throughout the January transfer window with Nottingham Forest surprisingly winning the race for Brazil talent Danilo while Wolves brought in Pablo Sarabia for just £4.4m. Liverpool's argument may be that none of them are significant upgrades on what they already have at the club. But United and Arsenal in particular realised there was a problem area they needed solving in January and swiftly acted to fix it. Better deals are always available in the summer, but striking the right move in January can be the difference between a successful second half of the season and not. Now, Liverpool will have to hope that Klopp somehow manages to get his midfield options back firing on all cylinders quickly to turn things around before the expected overhaul happens this summer.