Qatar are understood to be the frontrunners to take over Manchester United from the Glazer family and Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani's project is centered around restoring the former glories of the club. Yet in order to do that, it's clear that United's new owners will have to continue investing heavily on the squad in order to oust the likes of Manchester City and Chelsea in the Premier League.  Similarly to Qatar Sports Investments' acquisition of Paris Saint-Germain, renovating and upgrading the squad is believed to be among the topics top of the agenda. However, one aspect that is allegedly deemed just as important is the preservation and improvement of United's youth system. The club's famous academy has unearthed countless gems over the years and that remains the plan moving forward as there will be a huge influence on youth in addition to spending in the transfer market. Much has already been made of a potential swoop for Kylian Mbappe as he is regarded as the kind of superstar that spearheads Qatar's sporting project. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call But United no longer have to look further afield in search of a talisman as they have already found that in Marcus Rashford this season. The England international has been a different animal under Erik ten Hag having scored 22 goals in all competitions this term. Not only is he consistently delivering top-class performances for the team but he is also inspiring the next generation of young stars behind the scenes at Carrington. Rashford is the perfect Manchester United player in so many ways as he embodies everything there is to be proud about the club. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race He is homegrown and a local boy and furthermore, he has had to grind and graft to remain at the top level after enduring several dips under previous regimes. Yet he has never given up or taken the easy option, which would be to transfer to another Premier League side. Last season, when he was desperately out of form and no longer enjoying his football, it looked like we were approaching the end of Rashford at Old Trafford. Instead, he knuckled down and found ways of improving with the assistance of Ten Hag, who has made him an integral component of his project. There is simply no need to go out and spend an eye-watering fee on Mbappe as they have their very own version in Rashford. The focus for United should be on bringing in a striker that compliments the team and does not impact the impressive dynamic around the place at the moment. Mbappe is a phenomenal player but his arrival would risk upsetting the harmony and spirit within the dressing room. The Frenchman undeniably has an ego and you're never too far away from a story of a dressing room rift at Paris Saint-Germain. That doesn't tend to happen anymore at United and long may that continue. In Rashford they have a special talent and professional worth building around.