There’s really no one you can share this with beyond those in Ukraine. How many people have the experience of being under direct fire of a major world power? The major world power label is disputable now, but the threat of death is not. People often ask why do you stay? The answer is not easy. Part of it is spiritual, another is obligatory, and the rest is lost in the grey mist of war. Kyiv is a very spiritual place and once it grabs you, it is difficult to let go. The obligatory part is that someone that is not Ukrainian has to stay. We who stay must be witnesses and voices for those who left, lost their loves and specifically to let those in our world, in our home countries know that Ukraine deserves military, economic, and humanitarian assistance. Why? Because Ukraine is fighting the good fight. The one that so many of us grew up with, the values of freedom, democracy, justice that we sing in our national anthems and celebrate in our holidays. Here on the ground in Ukraine, we are watching them die for these values that we uphold in our own countries. We have to stand with them because we owe it to them if we are to continue to believe in it back in our own place of birth. Otherwise, it’s just lip service, flag waving, fireworks, a day off from work and a family get together. One day, we in Ukraine want to celebrate that collective holiday of freedom over tyranny. All of our lives have changed in some way here in Ukraine. Some on a major level, others on a minor level. Our lives are in arrested development because of the actions of the Russian Federation. Some of us have made the most of it, learned new skills, gained new friends and many have found a true purpose, a calling. There are no vacations in war. Even if we could take a vacation, how would we live with ourselves knowing our war brothers and sisters are still under the Kremlin’s guns? All we can do is find small escapes to rest our bodies, minds and spirits. Even then, we know there are those in “hot” zones that don’t have that luxury but we in the rear must do it. If we are to remain strong, then we must find that mode that allows us to shut out the war even if only for a minute, an hour, a day. People ask what we fear about a new offensive from Russia. Fear has for the most part been overcome for us that are still here. Death is part of our daily diet, and we meet it with black humour followed by a lot of prayers. We go about our business because we have to. The wartime economy must keep rolling. Aid packages, weapons, and all manner of other essentials must be sent to the front and to those who are suffering. We don’t have time for fear because it slows us down, takes away our focus. There is no making plans for the future other than what it takes to get aidweapons from Point A to Point B along with making sure the Ukrainian soldiers know we have their backs. If you really want to know what it is that we fear, then it is not the next offensive. We fear that the Russians will not stop coming. That they are some Biblical plague that never lets up and keeps coming. We know they have the resources to throw potentially millions of bodies at us. Bodies that we will have to bury because they leave their dead to rot in fields. We know that despite the death, we must remain human and not become like them. This, despite an internal rage that at times sucks out our whole soul. Days when we just want to go to the front and cut down as many as the enemy as possible. Some of our soldiers are doing that and are having a difficult time with it psychologically and spiritually. They realise it is their duty and so they go on as we in the rear go on. What we really fear is not knowing how long the Russians can go on. How many are they willing to lose for nothing? We know they will never win in Ukraine. Ukrainians know it because they will stand to the last because they want what we have: Freedom: Justice: Liberty. Even if it is fragile as we know it to be, we must let them have the chance to achieve it even if they screw it up later.