Tommy Fury is sleeping in a separate room from Molly-Mae Hague and their newborn daughter Bambi Fury ahead of his clash with Jake Paul in order to ensure he gets the best possible kip. Tommy says that he has been getting a ‘solid eight hours’ every night with Molly-Mae taking on the brunt of the parental duties in the lead-up to fight night. The couple, who have been dating since meeting on the fifth series of Love Island back in 2019, welcomed their first child, Bambi, to the world on January 23. Tommy has been with his daughter as much as he can be since her birth but admits that he has had to switch to fight mode with his Saudi showdown fast approaching. “I’m happy to sit here and say that I have the best partner in the world,” he told Express Sport. “She has completely taken all the stress off of me. She knows what’s coming up, she knows how serious it is and I’ve been able to stay in training camp mode and I’m really happy that I can say that. “Molly has been doing everything thing, she has been going above and beyond and is the best mother to my daughter that I could wish for. But I’m looking forward to getting this fight out of the way so I can come back and help her out around the house. As of right now, I’ve had no sleepless nights. I’ve got a good eight hours in. I feel terrible saying that, but she’ll be getting her eight hours in when I come back." “So, I’m in a separate room to them when we sleep," he added when discussing his sleeping arrangements. "Obviously, what’s coming up is a huge event and we have to cut no corners and I’m thankful she understands that. That just makes me a happier fighter and a more dangerous fighter.” Fury and Paul square off on February 26 in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia after eighteen months of disappointment and two cancellations. Ahead of their first fight date back in December 2021, Tommy pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury vs Usyk in doubt as Brit holds 'confidential talks' with Wilder Meet the man behind Paul and Fury's Saudi showdown - EXCLUSIVE Joshua sets retirement deadline ahead of Franklin clash Given their messy history, doubts have been raised by some fans as to whether Tommy will turn up. But the ex-Love Island star insists he will be there. “To everybody that thinks this fight won’t go ahead, I mean on my part which is the only part I can speak for, I will one hundred million per cent be there in Saudi Arabia," he continued. "I want to give a big shout to everybody in Saudi Arabia. I’m looking to put on a show for everyone in attendance and everybody watching around the world."