Cristiano Ronaldo is renowned as one of the fittest and most committed footballers in the world, but he couldn't keep up with Karim Benzema's own training regime according to the Frenchman's personal fitness coach. Ever since breaking through at Manchester United, Ronaldo has spoken of his dedication off the pitch to perfect his craft and fitness. That commitment has seen Ronaldo still play to an elite level while approaching his 40th birthday and he doesn't appear ready to hang up his boots just yet. His prime years were spent at the Bernabeu alongside Benzema with the pair winning a host of trophies together including the Champions League four times. Ronaldo often took the limelight ahead of Benzema due to his incredible scoring record. By the time Ronaldo left Real in 2018, he had averaged more than a goal a game in La Liga over nine seasons. Benzema was no slouch himself during that time and he's taken the mantle at the Bernabeu ever since. The France international finished last season with 44 goals in all competitions before clinching the Ballon d'Or.  Both Benzema and Ronaldo enjoyed a close working relationship on the pitch during their time together at Real. And it appears as though they also pushed each other off it as well to get the best out of each other with Benzema's personal trainer, Javier Atalaya, pointing out just how tough the Frenchman's fitness regime is. "Not even Cristiano could stand the training that Benzema does," he told Radio Marca. Benzema has continued that fine form this season, but he's missed Real's last few matches due to injury.  Atalaya insists Benzema should return from injury soon though as he continues his rehabilitation. "We are calm with Benzema because it is not a serious injury," he added. "Karim is getting better every day. He is at home, without having anything to do, and he goes down to the gym to train. The Frenchman's mentality involves improving every day." He also took aim at the French national team and accused them of mismanaging Benzema's fitness. Atalaya added: "You cannot put a player who has just returned from an injury, and after an eight-hour trip, to train 100 per cent in a weight room."