Taxpayers understand this better than anyone. With budgets squeezed, households up and down the country are looking again at their spending. Is that subscription really necessary? Should we switch to the non-branded stuff? Do we need to turn the heating on, or will a woolly jumper suffice? Unfortunately, our bureaucrats and politicians have forgotten this old adage. Instead they’ve been maxing out the credit card, and asking taxpayers to foot the bill. These credit cards, known as “Government Procurement Cards” (GPCs), were introduced in 1997 to speed up small scale payments, limiting bureaucracy for minor purchases. Sensible enough, in theory. But problems have plagued them throughout, particularly over a lack of consistency in what the maximum spend was, and what they could be spent on. But generally, the cap has been kept low - often around £1,000. From 2011, all spending over £500 had to be published. In 2020 though, in response to the pandemic, the spending cap was lifted to £20,000. Unsurprisingly, this has seen spending soar and, as the Labour research has revealed, some of this is difficult to stomach. While the government holds an art collection of over 14,000 pieces, in March 2021 HM Treasury spent nearly £4,000 of taxpayers’ money on photographs from the Tate Gallery for the department. While ministers are, under official guidelines, expected to stay in cost effective hotels, on a trip to Venice in 2021, the Treasury totted up £3,217 at Hotel Danieli, which CNN lists as one of the most "lavish" hotels in the City of Water. Or there’s £23,457 spent on duty-free wine and spirits in 2021. Add to this £14,957 on luxury flowers, or nearly £2,000 on a "hot pink photo booth", and you can see how this sort of spending can rack up very quickly. Do it enough and you get the total of a whopping £145 million. It shouldn’t be too much to ask for politicians and civil servants to show the same restraint when spending our money as the government expects from typical taxpayers. And it demonstrates why it’s important to crack down on waste big and small. Whether that’s £600,000 on luxury flights for trade officials, £66,000 on rainbow themed merchandise for the police or over £5 million on management consultants as part of a recent NHS reform, our research has consistently shown a shocking attitude towards spending across the public sector, regardless of party or political persuasion. We need to tackle the attitude that seems to permeate town halls and Whitehall that, because the government spends so many billions in the grand scheme of things, a few hundred here or a few thousand there on non-essentials doesn’t matter. It does matter. It particularly matters at a time when people are struggling. It matters when public sector workers are striking over pay. It matters when taxes soar to record highs and businesses are failing. It’s the cost of the government crisis in action. These sorts of stories are important because they remind officials and politicians that when they swipe the taxpayer card, they will be held accountable when the receipts come out. The TaxPayers’ Alliance has uncovered billions of pounds worth of this kind of spending. Cutting waste would give us the room to cut taxes and fund better public services. It’s high time ministers stood up for hard-working Brits and got a grip on this wasteful spending once and for all. Elliot Keck is investigations campaign manager at the TaxPayers’ Alliance.