Joe Biden has said the three unidentified objects shot down over US airspace were not connected to China or any other surveillance equipment. The president has directed national security adviser Jake Sullivan to lead an “interagency team” to review US procedures after the US shot down the Chinese balloon, as well as three other objects that Biden said the US now believes are most likely “benign” objects that were launched by private companies or research institutions. He told reporters: "Our military and the Canadian military are seeking the recovery of the debris so we can learn more about these three objects. Our intelligence community is still assessing all three incidents. "We don't yet know exactly what these three objects were but nothing right now suggests they were related to China's spy balloon programme or that they were surveillance vehicles from any other country. "The intelligence community's current assessment is that these three objects were most likely balloons tied to private companies, recreation or research institutions studying weather or conducting other scientific research." READ MORE: Fetterman checks himself into hospital for 'severe' depression Biden had remained largely silent on the objects downed Friday off the coast of Alaska, Saturday over Canada and Sunday over Lake Huron. On Monday, the White House announced earnestly there was no indication of “aliens or extraterrestrial activity.” By Wednesday, US officials said they were still working to locate the wreckage from the objects, but that they expected all three to be unrelated to surveillance efforts. “The intelligence community is considering as a leading explanation that these could just be balloons tied to some commercial or benign purpose,” said White House national security spokesman John Kirby. No country or private company has come forward to claim any of the objects, Kirby said. They do not appear to have been operated by the US government. Still unaddressed are questions about the original balloon, including what spying capabilities it had and whether it was transmitting signals as it flew over sensitive military sites in the United States. It was believed by American intelligence to have initially been on a track toward the U.S. territory of Guam, according to a US official. The US tracked it for several days after it left China, said the official, who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive intelligence. DON'T MISS Train carrying hazardous chemicals derails in Michigan [INSIGHT]Doctors expose symptoms of chemical poisoning after Ohio train crash [EXCLUSIVE]Expert tells Tucker of ‘apocalyptic’ scene after train crash [ANALYSIS] It appears to have been blown off its initial trajectory and ultimately flew over the continental US, the official said. Balloons and other unidentified objects have been previously spotted over Guam, a strategic hub for the US Navy and Air Force in the western Pacific. It’s unclear how much control China retained over the balloon once it veered from its original trajectory. A second US official said the balloon could have been externally maneuvered or directed to loiter over a specific target, but it’s unclear whether Chinese forces did so. After the balloon was shot down, the White House revealed that such balloons had traversed US territory at least three times during President Donald Trump’s administration unknown to Trump or his aides — and that others have flown over dozens of nations across five continents. Kirby emphasized Monday that they were only detected by the Biden administration.