Joe Biden has accused Republicans of having a “dream” to axe Social Security and Medicare. The President, who called himself a “nightmare” in his speech yesterday, has been bashed by House GOP members who claim he is lying about their plans for reducing spending cuts. Speaking in Tampa, Florida, Biden again vowed to protect Social Security and Medicare from the GOP in talks over the debt ceiling. "Look, I know that a lot of Republicans, their dream is to cut Social Security and Medicare,” he said. “Well let me say this: If that's your dream, I'm your nightmare.” He then turned to Sen. Rick Scott, R-Florida, claiming the Republican has proposed sunsetting all federal legislation, including Social Security and Medicare, every five years in his 12-point economic plan. “I reminded them that Florida's own Rick Scott, the guy who ran the Senate Campaign Committee for Republicans last year, had a plan to sunset - maybe he's changed his mind, maybe he's seen the Lord - but he wanted to sunset it,” the President said at the University of Tampa. “Meaning if you don't reauthorise it, it goes away. The very idea the senator from Florida wants to put Social Security and Medicare on the chopping block every five years I find to be somewhat outrageous." Scott pushed back against the President and claimed Biden was "twisting his words”. "He's been a complete failure," Scott said on CNN, "And now he lies about whey want to get done, and I don't appreciate it." READ MORE: Trump's 'unethical and illegal ties to Russia" will cost him election House GOP members have raged against Biden’s claims they want to axe the federal welfare programs. Speaking on the floor of the House on Thursday, Rep. Don Bacon, R-Nebraska, spoke about the debt ceiling and accused Biden of being a hypocrite. “(Biden) opposed raising the debt ceiling three different times” as Senator, Bacon said. He then added: “Three times he’s opposed raising the debt ceiling: the way you spell hypocrisy when it comes the debt ceiling is simple, it's B-I-D-E-N.” And, in the State of the Union address, Biden caused outrage from Republicans in attendance when he made the claim. Meanwhile, House Democrats have hailed the President for pressing the GOP on the issue. “I certainly think he called their bluff”, said House Minority Whip Katherine Clark, D-Massachusetts. “They've been talking for over a year about using this as leverage, entitlement programs Social Security and Medicare. “Now they're singing a different tune. Good for him for call them out on it.” She then told Roll Call when asked if Biden sounded like he was running for re-election: “He sure did to me, and he’s got a great record to run on. … I think ‘Scranton Joe’ is always best with the President.”