Manchester United star Lisandro Martinez has not only proven Jamie Carragher wrong but also Red Devils legend Gary Neville. Carragher has faced regular criticism for comments he made about the defender but Neville also had his doubts. Martinez joined United from Ajax last summer, following Erik ten Hag to Old Trafford. The Argentina international can play at both left-back and in defensive midfield. But his preferred position is at centre-back, despite being diminutive in size at 5ft 9in. Carragher made it clear early that he did not think Martinez would succeed in the Premier League due to his height. The Liverpool hero has since admitted he was wrong about the 25-year-old. But he wasn't the only one earlier in the season to throw doubt over his credentials. READ MORE: Arsenal star Odegaard opens up on 'crazy' Arteta after Keys criticism  Following United's 4-0 loss to Brentford, in which Martinez was taken off at half-time, Sky Sports colleague Neville said he could not see him having success as one of two centre-backs in a back four. He said: "Maybe on the left in a back three – that could potentially work. "Maybe playing in midfield, because we know he can do that. I think he’s got tenacity and, to be fair, I wouldn’t judge him at all at this moment in time. "But to say he could play in a back four away at Brentford against [Ivan] Toney and [Bryan] Mbeumo – he physically can’t compete with them. They did target him in that first half." Martinez has become a fan favourite at United and has built a strong partnership with Raphael Varane, starting 18 Premier League matches. Carragher revealed this week how he has changed his opinion on the player in recent months having seen him shine in Ten Hag's backline. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawTottenham assistant Stellini reveals Conte's heartwarming gesture after returnMan Utd and Palace charged as FA releases statement after 20-man brawl  He told The Overlap: "Lisandro Martinez has been brilliant. To be that small and play centre back, you obviously have to be a special player. "He's been a big part of Manchester United's spirit. There was a game I saw a few weeks ago and he was a sub, and someone scored a late goal, and he was right involved in the celebrations. "Every player has weaknesses; the best players hide them or make sure they don't get exposed. He's a really good player and he's surprised me the way he's coped."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here