Carlos Alcaraz is gearing up to return to the match court almost 100 days after retiring injured to Holger Rune at the Paris Masters. The world No 2 will play his first tournament of the season in Buenos Aires next week and teased fans with a snap of himself and his brother flying to Argentina. Alcaraz will finally be back in action next week after being sidelined by two different injuries. The 19-year-old retired in the second set tiebreak of his Paris Masters quarter-final against Rune on November 4, later revealing he tore a muscle in his abdomen. It forced the US Open champion to end his breakthrough season early, pulling out of the ATP Finals and Davis Cup, but he was able to hold onto his spot at the top of the rankings to be crowned the year-end No 1. With Alcaraz then expected to come back at the Australian Open, he picked up a new leg injury in pre-season training and had to withdraw as Novak Djokovic won the title and dethroned him as world No 1. But fans won’t have to wait much longer to see the six-time title winner back in action as he will headline next week’s Argentina Open and is already on the way to his first tournament in three months. “See you soon,” the current world No 2 wrote, sharing a photo of himself and his brother Alvaro on the plane. JUST IN: Djokovic makes last-ditch Indian Wells attempt for 'special permit'   Carlos Alcaraz is gearing up to return to the match court almost 100 days after retiring injured to Holger Rune at the Paris Masters. The world No 2 will play his first tournament of the season in Buenos Aires next week and teased fans with a snap of himself and his brother flying to Argentina.   And he also added: “Can’t wait to play again!” After finally starting his season in Buenos Aires, the Spaniard will then return to the Rio ATP 500 as the defending champion, a year after he won the first title of his breakout 2022 season and became the youngest player ever to win a 500-point event. He will continue with a packed schedule as Alcaraz is set to play another ATP 500 the following week in Acapulco before heading to the ‘sunshine double’ of the Masters 1000s in Indian Wells and Miami, having won his maiden Masters title at the latter event last year. DON'T MISSHolger Rune adjusting to being a favourite after surprise Djokovic winTennis star with Federer dream is 'detaching' from Alcaraz comparisonsAndy Murray ex-coach explains how next gen can beat Novak Djokovic “I really want to start my season in Buenos Aires this year, playing a historic tournament that has won great champions,” Alcaraz said after signing up for the Argentina Open when he was forced to pull out of Australia. The US Open winner also shared his goals for the season. Alcaraz said he wanted to “try to maintain the level of 2022 and continue to improve, both on a tennis level and on a mental level.” He added: “I know it won't be easy, but I like challenges and I hope to be prepared.” 