Lucy Alexander stepped down from Homes Under The Hammer in 2016 and seven years after her departure the property expert has addressed a possible comeback, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. Despite moving on to do other programmes, the BBC favourite has not ruled out being on the show. Fans of Homes Under The Hammer will often get a chance to see Lucy appear on the auction show to the present day as she appears on older episodes of the programme. Lucy, 52, alongside Martin Roberts presented the show from its launch in 2003 until 2016, when she left the programme. At the time of her departure, the mum-of-two said she had been offered other gigs at the time and so decided to take the opportunity. She has since said she would be open to returning to Homes Under The Hammer. READ MORE: Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split "I would never say no to that," Lucy commented. "Because it's my baby, it's my passion." She continued: "I would never say no to returning. I've done so many other shows since Homes Under The Hammer. I'd moved on. "I've done three other property shows after it." Lucy added: "I didn't stop working once I'd left and it was brilliant to do other things." The small-screen star admitted she would love the opportunity to be back viewing properties that go under the hammer. She remarked: "But I think it's always nice to go back and do a few. It would be so fun. "I wouldn't say no to that - just because I'm not there now doesn't mean I would never do it." The on-screen star went on to have success fronting her own BBC programme, The Customer Is Always Right, which aired in 2019 but was not recommissioned following the Covid pandemic in 2020. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell, 63, shows off incredible weight loss in baggy jeans[LATEST]James Jordan ignores 'woke' parents after daughter hit[COLUMN]Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell[INTERVIEW] The TV star admitted she struggled during the pandemic to find work as Covid halted her plans. Lucy explained: "I've got some really good programme ideas that are in development at the moment. Some of them are fantastic and when they take off it's going to be super exciting. "But because of what happened everything just got put on the back burner. Unless you were a presenter, who was currently on a show, I wasn't." The former Homes Under The Hammer star said she was "out of job" after filming her BBC consumer programme. "I kind of just finished Customers Always Right. I had just finished filming that," Lucy recalled. "We were up for a big RTS award. It was successful and we were looking at maybe doing another one." She continued: "Then it was Covid, then we didn't get recommissioned, and then I was out of a job. I didn't have any work. "Unless you were one of those people who were working on Hammer or on a different programme you were stuck at home. We are all self-employed, don't forget." Lucy admitted it wasn't the "greatest time" for the property expert after her mum died in 2020. She has since gone on to guest present on A Place In The Sun. Homes Under The Hammer airs weekdays on BBC One at 11.15am. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.