Love Island's Iain Stirling was declared a "b*****d" over the TV appearance and, despite being a comic, may not have seen a funny side to the insult. He reposted it in view of more than 282,000 followers and sarcastically thanked the author of the negative remark. "Thanks for all your kind words about my appearance on Sunday Brunch," he wrote, signing off with a kiss. However, he received a few supportive comments, with one fan, @daphnetjh, describing him as "the only good thing to come from Love Island". She added encouragingly: "Bless you, Iain ignore all the haters!" Iain had been on the show to chat about the current series of Love Island, set in South Africa, as well as to give the lowdown on his sitcom Buffering. READ NOW: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles He both writes and stars in it, and he was able to share details of the forthcoming episodes of the second series. However, according to the insult he republished, not everyone was keen to hear about it. The show also received some scathing comments from viewers generally, who mocked the topics of conversation relentlessly. At one point, the hosts had been forced to fill in gaps in conversation by discussing when the best time is to turn the heating on, and even how to effectively bleed radiators. A backlash quickly began, with @wonderthunder exclaiming: "So bad everyone taking the p***, even the presenters, out of #SundayBrunch! "It's really had its day now, I tune in hoping for change but still the same old tumbleweed b******." Plus in a snub directed at guests including Iain, @BorisNose added: "Another week of no-mark guests where absolutely no one has a clue as to who they are!" However, @EvenFredsHappy joked: "Think I’m actually warming to the radiator chat. Stockholm syndrome and all that!" DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [HEALTH] Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW] Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INSIGHT]  Viewers commented in their droves that they were ready to turn the show off, with one even declaring "I find [Iain] Stirling's voice irritating. Can’t watch today." However, Iain seemed to have enjoyed his time on Sunday Brunch, especially when the tiramisu cake came out. He said that he could "cry" with happiness at the tasty treats, after having endured a difficult week. Not all fans would like to see less of Iain and some have actively been complaining that his commentary is not getting enough representation at the moment. During a major shakeup this series, in which Iain's wife Laura Whitmore was replaced in her presenting role by Maya Jama, it seems as though Iain has been getting less airtime too. Fans claimed they feared for the future of Love Island without his "brilliant commentary". Others asked mournfully whether Laura had "taken him with her", as they felt he had previously been the best person providing entertainment. Meanwhile, Iain was quizzed on Good Morning Britain recently about whether he'd asked Maya over for a "chat", to which the embarrassed narrator replied: "I’m sure my wife would have something to say about that if that happened!"