Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) first met Justin (Andrew Still) whilst waiting for a checkup at the hospital after fearing she had breast cancer. Since then, Justin found her address and has been sending her flowers and turning up unannounced which has left Daisy scared for her life. Coronation Street actor Andrew Still recently opened up on what it is like to play such an intense character in the "difficult" storyline. Viewers have seen the lengths that Justin will go to in order to make sure he is the one who ends up with Daisy. When discussing what he thought about Justin and the way the storyline is set to get darker, Andrew told Express.co.uk and other press: "I knew from the beginning the arc. "We find out a little bit of what the character does and I knew Justin would be coming in as a stalker and that he can get obsessive. "It was pitched as someone who has misplaced affections and this darker edge in the future. What you guys have seen now is as much as I knew of where the storyline was going. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments "Then obviously I come in and they start doing more darker stuff and it was a bit of shock and difficult to comprehend on what going to be happening further down the line." When touching on how he sees Justin and if he thinks that the lengths he is going to are safe, Andrew added: "I see Justin as he is this troubled guy. "We are meeting him at the lowest point in his life, so his mum who he has been caring for is dying of cancer and they are just having to spend their last days together. "He views Daisy and sees himself as the carer of his mum and also Daisy's future partner. I do think he thinks he is the ultimate good guy and the world is out to get him. "That's how he feels, he justifies the actions in his head and has this romantic destination." In upcoming scenes set to air next week, Daisy finds herself in trouble with the police after Justin turns the tables on her. Last week, Justin showed up to the wedding fair Daisy was attending and pretended to be her fiancé, before then turning up on the Cobbles. Daisy was left shaken and decided to take a break from her phone and turned it off, however next week when she turns it back on she is flooded with messages. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [WATCH]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [INSIGHT] She struggles with the bombardment and breaks down in tears in Daniel Osbourne's (Rob Mallard) arms. He sees the messages and decides to go to the police with Daisy's backing, but when they present the texts, PC Scott plays it down. Worried about his bride-to-be, Daniel suggests they postpone the wedding until he's been dealt with. She then finds Justin on Victoria Street, holding a bunch of flowers, and immediately sees red. She grabs the bouquet of flowers and chucks them on the floor, stamping on them. As Justin tries to calm her down, he puts his hand on her arm and she punches him, as a shocked George witnesses their altercation. As Justin reveals to her that his mum had died and he was visiting George to sort out the funeral arrangements, Daisy is horrified and breaks down in tears on Daniel's shoulder. Soon, Daisy finds herself at the police station as PC Jess quizzes her over Justin's accusation of assault Actress Charlotte Jordan said previously to Express.co.uk and other press: "It was really important to do this storyline and it is clever to do it with a character like Daisy because she's a divisive character. "You either love her or hate her, there's not really an in-between and all the things that make her Daisy, she's extra, she's flamboyant, she's camp, she's big, and you will slowly see she starts to crumble." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.