A man who offered a 14-year-old "girl" money and clothes before asking to meet at a hotel room showed no remorse and refused to stand up in court. Andrew Ratchford, 43, claimed he knew he was being duped by the paedophile hunter group, which snagged him after it created a fake profile named Kiera with which Ratchford interacted. Ratchford was found guilty after a four-day trial of one count of attempting to engage in sexual communication with a child and one count of attempting to incite a child to engage in a sexual act. But when the clerk at Liverpool Crown Court asked the man to stand and confirm his name at the start of the sentencing hearing on Thursday, he shook his head and said, "sore back." Nevertheless, Ratchford was sentenced to four years imprisonment and a sexual harm prevention order was implemented for ten years, reports The Liverpool Echo. Sentencing, Recorder Tania Griffiths KC said: "You attempted to groom her, quickly gaining her confidence. "You have shown no remorse or acknowledgement for your behaviour or the harm that would have been caused if this had been a real girl." During the trial, the defendant claimed he wanted to "get back at" the police and paedophile hunter groups and so engaged with the profile despite suspecting it to be fake. Martyn Walsh, prosecuting, said the man began communication and the messages quickly became sexually explicit. They included grooming of the decoy because though the messages started with general chat, Ratchford soon offered the "girl" money and said he would buy her clothes. The messages continued in a sexual nature and he asked her to get a hotel room with him. Mr Walsh said: "These went beyond the usual sexual content that this court often sees." Ratchford asked the "girl" to commit sexual acts on herself and send pictures of herself doing so, and sent her an image of himself naked in the shower. Members of the online paedophile hunter group Elite Hunters went to Ratchford’s home in Knotty Ash, Liverpool, at the same time as they called the police, and live streamed his arrest. Ratchford told the jury he was "well aware" they were a paedophile hunter group, and he was "winding them up". But he was found unanimously guilty of one count of attempting to engage in sexual communication with a child and one count of attempting to incite a child to engage in a sexual act  He has previous convictions for driving offences, burglary, and common assault, but none of a sexual nature. Fiona McNiell, defending, said: "There is not a great deal I can say with respect to his defendant. "He sticks to the claim that he was tricking them." However she did say that he has now sought some help for his mental health issues, and previously served in the army. It was also detailed that probation services assessed Ratchford as a high risk of harm to children, specifically young girls, and he shook his head at this. Ms McNeill said: "It’s not something that came as a surprise to me but it is something that he does not accept."