Angela Rayner has said it "doesn't matter" whether transgender rapist Isla Bryson has a penis. Labour's deputy leader ignited fury over the weekend when, in an interview, she was asked about the controversial Scottish case. She was asked whether the convicted rapist belonged in a woman's prison after changing her gender identity in 2020. An interviewer from the Times asked whether Ms Bryson was a woman. She told the publication that she was "identifying as a woman now", and "right at the beginning of a transition". But when asked whether the woman's penis was an integral part of her crimes, Ms Rayner said it didn't "matter". Regardless of her genitalia, she said, Ms Bryson did "damage and harm to women".  She added that it "doesn’t matter whether it was a penis or some implementation". The deputy repeated the line again when asked whether the phrase "her penis", made "any sense". She said she didn't think that "particularly matters", prompting a furious response from Tory MP Nickie Aiken, who told The Sun it was "staggering" that Ms Rayner "couldn't answer a question that any primary school child could" while "standing on their head". Ms Bryson started identifying as a woman following rape accusations and was housed in a woman's prison after her convictions for committing two rapes prior to her transition earlier this year.  Officials moved her to an all-male prison following public backlash, and the case has since become a flashpoint in the debate around transgender rights. Critics have said the placement exposes a flaw in the growing demand for gender self-identification such as the legislation passed in Scotland. Nicola Sturgeon's law allowed people to identify as a sex they were not assigned at birth from age 16 without a gender dysphoria diagnosis, meaning Ms Bryson would have found it easier to change gender herself. Advocates for the changes hold that streamlining self-ID would give vulnerable trans people a vital lifeline, given the long waiting list for a gender dysphoria diagnosis and even longer wait for reassignment surgery.  Ms Rayner said laws must strike a balance by ensuring that criminals can't gain access to vulnerable victims and that innocent transgender people receive the help they need. She said people want to see the "human side of being compassionate for people" and need "reassurance around safe spaces". The Labour deputy added: "I don’t think those two things are incompatible. "There has to be some movement that is compassionate and in line with our British values."  The Bryson case has prompted a discussion about how transgender laws work in practice but has also caused aggression towards the community. Speaking to The Guardian, Vic Valentine, the manager of Scottish Trans, said it was "completely reasonable" to discuss how trans women's prison accommodation. But they added that trans people, particularly "women who are visibly trans" are becoming "more worried about safety". They said: "We shouldn’t live in a world where it’s only the trans people you don’t notice who are safe."