 The Rookie fans will be forced to wait a while as Officer John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) and his colleagues will not return to ABC. A major scheduling shift sees the crime drama return with episode 15 later this month.   The Rookie will be in for another hiatus just weeks after its month-long break earlier this month. Thankfully for fans, this break won’t be as long because episode 15’s The Con will land on screens the following week. The hit crime drama won’t return in its usual slot on Tuesday, February 7 because the annual State of the Union Address will take place next week. This will be a highly anticipated message delivered by the President of the United States, Joe Biden. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  This event will be a joint session with the United States Congress and usually takes place at the beginning of each calendar year to discuss the current condition of the nation. As an annual event, most shows are unusually preempted, however, this isn’t the case with The Rookie as there isn’t a repeat scheduled. President Biden will address Congress at 9pm EST next Tuesday, which is when a number of primetime shows would normally air. Although it’s yet to be confirmed, ABC could potentially add another break to this season of The Rookie.   With the February sweeps looming, ABC may want to stretch out season five until late April or early May. This will keep viewers eagerly awaiting the show’s return and increase viewership figures, which will increase the chances of The Rookie being renewed for another season. Although fans are 14 episodes into season five, there could still be a long way until the season finale. As the previous instalment had 22 episodes, it's likely that season five could have either the same or around 20 episodes in total. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [INSIGHT]The Rookie Feds delayed two weeks by ABC shake-up [INSIGHT]The Rookie’s Lopez ‘loses badge’ as promo teases betrayal [INSIGHT] Thankfully for fans, ABC has released a promo clip for the upcoming episode and it looks as though things will take a personal turn for Nolan. During the teaser, he and Bailey Nune (Jenna Dewan) were approaching his mum’s house to organise her thing following her death. Bailey told him: “Your mum just died, maybe we could stay a few days,” He responded: “I’m just going to get my mum's affairs in order and we’ll be back in LA by tomorrow night.”  However, in true fashion, nothing in The Rookie goes smoothly to plan as the couple were confronted by two dangerous men. One of them warned Nolan: “Your mum’s got something that belongs to us, get out of the way now.” Fans will also see the return of the villainous kingpin, Elijah Stone (Brandon Jay McLaren) but this time he will be met with more fuel from Angela Lopez (Alyssa Dia). Despite a warning from her husband, Wesley Evers (Shawn Ashmore), Angela hit back: “I’m not running.”  The Rookie season 5 returns Tuesday, February 14 on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK. 