Bradley Walsh and his son Barney have been on another thrill-seeking adventure in ITV's Breaking Dad. Bradley suddenly became emotional when he opened up to his son about making memories. Barney had said: "Going back to what has been the favourite activity, it's more about the memories." "The memories you make doing these things, and being with you, we are so blessed to be able to do this thing." Bradley answered: "Yeah, you're right, I just think it's, very, umm..." He was unable to finish his sentence as he fought back tears, saying: "It's just a lovely thing to do, it's just amazing. "I'm not upset, I find it very emotional, very heartwarming, I really do." READ MORE: POLL: Should Happy Valley continue for a fourth series?  The pair gave each other a high five as Bradley told his son, "Love you, man". During the trip, the father and son duo took part in a helicopter flying lesson, which Bradley was struggling to get the hang of. Barney revealed his father was scared of heights, but as always, he dived right into the challenge.  As the pair took off, Bradley was amazed by the views and said: "Holy s***" as he got higher.  He said: "It's like flying around on a paper aeroplane" and he was too scared to look down. "If this doesn't cure my fear of heights, nothing will," he declared. However, after some time up in the air, the nerves started to disappear and Bradley loved taking in the views.  He said: "This is fantastic, absolutely amazing" as he managed to land the open-top helicopter by himself. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show Bradley Walsh 'stopped immediately' by The Chase lawyers over mistake Anne Hegerty 'can think of few' to replace Bradley Walsh on The Chase  "I thoroughly enjoyed it, I'm not sure it's going to cure my fear of heights but I'll tell you what, I would like to buy one." Later in the trip, they went on to marvel at a bioluminescent bay, which proved to be a beautiful experience. Speaking on The Jonathan Ross Show previously, Bradley said he had always been in awe of his son's bravery.  He said: "Barney is the man now... that I always wanted to be. And that's absolutely true. "He's got no fear, he's young, he's finding his first feet in business and stuff. I just always wanted to do that. "Anything Barney wants to do, I'll give it a go." As the episode continued, he thanked his son for bringing them on the trip and he continued to wipe away tears. But he soon perked up when they reached the bioluminescent bay as he was keen to find out more. Breaking Dad is available to watch on ITVX.