Juventus legend Marco Tardelli has ripped into Paul Pogba after the Frenchman posted a selfie while on a skiing trip that seemingly took place during his rehabilitation from injury. Incredibly, the France international midfielder is still yet to have made an appearance for the Old Lady since he returned to the club on a free transfer from Manchester United at the end of last season. Pogba picked up a meniscus injury during a pre-season tour of the United States in July and he was later forced to undergo surgery that saw him ruled out of the World Cup in Qatar. Yet at the beginning of February it was confirmed that Pogba, who has also experienced an issue with his thigh in recent months, was facing another injury setback much to the frustration of Massimiliano Allegri. But Pogba has since infuriated figures around Juventus and sections of the club's fanbase after going on a skiing holiday in December and posting clips on social media from the slopes. Juventus icon Tardelli has since expressed his frustration with Pogba's lack of availability, stating: "He is a problem for the Bianconeri now, especially when he’s off skiing." READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone call The 1982 World Cup winner Tardelli told 90 Minuto: "Pogba hasn’t played football since April 2022, when he was still at Manchester United. “He is now a problem for Juve, we don’t know when he’ll return or what he intends to do. Pogba goes off skiing while his teammates are there battling against huge issues. “He doesn’t have knee surgery when the club asks, but only when he decides, because he’s worried about the World Cup with France. “Now Pogba is a big problem that the Bianconeri need to resolve. This whole situation also shows how Juventus don’t have very clear ideas on their general direction.” DON'T MISS Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sent warning over health after stressful Leicester thrashing Four excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setback Juventus are also experiencing a whole host of issues away from the field after being slapped with a 15-point deduction following an investigation into the club's previous transfer dealings. The saga has upped the stakes and pressure in Turin and there is a sense Juventus cannot afford to carry passengers if they are to somehow achieve a top-four finish this season. “In my view, Allegri needs to step in here and do something, because it is not possible to have a player who is just sitting there getting paid for doing nothing,” Tardelli continued. “His behaviour towards his teammates isn’t fair either. The whole situation irritates me.” Allegri is still sceptical as to when he's going to be able to call upon Pogba as Juventus seek to battle their way up the table from ninth. “Pogba cannot be called up, he’s still out at the moment. He’s not there, I’m sorry to say it but that’s the reality," Allegri said. “He’s working to be available again, right now I can’t tell you when he’ll be back. Maybe in 20 days, I don’t know.” Juventus finished third in the Champions League and have now dropped into the Europa League where they will face Nantes later this month.