Over 19,000 people have signed a petition calling for Chelsea to sack manager Graham Potter following his side’s 2-0 loss to Tottenham on Sunday. The former Brighton boss has admitted that he is struggling to justify the confidence that the Blues’ higher powers have in him following the torrid start to his tenure at the club. After an even first 45 minutes, Spurs took the lead soon after the restart through Oliver Skipp. The midfielder intercepted a clearance from Chelsea before looking up and firing a fierce strike past Kepa Arrizabalaga – who will feel that he could have done better. Harry Kane then put the game to bed in the 82nd minute, turning home from close range after Eric Dier managed to direct his header to the back post. The defeat means Chelsea have won just one match in 2023 and the away supporters ensured that the players were well aware of their discontent at full time. The finger has been pointed at Potter for the Blues’ poor form and many are calling for the ex-Swansea manager to be sacked, with some fans deciding to try and take matters into their own hands by signing a petition that calls for a shakeup in the Stamford Bridge dugout. Posted on change.org, the petition is aptly named ‘Graham Potter to be sacked’ and has been signed by almost 20,000 fans. The document was set up by supporter Arash Moaref, who accompanied the petition with a statement that read: “Todd Boehly, Behdad Eghbali, and shareholders, this petition is directed at you to please sack Graham Potter. “As of this Petition, he has two wins in 15 games, and has left the fans exhausted and devastated, despite spending hundreds of millions. We have immense quality in the squad, however, there is one area we can change, which is the coach. For the future of Chelsea Football Club, please sack Graham Potter." The petition has been shared on social media by Twitter followers, with Potter facing an uphill battle in getting supporters back onside with several tricky fixtures coming up. Though the 47-year-old has admitted that he can understand why there is limited faith in his ability as things stand. Speaking after the Tottenham loss that leaves his side 10th in the Premier League, Potter said: “I haven't done enough at this club to have too much good faith; I also accept that. My job isn't to worry about that too much. I have to try to focus on keeping on helping the team and supporting the players. I really like these players, they're good lads.” It remains to be seen whether Boehly and co remain patient with Potter or whether the petition from supporters will leave the owner questioning whether his trust is misplaced.