Lucy Alexander, 52, recently teamed up with her pal Ruth Langsford, 62, for Feeling Fabulous where famous faces give advice on subjects from fitness to fashion and beauty to the bedroom. The property expert, who quit Homes Under The Hammer in 2016, has since teased a potential show with the Loose Women presenter. Lucy has enjoyed a decades-long friendship with her pal and fellow presenter Ruth. The BBC star and the ITV favourite are often seen on each other's social media accounts as the pair enjoy short breaks together. The property expert has not ruled out working with Ruth in the future. She said: "I just worked with her recently. She did a fantastic show called 'Feeling Fabulous' and I hosted the beauty stage for her. READ MORE: Louise Redknapp branded 'timeless beauty' in thigh-high leather boots "She did this great big event and I worked with her on it. It wasn't like a job. It was so much fun because every night we would go back to our hotel, go our for dinner, have a laugh." Addressing their friendship, Lucy went on: "She is like my bestie. She is so fantastic and I just love being around her because she's got this incredible energy, a naughty laugh. "I'm like, 'god it's late, we should go to bed' and she's like, 'oh, come on. Let's stay out.' She has got so much energy that woman. Her and I, definitely, should do a show together. That would be one of my favourite things to do. "[Ruth] and I go on holiday every year together. We always need another holiday by the end of it. We just do not stop talking.  "She loves cooking and doing stuff at home. So she will be making lunches, we love shopping and nattering. She will be my favourite holiday partner if we go on a girly holiday. Lucy is also good friends with Eamonn Holmes, who is Ruth's husband and the presenter spoke warmly of the married couple. It comes after the GB News presenter had to undergo back surgery in 2022 after having “disc problems for a year and a half” that left him in constant pain. He added that the surgery had unfortunately affected one of his legs which led to him falling down some stairs and breaking his shoulder. DON'T MISS... Radio 2 fans 'gutted' as Ken Bruce says BBC 'want me to leave' now[LATEST]Amanda Holden forced to get out of car after 'run in with police'[VIDEO]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle piece framed by Martin Roberts[EXCLUSIVE] Lucy visited both Ruth and Eamonn at their home during the latter's recovery. "Yeah, I was over there with them watching the football [one Saturday]. Over at the Holmes' household," Lucy explained. "He's alright. He's putting a smile on his face every day. He's getting there." The small-screen star went on to reveal that Eamonn recently gatecrashed their Christmas get together. She said: "It's funny because whenever we have a girly night and we go over there - it's four of us - we all get together. "It was our Christmas do, we call it, where we all swap and give each other presents. It's always the four girls and Eamonn. "We're like, 'what are you doing in here? It's a girl's night.' He will say, 'I just want to come and say, hello.'" Eamonn has previously opened up about his health which forced him to take a break from GB News. "So I had a leg that didn’t work, a shoulder that didn’t work and lots of other things in between," he said in January. “But here I am... I’m not better, but I am better than I was."