Todd Boehly is expected to stick by Graham Potter following Chelsea's unexpected 1-0 defeat to bottom of the table side Southampton but if results do not improve - the American could be forced to pull the trigger. Boehly already displayed his ruthless streak back in September when brutally sacking Thomas Tuchel, so what options are on the table if he does decide change is necessary? Zinedine Zidane A lot has changed since last September when Zidane was waiting for the France job to become available. After guiding Les Bleus to another World Cup final, Didier Deschamps decided to extend his contract - meaning Zidane will have to wait even longer should he be set on the role. Now he could be a genuine option for Chelsea and if his second tenure with Real Madrid is anything to go by, he knows how to gel a team together quickly. Zidane also boasts a winning mentality having guided Real Madrid to three straight Champions League titles. The Frenchman is a fierce operator and he certainly has the X-factor to fire Chelsea's underperforming stars into form. Zidane does not speak English, however, and there is a sense he would only like to return to the clubs he previously played for. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Todd Boehly can go full Roman Abramovich with mind-blowing appointment Luis Enrique Enrique could prove to be a popular appointment at Chelsea as his teams are renowned for playing attractive, eye-catching football. The former Spain boss is capable of finding a successful formula and although he didn't triumph at the European Championships or World Cup, the team improved tenfolds under his leadership. Enrique improves players on the training field and he has an incredibly high tactician IQ, meaning he could help find the solutions at Chelsea. He also has a point to prove in a sense having previously conquered Spain with Barcelona but for one reason or another, the Premier League has continued to evade him. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Thomas Tuchel Boehly would be sending all the wrong messages if he was to bring back Tuchel but the appointment would prove hugely popular amongst supporters, who love the German. Tuchel's reign went stale and threatened to enter crisis territory before his sacking but had he been given time, you would have expected him to come out the other side. Following his departure, he made it clear just how much it hurt leaving Chelsea and you would have to say he would surely jump at the chance to return. Even if he still feels aggrieved that he was sacked, Chelsea have invested huge money since sacking Tuchel and the squad is undeniably better. Key members of Potter's dressing room also enjoyed a special relationship with Tuchel and although a return is hardly realistic, it is certainly one of the best options on the table. Jose Mourinho If appointing Tuchel for a second time was crazy then welcoming back Mourinho with open arms would simply be bonkers. Nonetheless, as Mourinho says - this is "my Chelsea" and that kind of connection and responsibility could breathe new life into the club. At the moment, fans are disillusioned with the Potter regime and they need some familiarity. Mourinho, given all he achieved at Stamford Bridge would be exactly that. Whether he would be fully accepted by the entire fanbase is another question altogether but it seems as though it would be worth the ride. If Mourinho was to drive Chelsea back to their former glories it would be something iconic and special. That said, he does not align with Boehly's long-term vision and welcoming him back to the club really would be a throwback to the days of Roman Abramovich.