According to body language expert Judi James, King Charles is rather a lone wolf when it comes to public friendship. However, there is one royal he has been able to cultivate a relationship with. Judi told Express.co.uk: "Charles has often seemed a rather solitary man who has preferred the company of more paternal, intellectual figures as confidants and friends in his life, like Lawrence Van De Post and Lord Mountbatten, but he does seem to have created a rather slow-burn friendship with and fondness for one other top-tier royal." However, according to the expert, this is a friendship that not many royal fans may have expected. What's more, the relationship between these two could have been a little problematic if they hadn't become friends, the expert claimed. Judi claimed: "Kate Middleton might not have been an instant choice for Charles to gravitate towards. READ MORE: Charles' coronation may be 'cancelled' amid royal 'crisis' - claims "She has no apparent love of the kind of horse-related sports Charles adores, like polo. "More dangerously, Kate could have provided the kind of risk that Charles seems to hate, which is the natural ability to upstage her father-in-law with her star quality. "Charles was always said by Diana to be jealous of the public adoration of her, which could lead to Charles himself being ignored by their fans." Despite this, Kate and Charles have developed a friendly dynamic whereby the Princess "makes Charles look like the most important royal when they appear together in public". She has expertly been able to "flatter him with her attention but without looking nervous or subservient". "She seems to have tapped into a shared sense of humour and she is clearly an adept peace-maker when it comes to family rifts," Judi claimed. "Kate’s body language always looks calm and drama-free and she has also shown two specific ways that she tunes into Charles to provide deeper bonds." According to the expert, Kate has been a comfort to her father-in-law during difficult times. READ MORE: Charles' new photo conveys 'messages' to Camilla and Harry - claim  Judi observed a particular moment which banished any sort of royal formality and felt more like friendship. She stated: "Firstly, there were her gestures of sympathy and comfort at Philip’s funeral, where she was seen placing an arm around Charles’ shoulders and using eye contact in a very natural way that cut through any protocol norms in public." Kate has also been seen to facilitate the sweet relationship between Charles and his beloved grandchildren. "And the formal portrait of Charles and his family show Kate holding little Louis, who is pushing his hand into his grandfather’s face, getting a response of delighted laughter from Charles. "Kate clearly knew her father-in-law well enough to lean forward to encourage this playful move rather than stopping Louis and stepping back. "This was an unusual pose from Charles and Kate clearly knew him well enough to encourage it." But how does the friendship between Charles and daughter-in-law Kate manifest itself in public? According to Judi, Charles will often "pick Kate out at public events and move to chat and laugh with her with what looks like enthusiasm and delight, often cutting across other royals to share a joke". She concluded: "One trait he must have learned to cherish in Kate is her loyalty and that trait must feel even more precious to him given the recent disloyalty from his own son Harry."