Next week, Marvel Phase 5 kicks off with Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. Scott Lang and his family will be sucked back into the Quantum Realm once more, where they come face to face with the MCU’s new Thanos-level big bad, Kang the Conqueror. A time travelling despot from the future with many variants, his ultimate goal is to rule all ages across the multiverse. However, he’s stuck. The trailers for Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania tease Kang offering Scott a Faustian bargain. The shrinking superhero missed out on the five years between Avengers Infinity War and Endgame, due to being trapped in the Quantum Realm for what was about five hours for him. As a result, Paul Rudd’s Ant-Man missed his daughter Cassie growing up, time back that the villain is now offering in exchange for helping him leave the Microverse. Now in a new clip, Scott is introduced to Kang and discovers the despot has killed one of his fellow Avengers. In the footage, Kang approaches Ant-Man saying: “You’re an interesting man, Scott Lang.” The superhero replies: “I don’t know who you are, but you’ve made a big mistake, okay. I’m an Avenger. I’ve called the other Avengers. Chillingly the villain played by Jonathan Majors replies: “You’re an Avenger? Have I killed you before? They all blur together after a while. You’re not the one with the hammer?” Scott responds: “That’s Thor. We get confused a lot. Similar body types. Who are you?” Kang replies: “Just a man who’s lost a lot of time, like you. But we can help each other with that.” READ MORE: Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania cast in full What we learn in this scene is that Kang has travelled not just through time but also across the multiverse. This explains why he can ask Ant-Man if he’s killed him before, ie one of his variants. He’s not sure, but given that he brings up a hammer implies the Marvel villain has slaughtered a variant of Thor, or maybe even Jane Foster's The Mighty Thor since she currently wields Mjölnir. Presumably, Earth-616’s incarnations are still alive after the events of Thor Love and Thunder and will be able to join the fight against Kang in Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and Avengers: Secret Wars in the next couple of years. Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania hits cinemas on February 17, 2023. What we learn in this scene is that Kang has travelled not just through time but also across the multiverse. This explains why he can ask Ant-Man if he’s killed him before, ie one of his variants. He’s not sure, but given that he brings up a hammer implies the Marvel villain has slaughtered a variant of Thor, or maybe even Jane Foster's The Mighty Thor since she currently wields Mjölnir. Presumably Earth-616’s incarnations are still alive after the events of Thor Love and Thunder and will be able to join the fight against Kang in Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and Avengers: Secret Wars in the next couple of years. Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania hits cinemas on February 17, 2023. 