Princess Diana confessed going through her divorce from the now monarch was a "desperate and ugly" experience. The late Princess of Wales penned a number of letters to her friends Susie and Tarek Kassem. Thirty-two of them, penned between 1995 and 1996, have now been put up for auction by the couple. As they are selling this private correspondence with the late Princess, the content of some of these letters has been released to the public. One letter, dated May 20 1996, included Diana saying she thought her phones at Kensington Palace were bugged. She also wrote: "If I'd known a year ago what I'd experience going through this divorce I never would have consented. It's desperate and ugly". Another card sent by Prince William and Prince Harry's beloved mother showed how she was struggling in the midst of her divorce. A letter bearing the date April 28 1996 read: "I am having a very difficult time and pressure is serious and coming from all sides. "It's too difficult sometimes to keep one's head up and today I am on my knees and just longing for this divorce to go through as the possible cost is tremendous." The Princess, whose divorce was completed in August 1996, had confided in her friends also the day after Queen Elizabeth II had advised her Charles to end their marriage. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry accused of 'having own agenda' Diana wrote on December 2 1995, referring to the Kassems: "I may have been described as a butterfly but I don't want to fly away from this lovely family." In her letters, Diana also thanked the Kassems for "listening to all my chat". And, in an apparent swipe to the Royal Family, she wrote she was "not used to" having people being "protective" of her. The Kassems said they decided to sell part of their correspondence with Diana as "owning the documents is a great responsibility" they don't wish to pass on to their children. The auction will take place on February 16, with the letters being sold at Lay's auctioneers of Penzance. The letters will be sold individually, with proceeds to be donated to charities Diana supported during her life. The Princess of Wales supported a number of causes since she joined the Royal Family, including supporting homeless people and advocating for the ban on landmines. She also made an impactful change in the way people affected by HIV/AIDS are seen after she shook hands without gloves with a patient at London Middlesex Hospital. With this simple gesture, she showed the virus can't be passed from person to person by touch, helping to end the stigma surrounding people affected by it.