Olivia Wilde, 38, took to Instagram to share key moments of the Super Bowl, including a clip of A$AP Rocky videoing his girlfriend Rihanna as she performed. The actress-turned-filmmaker has been left correcting her original message, after she was slammed for calling the rapper "hot". Olivia originally took to Instagram to share the Rolling Stone clip of A$AP Rocky videoing Rihanna, as he watched her from the audience at last Sunday's Super Bowl. She wrote over the video in view of her 4.2 million followers: "If I thought he was hot before, this really put me over the edge." However, many of Rihanna's fans didn't understand the point of her post, accusing the actress of being "inappropriate" on Twitter. Taylorannberg said: "This is so inappropriate." READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits Jmac_essentials added: "She's really living up to that name of hers." Comebealone commented: "Why can't she be normal." However, before Olivia responded herself some social media users leapt to her defence for "deliberately misunderstanding" what she'd said. Oliviabklyn wrote: "Shame on you for deliberately misunderstanding and reporting and spreading the misunderstanding to a herd of people willing to believe. "And if you honestly believe that's what she meant, maybe you need to stop, just stop." Olivia has since deleted the original post, resharing the same video with the "meaning" behind her original message. She said: "For anyone who got it twisted... It's hot to respect your partner. "Especially when your partner just did thaaaaaaat." (sic) DON'T MISS... Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick ‘dies suddenly’ two years after nephew [DEATH] Adele causes a stir with 'zip it' order at Super Bowl as Rihanna sings [PICS] Heidi Klum parties the night away in hot pants before posing in towel [HOLLYWOOD]  Rihanna announced at the Super Bowl that she was expecting her second child with A$AP Rocky, just nine months after the birth of her first child. Olivia has been single since breaking up with Grammy-Award-winning Harry Styles in November last year. The former couple began dating after Olivia ended her seven-year engagement to actor Jason Sudeikis. They had become inseparable while filming 2022's psychological thriller Don't Worry Darling, which Olivia directed and starred in. However, a source previously claimed to Page Six that the couple split over their busy schedules, which kept them away from each other for long periods of time. Olivia was recently pictured hugging her ex Jason in Los Angeles last month, after being involved in an ugly custody battle over their two children: Daisy, six, and Otis, eight. The former couple were seen chatting on a sidewalk before gathering each other in an embrace and going their separate ways.