Tyson Fury’s dad John has warned Deontay Wilder that he will get killed if he steps into the ring with his son again. This comes after the pair were reportedly ‘in talks’ for a fourth encounter on April 29 as an alternative to the Gypsy King’s undisputed fight with Oleksandr Usyk. These claims have since been rubbished by Wilder’s trainer Malik Scott and Fury’s promoter Frank Warren. Meanwhile, Fury Sr is also not keen to see a fourth fight take place either for fears that Tyson would give Wilder an early ‘funeral’. “I'm worried about him fighting Wilder because I'm afraid of him killing Wilder,” he told The Daily Mirror courtesy of Freebets.com. “Wilder's got a cracked skull, his skull is cracked like an egg. That kind of thing can't be repaired so if Tyson hits him again, he could kill him. So, I've said ‘unless you want a funeral on your hands and the death of Deontay Wilder keep from him’.” Fury defeated Wilder via stoppage in their last two encounters with their first being declared a draw in a fight many thought the Brit won. “He's beat him three times, massacred him each time,” Fury Sr added. “He beat him [in the controversial draw] when he'd just lost eight stone and been out of the ring for three years. He poses no threat, the only danger he poses is Tyson killing him. "That danger and smoke, we don't want, let him go faff about with these blokes he can hit once and they'll lay on the floor and carry on, he's no good to Tyson. I don't want to go to my grave knowing that my son's killed somebody.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Boxing fans express outrage at Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury PPV price Joshua's trainer admits he laughed at AJ during Usyk clash Wilder's trainer breaks silence on 'talks' with Fury for fourth fight All indications point towards Usyk being next for Fury with crunch negotiations currently being held in London between both parties. The four-belt shoot-out was originally expected to be heading to Saudi Arabia but after the Saudis were unable to confirm whether their new arena in Jeddah could be built in time for the historic event, attention was turned to Wembley Stadium. Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk recently came out and confirmed that discussions were going well and that he is confident he can trash out a ‘fair deal’ with Frank and George Warren over the coming days. Krassyuk also insists that he will not budge on anything less than a 50-50 purse split for the bout. If completed it will be the first undisputed heavyweight unification showdown of the four-belt era.