Roger Federer’s clear willingness to be ‘marketed’ made him a more lucrative prospect for sponsors during his illustrious career than his great rival Rafael Nadal, according to Nike’s influential former tennis director Mike Nakajima. Tennis icons Federer and Nadal have become two of the most marketable sportsmen of their era during their great rivalry on the court. The duo share 42 Grand Slam titles between them and that number could increase if warhorse Nadal defies his ageing body to win his 23rd major at Roland Garros in June. But while Spaniard Nadal boasts two more Grand Slam titles than Federer, the now-retired stylish Swiss legend would always rake in higher sums of sponsorship money. Nike has served as Nadal’s clothing sponsor since the fledgling stages of his career, while Federer left perhaps sport’s most recognisable brand to sign a mega-money deal with Japanese retail chain Uniqlo in 2018. In a new book called the “Roger Federer effect”, Nike's ex-tennis director Nakajima has explained how Federer’s approachable nature combined with his receptiveness to branded content made him a sponsor’s dream during his career. READ MORE: Roger Federer sparks theories among tennis fans with ATP yet to confirm Swiss' retirement    “He has great marketability,” said Nakajima in an extract from the book, via CNN.  “I saw him speak four languages in a single interview and switch languages just like that. People tend to gravitate towards somebody willing to share himself and be unbashful. “He’s able to appeal to any audience. And people believe that he’s saying the truth, whatever Roger pitches. He’s that believable.” Nadal, meanwhile, had sole dedication to winning on the court, so had no interest in competing with Federer for lucrative sponsorship deals off it. “I’m not sure Rafa wants to be the highest-paid endorser in the world. I don’t think he cares,” Nakajima added. "Rafa is Rafa, he has done extremely well and I don’t think he needs anything else. Roger wanted to be marketed, so he appealed to different brands, audiences and consumer groups. And his management company’s done an amazing job.” DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz looks to Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as he shares comeback expectationsNovak Djokovic splits with physio in last-minute change ahead of Australian Open campaignSerena Williams gives honest view on retirement U-turn as she weighs up return  Federer’s undeniable charm and genius on the court has helped him build up a huge sponsorship portfolio. But Nakajima, who left Nike to pursue his own business interests a year before Federer ditched the clothing brand, was stunned to see the icon let go as he was allowed to source a new deal with Uniqlo. “That should never have happened,” he said. “For us to let somebody like that go, it’s an atrocity. Roger Federer belonged with Nike for the rest of his career. Just like Michael Jordan. Like LeBron James, like Tiger Woods. “He’s right up there with the all-time greatest Nike athletes ever. I’m still disappointed. But it happened. I have to get over it. It wasn’t my decision and I wasn’t there for it.” 