Mum Virginia Brock shared a horrifying clip showing her 12-year-old son being choked by an older girl while on the bus. The video captured the moment the middle schooler was grabbed by the neck by another student and pressed against the seat. Brock shared the video lamenting that the school had simply suspended the girl despite complaining she had been bullying her son long before the attack was filmed. The two students, who both attend Whitman Middle School, were seen having a verbal altercation before the exchange turned physical. Brock said: "My son came home crying, and I saw the marks on his neck. "It breaks my heart that there are all these kids on the bus and not one decided to stand up." The furious mum said the girl who attacked her son has a 60-pound weight advantage over the 12-year-old and sparked fears among the boy's friends about speaking out. JUST IN: 'There's blood everywhere!' Three-year-old boy shoots himself dead with gun left in drawer Brock pressed charges against the girl and a Fairfax County judge issued a protective order against the girl, ordering her to stay at least 50 feet away from her son. But she claimed teachers at the school have been routinely ignoring the legal order and her son is still forced to share the same classrooms and hallways as his bully. She wrote in her blog: "This isn't something that's going away for him. "She gets suspended and goes back to school. It doesn't seem like a fair trade. READ MORE: Bruce Willis asked 'Why am I here?' and 'misfired gun twice' on sets of his final movies "The example that you're setting for other students that see her come back after strangling somebody. Also, what justice is that for my son? He gets traumatized for life and she gets suspension? She should be expelled. Brock claimed that when she asked the school about only suspending the girl they told her that "we have protocols we have to follow and execute punishment according to the School’s Code of Conduct.” A Fairfax County Public Schools rep told WUSA in a statement: “The school administration handled the situation in line with the student discipline manual (FCPS Student Rights and Responsibilities. We are unable to share further information due to federal privacy laws.” The Virginia Department of Education noted school staff are not charged with upholding the restriction order but that the safety of students is the priority. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews