Sherlock actress Amanda Abbington began a deeply emotional connection with Britain's Got Talent star Jonathan Goodwin in the summer of 2021, with the star sealing their long-distance romance with a proposal the very first time they met. It wasn't always plain sailing though, as Amanda's life transformed from a "fairytale" with a true "soulmate" to a living nightmare, after a stunt left him paralysed. Professional daredevil Jonathan embarked on a terrifying stunt a matter of months later, which required him to attempt escape from a straitjacket while being hung upside down from 30 feet in the air. At first, Amanda didn't think much of the news that he'd been injured - after all, he'd previously been attacked by a reef shark and survived while filming Discovery Channel's How Not To Become Shark Bait. Ever the consummate professional, he'd also been "buried alive" for a performance on Britain's Got Talent back in 2019, a stunt so impressive that it earned him a place in the finals. Meanwhile, on the Jonathan Ross show, he balanced on a single nail, while a breezeblock was smashed off his chest with a sledgehammer. READ NOW: Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death It had seemed as if the star, who also had a penchant for free-climbing up perilously high skyscrapers, was almost invincible. Yet falling from a great height, leading to him being crushed by two cars on fire, almost cost him his life. "[The stunt] was dangerous, but I knew Jonathan was a perfectionist so I didn’t think any more about it," Amanda reasoned. "When I woke up the following morning there was a voicemail from his stunt co-ordinator, 'Jonathan’s had an accident. It’s not great news.'" Her heart leapt into her mouth as she discovered her beloved fiance had lost a kidney in the failed stunt. He'd also broken his spine, severed his spinal cord and shattered both of his legs, leaving him unable to move. Jonathan even broke both of his shoulder blades, and made a frantic phone call to Amanda from the hospital saying he might not make it through the operation he now needed to have. "I honestly thought that was the last time I’d hear his voice," the traumatised actress told The Times in memory of the moment. DON'T MISS... Fern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celeb [LATEST] Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE] BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW]  The pair had been inseparable since his proposal half an hour into their first meeting in the Austrian capital of Vienna, where she'd been working back in August 2021. Prior to that, they had talked "six hours every day for eight weeks", meaning they'd had plenty of chances to get to know one another remotely. And despite Jonathan's life-changing accident, they are still madly in love. She admitted during an emotional chat on the Lorraine show that she sometimes "forgets" her husband-to-be is in a wheelchair. She also shared on the show that the pair intend to marry this summer, as originally planned, as his disabilities change nothing for her. "He's amazing, he makes me smile. I love him to bits," she gushed, before adding encouragingly: "He's going from strength to strength." The smitten star described her "gorgeous" beau as still being "independent and strong" and revealed that although he'd handed her a "get out of jail free card" and the option to walk away, she'd remained as committed as ever. Jonathan has now retired from escapology, while Amanda's new comedy series The Family Pile continues following its debut last month. Amanda was previously in a relationship with Martin Freeman from 2000 until 2016 and they have two children together: Joe and Grace. Speaking to The Times about their separation, Amanda said: "At the time, splitting up from him was the most painful thing I'd ever experienced."