The £3.5million Cotswolds farmhouse reportedly has six bedrooms and a separate outbuilding that has been converted into a guesthouse. The renovation was ideal for travelling visitors, including Beatrice's younger sister Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank, their two-year-old son August, who is seven months older than his cousin Sienna, and Eugenie's second child whom with she is currently pregnant. Eugenie and Jack are now splitting their time between Portugal and Nottingham Cottage when they are in the UK. According to reports, Beatrice and Edoardo have also installed a six-foot security gate as an added safety measure. READ MORE: Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted  While the couple were no doubt keen to move into their new property, it was all worth the wait. The beautiful farmhouse is said to have a swimming pool and tennis courts, as well as offering much more space and privacy than their former central London home. Edoardo's parents live in the Cotswolds, so the property is well-placed for Sienna to grow up around her paternal grandparents. In addition, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson live in Royal Lodge in Windsor, which is only an hour and 40-minute drive away, meaning that Princess Beatrice is not too far away from her own parents.   The Cotswolds in the UK is known for its charming towns as well as its breathtaking and calming scenery. The property is located near woodlands and has lots of space for some of its luxury features such as swimming pools and tennis courts. The beautiful home was reportedly on the market for around £3million. "The owner was very excited Bea had been round, though she tried to keep it quiet," a source told the Daily Mail. READ MORE: Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show  He also claimed Beatrice and Edoardo were very keen to put in an offer on the beautiful home. Reports stated the couple were due to relocate to the Cotswolds as they picked a stunning £3million property as their first family home. They are now expected to manage their hectic London lifestyle by dividing their time between the city and the calm countryside. The £3million property is reportedly based near Blenheim Palace, which is in the picture-perfect countryside with plenty of privacy.  Princess Beatrice has resided at St James's Palace for several years and previously shared the four-bedroom home with Princess Eugenie. This was before she moved out to Ivy Cottage at Kensington Palace. Beatrice revealed a few glimpses inside her London family home during interviews and Zoom calls throughout the coronavirus pandemic. She has shown a framed wedding photo on display on her mantelpiece, and a vase of Pampas grass in her living room. Other royals such as Princess Anne also have a London base in St James’s Palace. 