Eamonn’s furious rant against ITV came when he, GB News co-host Isabel Webster and guests Dawn Neesom and Sean McDonald discussed Matt Hancock’s appearance on Sunday’s Dancing on Ice. Matt appeared in the crowd of the skating competition and even joined Holly Willoughby for a chat away from the action on the ice. With Matt’s latest ITV appearance coming after he bagged a reported £320,000 for his I’m A Celebrity stint, Eamonn quickly highlighted the “woke” network's seeming hypocrisy. Eamonn kicked off the discussion and Matt’s DOI appearance by turning the pages of the day’s newspaper and saying: “Turning on the telly last night, there were two stories I suppose, Happy Valley which we’ll come to later on, on BBC, and then there was the former Health Secretary, Matt Hancock, front row on Dancing on Ice on ITV. “Why does Matt Hancock think he’s a celebrity or a personality or that anybody’s remotely interested in watching him?” Eamonn put to Sean and Dawn Sean replied: “I’m absolutely convinced that Matt Hancock has got incriminating images of somebody at ITV or he’s got something over people because why is he there? “The guy’s a personality vacuum, I called him a wet lettuce before. I did have to laugh, he was sitting beside Paul Chuckle of the Chuckle Brothers and Paul Chuckle was still more serious than Matt Hancock, he’s the least serious guy in there. READ MORE: Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat “I cannot understand it, it’s very frustrating. I think I would like to once again circle back, this guy was the Health Secretary that presided over absolute chaos. “He broke his own rules, and we’re letting this wee guy just swan about as if he’s part of the reality TV set.” Isabel then quipped it was a new approach by former members of the Conservative Party to “come back and haunt” the public once they left their post. Dawn then said Matt looked like “some sort of weird teenager” before Eamonn wanted to put ITV in the firing line instead. “You see, people talk about, ‘Oh, he took the money and he appeared on I’m A Celebrity-‘ He took, what was it? About £320,000 or something, but ITV never comes in for the criticism which they should get because they offered the money and yet they escape all the criticism,” he emphatically highlighted. Sean was in agreement as he answered: “Absolutely. I think ITV do deserve a lot of criticism. It shows complete contempt for the British electorate, the British public, the way that this guy just absolutely extracted the proverbial out of everybody. “But ITV say, ‘No, it’s okay, we’re just gonna show him on TV now.’ So you’re showing deliberate contempt for the people up and down Britain, the people who couldn’t attend funerals, couldn’t meet loved ones, people who couldn’t even meet their pal for a beer for such a long time and we’re supposed to go, ‘Oh, ITV says it’s fine.’ I don’t think so.” Isabel chipped in to point out she “understood the logic” to using Matt on I’m A Celebrity for ratings, although was confused by his DOI appearance. DON'T MISS:Dancing on Ice viewers ‘fuming’ as Ekin-Su forced to leave competionDancing on Ice viewers left fuming over Matt Hancock's appearanceVera will be welcoming a brand new character to replace Dr Malcolm Eamonn explained, however: “There’s the Ed Balls model, where Ed Balls was Shadow Chancellor at one stage and a very credible politician. “His wife is in the Shadow Cabinet and he’s done incredibly well over a number of programmes. “But if Matt Hancock thinks he’s Ed Balls, I think he’s another thing coming, I don’t think there’s likability.” Dawn weighed in to “disagree” with Sean about his ITV stance but Eamonn was firmly on his side. The former This Morning host raged: “No, ITV is the cancel culture, the woke station of all of them. “And they’re the ones who then offer this man £300,000 to come on a programme. “I agree with everything Sean said,” Eamonn said as he concluded his blistering take on his former employers. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.