Mason Greenwood had his ‘spirits lifted’ by Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag in their first conversation since the forward’s legal case was dropped, according to reports. Last week, the Crown Prosecution Service withdrew charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour, and assault. Ten Hag reportedly called Greenwood days after the investigation was dropped. The Dutchman allegedly asked how the 21-year-old was feeling, physically and mentally. It is believed to have been the first time that Ten Hag has spoken directly to Greenwood since being appointed as Red Devils boss last summer. Previous correspondence has apparently been through a third party. Greenwood allegedly had his ‘spirits lifted’ by the conversation. He remains unable to train or play for the Old Trafford outfit while the Premier League club continues an internal investigation, including fielding the views of sponsors over whether the England man can return to action at the highest level. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' A source told The Sun that Greenwood came away from the chat ‘appreciative’ of what Ten Hag had to say. They described it as a ‘big step’ for the United academy graduate, but said the club still has a ‘massive decision’ to make over the player’s future. The source told the newspaper: “Mason has spent a long time with very little — if any — contact from the club. As and when they were in touch, it was never direct and always through a third party. So for the manager to call him was a big step for him and one he really appreciated. “The manager enquired how he was feeling physically and mentally and said he was pleased the charges had been dropped.” They continued: “Mason’s spirits were lifted by it. He has been at United since he was six and just wants to get back to playing football for them. DON'T MISS...FPL injury news - Man Utd trio out, Arsenal's boost, Man City dilemmaCasemiro handed punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real MadridMan Utd can offer Napoli four players to beat Chelsea to Osimhen deal “He is happiest with a ball at his feet and wants to get his career back on track. But he knows the club has a massive decision to make.” Greenwood has not played for United since a 1-0 win over West Ham on January 22 last year. He was arrested nine days later on January 31. The young forward, who has made 129 appearances for United and scored 35 goals, is believed to earn £100,000 per-week and still has over three years to run on his deal. He remains suspended by the club amid an internal investigation.