Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross publicly mocked Humza Yousaf, who is the runaway favourite to replace Nicola Sturgeon as First Minister. During a fiery session of FMQs in the Scottish Parliament, Mr Murray read out a litany of failures from Ms Sturgeon's crown prince. With Mr Yousaf's main rival Finance Secretary Kate Forbe's campaign apparently holed by her stance on social issues because of her Christian beliefs, the Scottish Tory leader laid into his 11 year record of failure as a minister. He said: "So let's look at what Humza Yousaf has done in office. He was the transport minister who drove without a licence, he delayed the duelling of the A9, and he clapped like a seal when Nicola Sturgeon launched a ferry with painted on windows." To laughter in the chamber, Mr Ross went on: "He was Justice Secretary who did nothing while violent crime rose, got duped by a hoax video into calling in the police to investigate Rangers players, and damaged free speech with his Hate Crime Act." Mr Murray was not finished. Turning to Yousaf's current role as Health Secretary he lampooned the Scottish minister saying: "And now Humza Yousaf is th worst Health Secretary since devolution but it looks like he's going to fail upwards." To applause, he added: "I any other line of work Humza Yousaf would have been sacked not promoted. "Forget being SNP leader why is he even still in government?" Earlier this week Express.co.uk revealed that pro-UK parties are rooting for Mr Yousaf. A Scottish Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: "I am definitely part of team Humza. He will be an utter disaster for them [the SNP]." READ MORE: SNP's rivals want Humza Yousaf elected to replace Sturgeon A Scottish Labour figure nicknamed Yousaf "Captain Calamity." Meanwhile, some senior SNP members who were backing Ms Forbes have raised their fears that Yousaf could spell the end of their party's 16 years of dominance in Scotland. One senior SNP figure said: "We will be wiped out if he wins the leadership contest." After Ms Forbes was criticised for her religious beliefs on transgender issues, same sex marriage and children born out of wedlock she has stopped being the frontrunner. Mr Yousaf is now the 4/9 favourite with the third candidate Ash Regan at second place on 4/1.