The liver is one of our vital organs responsible for more than 500 functions. These include converting food into energy and removing toxins from the blood. Any problems with the liver, therefore, can result in multiple symptoms that have an impact on everyday life. Fatty liver disease, which is also called non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, refers to conditions caused by an excess of fat in the liver. As the name suggests it is not caused by alcohol. Common causes include being overweight or obese and having type 2 diabetes. In its early stages fatty liver disease often doesn’t present any symptoms.  READ MORE: The 'anti-cancer' spice that could help shed visceral fat in 'weeks' - study However, the more serious it becomes the more likely you are to notice the side effects. The fourth and final stage of fatty liver disease is cirrhosis, which occurs after years of inflammation. According to the NHS the liver becomes shrunken, scarred and lumpy. It says: “This damage is permanent and can lead to liver failure (where your liver stops working properly) and liver cancer.”  If someone has cirrhosis they are more likely to experience symptoms. One such symptom is a loss of appetite. The British Liver Trust warns that staying well nourished can be difficult if you have cirrhosis due to several problems that can make eating unappealing. These are: READ MORE: The green fruit that could prevent diabetes - helps 'stabilise' blood sugar  If you are struggling with loss of appetite as a result of cirrhosis the trust recommends: The trust says: “Nourishing drinks include full cream milk, homemade fruit milkshakes or smoothies, and drinks made with nutritional supplements. “Check with your doctor or dietitian before using nutritional supplements to find out if they are suitable for you.” Other common symptoms of cirrhosis include:  If cirrhosis gets worse it can cause: If you think you have cirrhosis or fatty liver disease you should see a GP. To prevent getting or reduce the effects of fatty liver disease the NHS recommends adopting a healthy lifestyle. This includes: 