To meet Angola's President of the National Assembly, Carolina Cerqueira, at an event held in the city of Luanda, Queen Letizia of Spain opted for a beautiful red flowy dress from Spanish brand Massimo Dutti. The Spanish monarch first wore the long sleeve midi dress in 2020, and although it is no longer available, it used to retail for £176. Queen Letizia combined the elegant gown with a red leather clutch bag from Malababa and red suede slingback pumps from Caroline Herrera. For jewellery, the Queen donned a pair of gold needle earrings with diamonds and ruby from designer Gold and Roses, which have a price tag of £1,400. She also sported her favourite ring, the gold "Amor Che Tutto Move" ring from Coreterno that she is rarely seen without. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims  Royal watchers took to social media to praise Letizia's outfit with @azucena0101 saying: "She is a fashion icon in my opinion. Rarely misses." Another royal fan, @hil1910, added: "Awesome style Queen. She’d look good in anything." "Letizia always looks amazing. Her style is awesome. Having said that, although this dress is very stylish, it actually looks too big on her. She could have worn a size or two smaller," commented a third one. Another royal watcher opined that the dress was too short: "I love Letizia in red but I think the length of the skirt is throwing me. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section below  "I don’t know if the model is taller or if it’s her boots but I prefer that length. Still a nice look!" "Very matchy. Love all the red right before Valentine's Day!" commented Instagram user @redheadcagrl. Social media user and royal fan @h_k_bend added that red "seems to be a royal trend currently, and it’s a great colour for her". READ MORE: Queen Letizia of Spain wows in 'super stylish' look today In fact, Letizia's dress is very similar to the one Kate, Princess of Wales wore in October last year to attend the BAFTA awards. Kate arrived at the event in London donning a stunning all-red ensemble and tan accessories. Although it looked like a dress, Kate was actually wearing a red turtle neck jumper from Polo Ralph Lauren (£65) and a matching pleated skirt from Christopher Kane (£845), making the look more expensive than Queen Letizia's. For accessories, she recycled her favourite DeMellier bag in tan and a matching pair of tan heels. Royal fan and social media user Diane Turkington commented back then: “The sheer elegance of our future Queen.” Sienna Matlock said: “Absolutely stunning, she never fails" and a third one added: "She looks splendid and elegant." Queen Letizia and her husband King Felipe will continue their tour for another week in order to strengthen the relationship between Angola and Spain. This is the Spanish royals' first official trip to a country in Sub-Saharan Africa.