Nicola Bulley's body was found in a "perfect deposition site", the leader of an underwater search team who helped police in their investigation has said. Peter Faulding, whose team Specialist Group International joined police in searching the River Wyre for the mum-of-two, was keen not to spark speculation as to what had definitively happened to Nicola - but said it was a "possibility" a body could be placed in the river after disappearing.   Police today confirmed that a body discovered in an area of reeds in the River Wyre was Ms Bulley, concluding a twenty-three day search for the 45-year-old mortgage advisor. Asked if the body could have been placed in the river, Mr Faulding told GB News: "I don't wanna start speculation - there's potential - it's on a corner it's a perfect deposition site and it's right next to a wall. That is a possibility but I don't wanna start speculation on that."  He added that he had seen "no sign" of her when he searched that part of the river with his sonar team - although his equipment only covers the riverbed, not areas of bush or reeds. Mr Faulding went on to say there was "a possibility Nicola could have been lodged somewhere else further upstream" as a possible explanation for why he had seen no sign of her, before adding, "What I do find strange is that she hasn't gone very far I would have expected her to go further in three weeks than she did - literally a few hundred yards just down the stream of the Wyre." Mr Faulding, speaking to True Crime Newsquest on February 9, said a body caught among reeds would not be able to be picked up on sonar. The investigator said there were “various areas of reeds and things where bodies could potentially get lodged” in the river. However he added at the time that there were “not many” of these hazards, saying: “I'm quite happy that that area has been cleared as well.”  A former detective told the Times there were "two possibilities" for what had happened to Ms Bulley's body - either she had been "weighed down or there were failures in the search." READ MORE: Man who spotted Nicola Bulley's body reeds breaks his silence [REVEAL] From early in the search, Lancashire Police have consistently stated their main hypothesis was that Ms Bulley fell into the river. They have never suggested any third-party involvement, and the missing persons investigation was not treated as a criminal investigation. Superintendent Sally Riley said on February 3, five days after Nicola vanished: "Our main working hypothesis, therefore, is that Nicola has sadly fallen into the river, that there is no third-party or criminal involvement and that this is not suspicious, but a tragic case of a missing person." However, the force has come under fire after Nicola's body was found not by police officers, but by passers-by, one of whom was a psychic. DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley river search expert breaks silence after body found [REVEAL]Witness tells of first words to cops after finding Nicola Bulley [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley's family 'heartbroken' after a body was found in river [ANALYSIS] The 33-year-old from Oldham, who described himself as a spiritual medium on his Facebook page, said: “As has obviously become apparent, yes it is myself in the images in the media currently circulating relating to the case of Nicola Bulley and yes yesterday morning it was myself and a friend who reported and assisted the police in the recovery of a body from the river Wyre. “I was not asked by the police or Nicola’s family to become involved in this case, but having seen the wild speculation and hurtful commentary that has been ongoing, and having previously assisted in the recovery of Michael Brooks, I decided to use whatever ‘gift’ it is we mediums possess to try and locate Nicola Bulley. “My thoughts and prayers are with her family, friends and loved ones at this time and I do hope that if it is indeed Nicola, they can find some peace with this. If it is not, I would send my prayers to the family of whomever it may be.” 