Nicola Bulley has not been seen since last Friday when she went missing after dropping her two daughters, ages six and nine, at school. Police have identified several witnesses who saw her out walking but the latest witness revealed she "doesn't know anything". So here's everything we know so far. Nicola walked along the path by the River Wyre after dropping her two daughters off at school. At around 8.50am Nicola bumped into another dog walker and had a brief chat whilst the two dogs played together before going their separate ways. Police also identified a witness who was captured on CCTV walking along the path at the same time and may have spotted Nicola during this time but police were left at a dead end as she revealed she "doesn't know anything". Nicola sent an email to her boss  A friend revealed that Nicola sent a text shortly before she disappeared organising to meet with a friend in the week. The friend said the message indicates that Nicola had no intention of going missing. She said: "You wouldn’t have done that if you were going to get up and go missing."  Just after 9am Nicola logged onto work call on Teams with some coworkers but had her microphone and camera switched off. A witness, who knows Nicola saw her walking with Willow from a distance.  Shortly after 9.30am a passer-by raised the alarm after finding Willow alone near the river. The woman, who did not want to be named found Willow running free next to the river as well as her phone, which was still connected to a work call, which had ended. Becoming concerned she called her daughter-in-law who recognised the dog and called Nicola's partner Paul, who then rang the police. READ MORE: Heartbroken family of girl mauled to death by dog breaks silence Police have entered the seventh day of their search in the area surrounding where Nicola went missing. On Friday police cordoned off a Skippool Creek in Poulton-le-Fylde car park and footpath nine miles downstream from where Nicola went missing. They have not disclosed why they have sealed it off but officers in forensic suits were spotted at the scene carrying bags of evidence. Police say the investigation is still a missing person inquiry, saying they have no reason to suspect any criminal element or anything to suggest any third-party involvement. Superintendent Sally Riley said: "I appreciate that there are unanswered questions about what has happened to Nicola, but I would urge people not to speculate or spread false rumours. We will share updates when we can, but we must be factual. "Nicola’s family are being kept up to date with events and is being supported by officers. "We are really grateful for the community’s help and cooperation so far, but I’d like to stress again parts of the riverbank are treacherous, especially after the recent rain, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies’ efforts to find Nicola are not compromised." Nicola's partner made his first speech saying he will "never lose hope" but "cannot get his head around" how she has vanished. Paul Ansell said: "Every single scenario comes to a brick wall. Every single one of them. "All we are doing is sitting there going round and round and round through each scenario." The 44-year-old said his "whole focus" is on the two girls and that he was "hoping to goodness" that people would come forward with new information. Members of the community were out in force on Friday with posters and banners of Nicola in a bid to spread the word. Mr Ansell said the support from the community had given the family "a great amount of comfort". On Thursday, Nicola's father Ernest Bulley vowed to "never stop looking" for his daughter. Recalling the last conversation he had with her he said she was "great" and seemed "upbeat". He made a plea for information as he said: "If she’s watching this, then all we’d like to say is come home, contact the police, contact ourselves and we just want you back." Mr Bulley added: "They know that Mummy’s missing but they know that she’s going to be coming home and everyone is looking for her so it’s only a matter of time, that they’re thinking in their minds, that she’s going to walk through that door." 