Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag took a subtle jab at Liverpool and hailed four players after his side's 2-1 Europa League win over Barcelona on Thursday night. The Red Devils boosted their chances of a historic quadruple following goals from Fred and Antony. Robert Lewandowski had previously put the La Liga giants ahead from the penalty spot - but this was a night that belonged to the home side. Manchester United fell behind against Barcelona, with Lewandowski beating David De Gea from the penalty spot in the 18th minute following a foul from Bruno Fernandes. However, after half-time, the Red Devils then managed to turn the tie around. Fred levelled for United, with the Brazil international producing an outstanding performance in the middle of the park full of courage and bravery. And another Brazilian, Antony, then popped up with the winner late on to spark wild celebrations around Old Trafford. Speaking after the game, Ten Hag praised his side for the result. And the Dutchman also couldn't resist a swipe at Liverpool, referring to their 5-2 defeat at the hands of Real Madrid earlier in the week, while praising the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane, Casemiro, Antony and Alejandro Garnacho. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "I think so yes,” he said when asked if this was his biggest win since taking charge of the club back in the summer. "Barcelona are the leader of La Liga - eight points ahead of Real Madrid. We have seen what Real Madrid did this week [against Liverpool[. I think it's a big win yes that we beat them. "Our game plan was Antony and Garnacho. You get over wide areas, speed, runs behind, dribbles.. you get belief. They are both so brave and fear no one. "I think we have great personalities in the team. Rapha [Raphael Varane] and Licha [Lisandro] Martinez. “I said already Antony and Garnacho fear no one. Bruno also, Casemiro of course. We have personalities that bounce back from set backs." United goalscorer Fred also spoke out after the game. He said: "Very good to hear my name from the fans but it was a good game we played today. “We need to keep going we have a final on Sunday and now we have to change our mind to go to the final [against Newcastle]. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I said already Antony and Garnacho fear no one. Bruno also, Casemiro of course. We have personalities that bounce back from set backs. "Very good to hear my name from the fans but it was a good game we played today. We need to keep going we have a final on Sunday and now we have to change our mind to go to the final [against Newcastle]. And Fernandes stated: "The belief of the team is always there and the belief of the fans is amazing. They pushed us through difficult moments for great comebacks. “It is a great result but now we have a big game on Sunday. The fans have been with us in the toughest moments, this season we have been really good because they are always behind us but this is something different. “You can feel between them and us there is something special, Old Trafford was bouncing that is why we got the result. "When we got the goal right at the start of the second half we knew they were going to be right behind us."