Turkey has been hit by another earthquake just weeks after a tremor devastated the country and left 48,000 people dead. The magnitude 5.6 earthquake was centred in the town of Yesilyurt in Malatya province in southern Turkey, the country's disaster management agency said. There were no immediate reports of casualties but at least 110 people have been injured. Yesilyurt's mayor, Mehmet Cinar, told HaberTurk television that a few buildings had collapsed in the town. The disaster management agency has confirmed that 29 buildings have been destroyed in the latest quake. Malatya was among 11 Turkish provinces that were hit hard by the magnitude 7.8 earthquake which devastated parts of southern Turkey and northern Syria on February 6. That quake led to more than 48,000 deaths in both countries as well as the collapse or serious damage of 173,000 buildings in Turkey. Since then, the country has been hit by a number of aftershocks that have led to more devastation.  AFAD, Turkey's disaster management agency, have said nearly 10,000 aftershocks have hit the region since the original quake on February 6. Last week, a 6.4 magnitude earthquake hit Turkey's Hatay province which had been the most impacted by the February 6 earthquake. The earthquake last Monday killed six people and injured a further 294, with 18 being left in critical condition. After hundreds of buildings collapsed across the country, Turkish police have since arrested 184 people suspected of responsibility for the collapse of certain buildings. READ MORE: Erdogan urges Putin to back down hours after China's 12-point plea A 5.5-magnitude earthquake struck central Turkey at 10.27am local time on Saturday, February 25. The alarm of a 10km-deep quake was raised by the European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre on Saturday morning. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag said more than 600 people had been investigated in connection with collapsed buildings, speaking during a news conference in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, which was among 10 provinces hit by the disaster. Those formally arrested and remanded in custody include 79 construction contractors, 74 people who bear legal responsibility for buildings, 13 property owners and 18 people who had made alterations to buildings, he said.  DON'T MISS:Leading earthquake experts predict new disasters in Turkey [COMMENT]Syrian earthquake 'miracle' child reunited with aunt and uncle [PICTURES]Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after quake [INSIGHT] Experts have said many toppled structures were built with inferior materials and methods and often did not comply with government standards. Opposition parties have accused President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s administration of failing to enforce building regulations. The mayor of a town close to the epicentre of the earthquake was detained as part of an investigation into collapsed buildings, the Cumhuriyet newspaper and other outlets reported Saturday. Okkes Kavak, who heads the district of Nurdagi in Gaziantep province and is a member of Erdogan’s Justice and Development Party (AKP), is said to have failed to ensure construction inspections were carried out. 