Marcus Rashford currently wears the No 10 shirt at Manchester United, and has done ever since 2018. However, with the England international in the form of his life, it’s feasible the Red Devils will give him the most special jersey of them all. The No 7 is vacant at Old Trafford these days following the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo - and it takes a big individual to follow in the footsteps of the Portugal international. At the start of the season, many were wondering what to expect from Rashford. Like many at United he had regressed last term as the club endured a miserable campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Rashford netted just five goals and some believed it was time for him to leave after failing to kick on since bursting onto the scene in 2016. Not the 25-year-old himself, however. Rashford decided to knuckle down back in the summer, spending time to work on his fitness so he could hit the ground running. And Ten Hag was enamoured by the attacker immediately as a result, recognising the hard work and dedication he was putting in behind the scenes. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Rashford, ever since, has been a player completely transformed. The England international has bagged 22 goals across all competitions, matching his best-ever individual campaigns at the club. Rashford was immense on Thursday night against Barcelona, posing the Catalan giants all sorts of problems with his pace and potency. His performance earned rave reviews, with everybody from Ten Hag to Paul Scholes, Owen Hargreaves to the Spanish press hailing his display. So with the No 7 shirt vacant, why not give it to Rashford? The No 10 is, of course, still a special shirt number at the club - having been worn by icons such as Denis Law and Ruud van Nistelrooy, among others. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But the No 7 is a different matter entirely. George Best did it just with the digit on his back, with the Red Devils hero helping the club win the Champions League in 1968. That triumph came just a decade after eight members of the Busby Babes had tragically lost their lives in the Munich Air Disaster. In 1992, another great player arrived. United recruited Eric Cantona from Leeds and the rest, as the old saying goes, is history. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The 56-year-old propelled the club to four Premier League titles, as well as the FA Cup on two occasions, while he was at Old Trafford. David Beckham would also become a United legend with the No 7 on his back, before leaving for Real Madrid in 2003. And then, of course, there’s Ronaldo. The Portugal international touched down as a spotty teenager after Beckham’s replacement, with few having heard of him at the time. Yet Ronaldo proceeded to become a legend, propelling the club to three league titles as well as the Champions League in 2008. Even though his second spell at the club didn’t live up to expectations, the 38-year-old still impressed last term with 24 goals across all competitions. United are likely to land a superstar this summer, especially if a takeover goes ahead. There’s already talk of blockbuster moves for Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham, of Paris Saint-Germain and Borussia Dortmund respectively, arriving at the club. However, in Rashford, they already have a player worthy of the No 7. And, if he continues at this rate, he’ll become a United legend himself.