A new survey from Bounce looked at the best foodie destinations in Europe for British tourists. The team looked at the number of restaurants, number of Michelin stars, Instagram posts and TikTok views. Paris was ranked the best city in Europe for foodies, shortly after it was named best street food city in a separate poll. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’  The French capital has 910 restaurants for every 100,000 people and 118 Michelin starred restaurants. But what should Britons sample in Paris? The baguette recently gained UNESCO recognition and tourists can’t leave Paris without sampling one from one of the city’s many bakeries. A TikTok favourite, Cedric Grolet’s extraordinary desserts are shaped to look like fruit and the patissier and his team only make 200 per day. The city’s top rated restaurant is Verjus, which serves modern European dishes from its stylish brasserie. Madrid took second place on the list and was the highest ranking city in Spain, one of the UK’s leading holiday destinations. It might not be to everyone’s tastes, but brave tourists could try callos a la madrilena, a local tripe stew. The city’s top-rated restaurant on Tripadvisor is Angelita Madrid, which serves international fusion dishes. According to Bounce’s research, the city has 162 Michelin starred restaurants and only 4.5 percent of restaurants serve fast food. READ MORE: England’s best free family days out for half-term Barcelona took third place, sitting just behind Madrid on the table, and making Spain the leading country in the table. The coastal city is famous for its traditional Catalan dishes including mongetes amb botifarra, white beans and fat. Tourists could also try one of the famous restaurants in the renowned La Boqueria market close to Las Ramblas. Lisbon took fourth spot on the list and had the most restaurants to residents with 1,089 for every 100,000 residents. Amsterdam ranked in fifth place with an incredible 72 Michelin starred restaurants for foodies to try. In the UK, London took sixth place on the table, sitting just ahead of Vienna, Berlin and Munich. The city’s top-rated restaurant on Tripadvisor is Dishoom which models itself on Mumbai’s Iranian cafes. London is also known for its many independent cafes and restaurants which serve a huge range of cuisines.