Late goals by Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho squeezed Manchester United beyond Leeds as Erik ten Hag avoided another underwhelming draw against the Red Devils' fierce rivals. Rashford headed home with 10 minutes to go before Garnacho struck via the post four minutes later as United's Champions League charge was reignited at Elland Road. Here are five things Express Sport noticed on Sunday afternoon. Ten Hag irritated Ten Hag handed a second start to loanee Marcel Sabitzer and the Austrian appeared to provide a combative presence in the first half. However, the United boss grew irritated by Sabitzer and midfield partner Fred in the second half. Ten Hag felt that his midfielders had dropped too deep, allowing Leeds to take control of key territory. Leeds controlled large parts of the second half and created several chances. Ten Hag was particularly animated on the sidelines. Even as the game approached the final 15 minutes, the idea that United would go on to win 2-0 seemed unlikely. Ten Hag won't be hugely delighted with his side's performance despite the result. JUST IN: Leeds next manager - Nuno's stance on job emerges before Man Utd clash Both sets of fans let themselves down This game was always going to involve a tense atmosphere. But both sets of fans let themselves down with wholly unnecessary and incendiary chanting. Songs about Mason Greenwood’s recent legal case and a riposte about Jimmy Savile’s association with Leeds could be heard over the live broadcast. There were also chants about the Munich Air Disaster and about Leeds fans getting stabbed in their 2000 UEFA Cup semi-final in Istanbul. The chants played out in the backdrop of a decent game of football, which should have been the focus. The Premier League and FA must clamp down on the chants. Both clubs released a joint statement after the final whistle condemning the chants. DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag has dropped early Sancho team news hint for Leeds clashMan Utd takeover update as 'most likely suitors' receive UEFA backingMan Utd respond to Ronaldo complaints with 'multi-million revamp' Maguire-Shaw experiment works well Ten Hag might have inadvertently given himself a selection headache by handing Harry Maguire a rare start in a centre-back partnership with Luke Shaw. Maguire, starting for just the fifth Premier League game this season, was excellent at Elland Road. First-choice pairing Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane were both left on the bench. The latter struggled in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford in midweek, netting an avoidable own goal in the second half. Maguire has done well when he has stepped in under Ten Hag. Still the club captain, the 29-year-old has been linked with a departure but might be too good to let go. Shaw also impressed in another outing as a makeshift centre-back. New Leeds manager target watches on Leeds have been linked with several new managers as the hunt for Jesse Marsch’s successor continues. And there was an entirely fresh candidate in the stands watching on. According to the Telegraph, former Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder is a ‘serious’ contender for the job and attended the match. Coincidentally, Schreuder’s name has plenty of significance in Man Utd’s season - with the Dutchman replacing Ten Hag at Ajax after United raided the Eredivisie giants last summer. However, Schreuder endured an awful six months at Ajax and has already been sacked. The 50-year-old is looking for a new job, and Leeds might offer a quick return to football. Meslier passes audition United have been loosely linked with Leeds goalkeeper Illan Meslier as they search for David De Gea’s long-term successor. They could enter the race for the young Frenchman’s signature but will face strong competition from Chelsea and Tottenham. If the Red Devils’ interest is genuine, then the 22-year-old certainly passed his audition at Elland Road, having also played well at Old Trafford in midweek. Meslier made an excellent save as Bruno Fernandes bore down on goal in the first half.