Arsenal and Manchester United have learned their fate after the Europa League last-16 knockout round draw was made in Nyon on Friday. Mikel Arteta's side will face Portuguese outfit Sporting Lisbon, while Erik ten Hag's United have been rewarded for beating Barcelona on Thursday with a tie against another Spanish team Real Betis. The Red Devils produced an impressive display to secure a 2-1 victory at Old Trafford thanks to goals from Brazilian duo Fred and Antony after Robert Lewandowski's early penalty had put the Catalan giants in front. That was enough to put them through after a 2-2 draw in the first leg at the Camp Nou and now they will face a familiar foe in Manuel Pellegrini, whose side are currently fifth in La Liga. The Gunners made it through to the last-16 through the conventional route of qualifying top of their group, with five wins from six ensuring a comfortable passing to the knockout stages. Finishing top of the group earned them seeded status for the draw, meaning they avoided the play-off round against teams dropping out of the Champions League. And their reward is a home tie against Sporting for the first leg. Europa League draw LIVE - Man Utd and Arsenal learn fate United welcome Betis to Old Trafford for the first leg on March 9 before heading to southern Spain for the second leg in Seville on March 16 at the Benito Villamarin. Arsenal, meanwhile, will go to the Portuguese capital of Lisbon for the first leg at Estadio Jose Alvalade and host the return fixture at the Emirates Stadium. United's route to the knockout stages was somewhat more complex after finishing second behind Real Sociedad on the head-to-head, having amassed the same amount of points as the La Liga outfit. But they were able to avoid tricky ties against Juventus and Bayer Leverkusen as no teams can be drawn against each other from the same category. UEFA rules also dictate that no two teams from the same territory can be drawn against each other at this stage - meaning that United could not be drawn against Arsenal in the last-16 tie. Europa League draw in full: Bayer Leverkusen vs Ferencvaros Juventus vs Freiburg Manchester United vs Real Betis Roma vs Real Sociedad Sevilla vs Fenerbahce Shakhtar Donetsk vs Feyenoord Sporting CP vs Arsenal Union Berlin vs Union Saint-Gilloise