Cruise holidays can be a nightmare for guests who suffer from seasickness or motion sickness. But one guest has shared how passengers can avoid it. They said on Reddit: “Book a room in the middle of the ship, both vertically and lengthwise. “Those rooms feel the least amount of movement. Definitely don’t book at the very front or back of the ship or on very high floors.” Rooms at the back or the front of the ship will usually get more movement when the ship is at sea. Experts also recommend booking a room on one of the lower decks if you suffer from seasickness. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ Generally, the lower you are on the ship, the less the movement of the ship can be felt. The guest said they also liked to book a balcony cabin so they could enjoy fresh air whenever they wanted. Fresh air and watching the horizon could help guests calm their nerves and reduce seasickness symptoms. The guest added: “If you feel yourself getting uncomfortable, try drinking some ginger ale or nibble on some green apples. “It helps more than you’d think. Also try to stand outside and keep your eye on the horizon where water and sky meet. “Standing is often better than sitting because your legs will help you correct for the ship’s movement.” If passengers don’t have their own balcony, they could head outside to one of the quieter decks for fresh air. They can also ask the crew for ginger ale or a green apple which could help to lessen their symptoms. READ MORE: The worst things British tourists do on a foreign holiday The guest said: “Do not drink alcohol! In my experience, the people who get sick are the ones who don’t plan ahead and drink way too much. “If you know you are likely to be uncomfortable just plan ahead, stay away from alcohol and stay near the centre of the ship.” Alcohol could make seasickness symptoms worse, so it’s best to avoid it if you’re feeling unwell. It can also affect people’s balance, which could make the ship’s motion feel a lot more dramatic. Tourists could also bring seasickness pills if they are very worried about getting sick on the cruise. Guests may not even suffer from motion sickness on a cruise, as it’s often harder to feel movement on a large cruise liner. A passenger said: “Although it is possible to get motion sickness on a cruise ship, it’s not as bad as it is on a smaller boat. “The huge size of the cruise ship makes it more stable, but it still could happen in rough waters.”