Mesut Ozil has reportedly decided to quit football and his contract at Turkish club Istanbul Basaksehir is set to be terminated as the former Arsenal playmaker is prepared to end his unsuccessful spell in Turkey. After the German’s contract was terminated by the Gunners in 2021, he moved to Fenerbahce and later then to the Istanbul side. Turkish outlet Fanatik have claimed that after Isatanbul’s 1-0 defeat to Kayserispor on Thursday, which Ozil played the first half of, he told his team-mates that he has decided to quit football and did not turn up to training on Friday morning. His contract is reportedly in the process of being terminated following a disastrous spell in Turkey. The 35-year-old’s imminent release from the club is the latest incident in recent years that has meant that Ozil has been in the headlines for his off-the-field antics more often than his displays with a football. After Mikel Arteta arrived at Arsenal, Ozil was frozen out and his contract was terminated six months earlier than it was due to expire. After making a free transfer to Fenerbahce, Ozil and his team-mate Ozan Tufan had a verbal altercation with interim boss Ismail Kartal and was axed from the squad while the club’s president Ali Koc criticised him publicly. "Since the start of this season, Mesut Ozil has been compared to Robin van Persie," Koc told Fenerbahce TV. "Ozil wants to play more. From now on, he needs to focus on his game and keep his commercial interests out of it. He needs to think about contributing to Fenerbahce.” His contract was then terminated by mutual consent in July, before Ozil joined Istanbul and made just six appearances and one league start before attempting to quit the club. Though the next stage of his career may be away from football, there have been hints that the ex-Real Madrid superstar wants to stream video games and focus on competitive gaming.  "I think he will not play football in any other club any more. I can't see that – it will be Fenerbahce and that’s it," Ozil’s agent Dr Erkut Sogut told The Telegraph in June. “He will go more into esports, play himself and maybe become an esports athlete. He’s really good, to be honest, at Fortnite and I think one day I wouldn’t be surprised if he is competing. He owns a team – M10 Esports – and he has players. He has a gaming house in Germany. He has football, like Fifa, and Fortnite.” Istanbul, who recently announced the loan signing of former Manchester United starlet Adnan Januzaj, have not announced the termination of Ozil’s contract at the time of writing.