 Pamela Anderson, 55, and Tommy Lee, 60, were the talk of Tinseltown during their highly-publicised three-year marriage in the 1990s. The Baywatch star’s bombshell documentary and memoir have now given fans a different view into their tumultuous relationship, but she fears the drummer’s current wife may take some offence.   Pamela and Tommy notoriously got married in 1995 after knowing each other for just four days. Their marriage spanned three years and brought their sons, Dylan and Brandon, into the world, but Pamela has claimed their relationship took a turn in 1996 when private videos were stolen from their home and shared on the burgeoning internet. The couple divorced in 1998 but have remained close friends while raising their sons together. Pamela has since been married five more times, recently splitting from her fourth husband Dan Hayhurst and is currently single. READ MORE: Pauline Quirke is first Birds Of A Feather star to get MBE as she smiles at Prince William  Tommy on the other hand remained single for well over a decade before falling in love with Vine star Brittany Furlan in 2017. According to People, Tommy and Brittany met via the celebrity dating app Raya, although the rocker had been following Brittany on social media for some time before then. The pair got on famously well and Tommy waited a bit longer to propose this time as they dated for almost a year before he popped the question on Valentine’s Day in 2018. The couple got married in 2019 and can often be spotted on each other’s social media pages.     Pamela believes she may have irritated Brittany with her new bombshell revelations giving insights on her relationship with Tommy. Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, the actress said: “I’m sure it’s going to be annoying to his wife. “I’d be annoyed.” In the documentary, Pamela revealed she never truly got over the heartbreak of splitting with Tommy and believes that’s why her other relationships have never truly worked out.  She said on camera: “What it all comes down to is that I never got over not being able to make it work with the father of my kids. "And even though I thought I could recreate a family or fall in love with somebody else, it's just not me. "So that's probably why I keep failing in all my relationships - I'd rather be alone than not be with the father of my kids.” Pamela’s Netflix documentary and tell-all memoir were both released yesterday and have garnered plenty of public interest.  Throughout this month, short excerpts of both the book and doc have attracted attention as some revealed traumatic childhood memories, claims about Pamela’s Hollywood co-stars and an in-depth look at what was really happening in 1996 when the infamous sex tape was released.  While Tommy reportedly supported the project, the actress has claimed she was never consulted about it and told Variety in a recent interview that she refuses to watch it at all. Pamela, A Love Story, is available to watch on Netflix.