A sadistic killer will spend the rest of his life behind bars in the US after murdering a 70-year-old and eating his microwaved body parts. James David Russell, 40, beat David M.Flaget, the caretaker of his grandfather's property, to death before eating his flesh. Given the gruesome nature of the crime, First District Judge Buchanan said her decision to impose the maximum sentence stemmed from her focus on the “protection of society”. "This court cannot fathom a way that society can be protected except for Mr Russell to be confined," Judge Buchanan said of the shocking crime in Idaho. The judge also explained that she considered Russell’s mental illness, but said that it simultaneously mitigated and worsened the gravity of the crime. Officers from Bonner County Sheriff's Department responded to reports of a "suspicious death" in Clark Fork, Idaho, in September 2021 to find Mr Flaget dead in his own truck. An autopsy confirmed Mr Flaget's death was a homicide caused by blunt force trauma to the head and neck, also revealing flesh had been removed from several parts of the victim's body. READ MORE: Ted Bundy cried, prayed and refused to touch his death row meal before he was executed Authorities were quick to point the finger at Russell, who was the "sole resident" of a nearby apartment. Law enforcement found "human flesh, latex gloves, bloody newspapers, bloody duct tape pieces, cutting implements with suspected blood, [and] several areas of blood" at the apartment, according to an affidavit. More grisly details surfaced, with a later affidavit reading: "A bowl and microwave containing apparent blood and tissue were seized." According to the state lab, both the bowl and the outside of the microwave contained Mr Flaget’s DNA. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK' [INSIGHT]Lawyer of raped student's family 'blown away' by consent claim [REPORT]Vancouver warned about decision to decriminalise heroin [LATEST] According to the affidavit, "during the morning of September 10, 2021, James Russell and his uncle, Mark Russell, got into an argument." It said: "Later that day, James Russell left a voicemail on Mark Russell’s phone apologizing for his actions stating, 'Sorry . . . I might be a little sensitive — some sort of food I ate'." Cops claimed Russell thought he could "cure his brain" by eating Flaget’s body parts. Russell initially faced one count of first-degree murder and one count of cannibalism, but the latter charge was dropped in June last year due to a lack of evidence. READ MORE: 'Doesn't have feelings': Ex-FBI agent weighs in on Idaho murders suspect's chilling traits He reached an agreement with prosecutors in November to dismiss the first-degree murder charge if he pleaded guilty to second-degree murder. "I'm very sorry," Russell repeated several times in a statement to Mr Flaget's family in the courtroom. Russell spoke incoherently as he explained how he got a head injury practising judo in 2013. "I was a normal person once," he said. Russell's defense attorney, Sean Walsh, said he was not a cold-blooded killer, claiming the killing was not premeditated and Russell showed signs of remorse. "But for mental illness, it is not conceivable that this could have happened," he said. Bonner County Prosecuting Attorney Louis Marshall acknowledged Russell's history of mental illness and head injury, but urged Buchanan to consider protection of society as the most important factor. "Life is the only reasonable sentence," he said. "The safest place for him and society is life in prison."