WARNING: This article contains FULL spoilers for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever and Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. Last year the Disney Plus TV series Loki introduced He Who Remains - the first on-screen appearance of Kang. This wasn't the mighty warrior fans will come to know, however. He was simply the gatekeeper, holding back the flood of Kangs that were looking to destroy every known multiverse for the sheer delight of it. This horde of maniacal Kangs was introduced in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania's final moments. And, during that movie, Jonathan Majors played the first real threat to the Avengers: Kang the Conquerer. And although his threat was ultimately vanquished (by ants), the film's post-credits scenes proved a worrying theory. The second post-credits scene reintroduced Marvel fans to Loki as he scouted out another Kang variant in a distant multiverse. This variant in question was Victor Timely, a scientist (again played by Majors) in Victorian England who had made a startling time-travel discovery well ahead of his time. While Victor could become a major player in the upcoming war against the Kang Dynasty, his mere existence timeline confirmed some bad news about Kang's endless variants. Victor Timely's presence in Victorian England has revealed Kang variants can be born and live at any point in any timeline, and in any location. This means no timeline is safe; not even the MCU we know and love. With that said, could fans have already met a Kang variant in the Marvel Cinematic Universe? We think so. We believe the MCU variant of Kang was introduced in the movie that preceded Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania - Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. In the final moments of Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Shuri visited Nakia in Haiti. There, she was given the unexpected news that she had given birth to T'Challa's son during the Blip. T'Challa, as we know, died of an unknown illness at the beginning of the movie, and his legacy was brought to a sad end. This mirrored the illness and death of the character's actor, Chadwick Boseman, who died on August 28, 2020, from colon cancer. Nakia revealed during this scene that her son with the late King was named Toussaint, also known as Prince T'Challa, son of King T'Challa (played by Divine Love Konadu-Sun). But what if Toussaint is actually the MCU's variant of Kang? Sure, it is a long shot. But the MCU is certainly moving further away from adapting the Marvel comic books perfectly, so anything is possible. Just look at the latest Spider-Man movie, No Way Home. It reintroduced old Spider-Men actors from previous universes in an attempt to break away from the One More Day graphic novel. DON'T MISS...Ant-Man star admits she wants to fondle King Charles' ear lobesFox Marvel star 'set for Avengers Secret Wars’ 20 years after debutJonathan Majors wants Kang to face-off against dead Avengers hero Traditionally, in the Marvel comic books, Kang is a descendant of Reed Richards, the leader of the Fantastic Four. Named Nathaniel Richards, he is a distant relative of the stretchy superhero - but that hasn't stopped them from crossing swords in the past. But what if the MCU is taking a different route with Kang's lineage? Reed has not yet been introduced in the MCU, and - although we know he is coming to the MCU in the 2025 Fantastic Four movie - that's still years away. If Marvel Studios are going to create a human connection to Kang, they might make him a descendant of one of the series' most cherished heroes: Black Panther. What's more, if you look at the timing of the introductions of both Toussaint and Kang, they occur in quick succession. Black Panther: Wakanda Forever was the final film in the MCU Phase 4. This meant Toussaint was in the final moments of Phase 4 before Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania kickstarted Phase 5. With Toussaint being introduced in the same breath as the interdimensional murderer Kang, it could end up that all of the Kang variants are actually named Toussaint (or T'Challa, or Black Panther). That would also give the MCU's version of Toussaint to take on the Kang army and win in the future, ending the multiversal war once and for all, and even replacing He Who Remains when all is said and done. Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is available to stream on Disney Plus now. Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is in cinemas now.