Jake Paul takes on Tommy Fury tonight in one of the most anticipated fights of the year. The pair will finally square off after nearly two years of waiting at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. Besides the obvious bragging rights a victory would ensure, Paul is also battling it out for a WBC top 40 cruiserweight ranking. A spokesperson for the major sanctioning body wrote: “WBC President, Mauricio Sulaiman, confirms that if Jake Paul wins his upcoming bout against Tommy Fury, the WBC ratings committee will rank him in the cruiserweight division. “Jake Paul has been close to The WBC for several years, starting with the first event promoted in the UK when his brother, Logan, fought KSI; On that night Jake won The WBC amateur belt in the undercard fights. "Jake has dedication and respect to the sport and The WBC will not tolerate discrimination against anyone, he deserves the opportunities that any other boxer has. He demonstrated punching power and improved skills as well as a solid chin, Tommy Fury represents a clear challenge to Paul in a battle of two undefeated professional boxers. "Jake has enrolled in VADA testing Clean Boxing Program, yet another strong reason to support his stance as a boxer." The WBC is also placing a commemoratory ‘WBC Diriyah champion’ belt on the line to mark the occasion. Fight times/ How to watch The Saudi showdown will be broadcast exclusively in the UK on BT Sport Box Office. Fans will have to pay £19.95 to access the pay-per-view fight, with the BT Sport coverage getting underway at 6:30pm.  The ring walks for the main event are expected to take place around 9pm. UK viewers do not need a BT Sport subscription to watch the fight and can live stream the event via the broadcaster’s app and website on all good internet-connected devices including smart TVs, laptops and mobile phones. Full card Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack - WBC cruiserweight title fight Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Adam Saleh vs Stuart Kellogg (Evil Hero)