The stars of the panel show Loose Women are allegedly in talks over tax payments, with insiders claiming some have even threatened to leave. The report comes after TV host Lorraine was embroiled in a tax row in 2019, winning a £1.2million battle with HM Revenue and Customs. It was decided instead of being an ITV employee, she was hired as an entertainer to perform "the role of a friendly, chatty and fun personality". In recent times ITV has been impacted by the changes by HMRC to tax legislation. The network must now decide whether roles are employed or self-employed for tax purposes from April 2021. It has been reported panellists on the daytime show work freelance, declaring themselves self-employed. Now some have allegedly been told to go on a Pay As You Earn contract, meaning instead of corporation tax at 19 per cent, they will have to pay 40 per cent on earnings between £50,271 and £150,000, plus National Insurance. READ MORE: Denise Welch hits back as she gets 'flack’ over unedited swimsuit pics A source told The Mirror: “They have all been self-employed for decades. "Their accountants are saying no, they are self-employed… and are not going to go on PAYE. “They’re so strict about it and we’re talking about the big players.” ITV sources say the changes have been explained to all those concerned and assessments are done on a “case-by-case basis”. Express.co.uk contacted ITV and Loose Women representatives for comment. An ITV spokesperson responded: "ITV complies with HMRC legislation when assessing the tax status of individuals. "ITV will not comment on or disclose any individual's specific circumstances." The Loose Women panellists include Kaye Adams, Linda Robson, Judi Love, Denise Welch, Janet Street-Porter and Coleen Nolan.  DON'T MISS... GB News host 'in trouble' after cheeky Ruth Langsford comment Denise Welch reacts after being told she hogs Loose Women spotlight Loose Women's Denise Welch claims Harry and Meghan ‘were bullied out' Lorraine previously addressed her 2019 tax tribunal case, saying: "I don't want people to think I would do anything to get out of paying what I should be paying." She told The Guardian: "I'm a firm believer in the NHS, a firm believer in better education and housing and looking after people who can't help themselves. "I was brought up in a very working-class background where you pay your dues." The HMRC had said she is an ITV employee and should be subject to income tax and National Insurance payments. Presenter Eamonn Holmes also challenged a similar tribunal ruling for when he hosted This Morning. He said in 2018 HMRC “wanted 10 years of backdated National Insurance” as his former jobs “were staff jobs rather than self-employed”. A person is technically an employee if there is work for them as long as the contract or agreement lasts. A self-employed person is responsible for the success or failure of their business in regards to profit and loss, and they get to choose the hours they work.  Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays from 12.30pm.