Brian Moore, director of Global Security Accreditation and former director general of UK Border Force, shared his top safety tips for British tourists. Moore said tourists should always “make themselves known to staff.” Many hotels or B&Bs have a communal area where guests can use the internet or drink a cup of tea. Brian said: “Make yourself known to staff as soon as you enter with a simple smile, wave or hello. “This could potentially deter any criminals as they know staff are aware of your presence.” He added: “While it may be tempting to let loose on holiday, try not to get intoxicated. Criminals will clock you are vulnerable and be more likely to target you.” READ MORE: Expats explain reason ‘everything is difficult’ in Germany Hotel staff will be on hand to help if anything goes wrong so it’s a good idea for tourists to make themselves known when they enter a communal area. When it comes to booking a hotel, Brian shared a few precautions Britons can take to ensure their safety. He told Express.co.uk: “Assess the physical location of your hotel rather than its star rating. “Try to find out from a trusted and informed source about crime and disorder in the area you are planning to stay.” Big cities usually have a diverse range of areas and some are likely to be safer for tourists than others. Checking out reviews or asking a travel agent for advice could help British tourists ensure they are staying in a safe area. Brian added: “Select a room that is above the first floor as this decreases the chance of a criminal reaching you. “You may also want to choose a room near the lift as the flow of people tends to make them safer. A room near a fire exit or staircase is another good option.” READ MORE: Lake District’s ‘hidden gem’ has ‘caves to explore’ Rooms on the ground floor could be more at risk as they are generally easier for thieves to access. The hotel lift or staircase is likely to be constantly used by tourists or staff which could put thieves off the nearby rooms. Unfortunately, solo women travellers are often at more risk than men and may feel more concerned about staying in a hotel. Brian advised: “If you are a single woman, you can make the booking under Mr and Mrs so that the paperwork will not advertise you are a single woman travelling alone. “Some travel companies, hotels and serviced accommodation providers have ‘lone women traveller’ programmes which provide a wealth of advice and support on these matters.” He added: “If you feel you were followed into the hotel, keep your wits about you. Stop by the desk for help or press a different button on the elevator to throw off anybody who may be monitoring you. “If you drove to the hotel, park near an entrance or a well-lit area and unload any high-value belongings.” Tourists should contact the hotel reception for help if they are concerned about another person or their own safety.