A YouTuber has faced backlash for capitalising on Nicola Bulley's disappearance by filming himself at the scene where the mum-of-two went missing, ignoring repeated warnings from police, experts and members of her family. Danny, who describes himself as a "paranormal investigator", took several videos in the area near where Ms Bulley vanished, much of it filmed at night, during which he traipses around nearby undergrowth. While many commenters supported his "great job" in "helping" the investigation, several pointed out that he was not only contributing little to the effort to find Ms Bulley, but was profiting off the tragedy and running the risk of destroying potentially useful evidence. The content creator, who is called "Exploring with Danny" on social media, has shared several videos of his late-night walks with his dog Molly and pal Felicity, visiting derelict buildings and scouring bushes near where Ms Bulley disappeared. Lancashire Police asked people not to "take the law into their own hands" and risk "thwarting" the investigation, while friends of Nicola have highlighted that armchair detectives and grief tourists were actively hindering the investigation. Meanwhile a missing persons expert told Express.co.uk that, if Ms Bulley had been abducted, crowds of people and other amateur sleuths could provide a cover for a potential criminal to intentionally destroy evidence or mislead police. Danny said he was there to do some "paranormal stuff". He ghoulishly attempted to contact Nicola using a so-called ghost scanner, implying she was dead despite the fact that has never been stated by police and her family remain hopeful that she may yet be found. He said: "If something has happened to Nicola then maybe she can give us a sign of where she is." Danny then asks: "Nicola, do you have a message for us? Did you fall into the lake? Do you need help?" In another clip, he tries to get into a cobweb-covered building and a second with a "private land" sign. He said: "I've searched an abandoned house, around the perimeter, the bushes, the main roads, ponds, and people's back gardens at night with torches." Residents of the local village have already told of being constantly disturbed by tourists coming to the area to see where Ms Bulley vanished. Danny has 205,000 YouTube subscribers. His videos are monetised, meaning he can run adverts on them and receive payment based on how many people watch them. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley 'abandoned house' theory trashed by friend [REVEAL]  At the end of the videos, which have accumulated over 35,000 views between them, he encourages his viewers to comment, subscribe, and "smash the hell out of the 'like' button". Several have commented urging Danny to stop, with one saying: "You could be hampering evidence. No one knows where she is and you're using a spirit box assuming she's dead. Leave it to the professionals. You're sick for going into buildings looking for missing people without knowledge." Another added that it was only "making it worse," while a third said he had only "travelled there for content." However, many commenters supported him, thanking him for searching and praising his "amazing work". Friend of Ms Bulley, Heather Gibbon, said earlier this week: "Multiple police units are out in St Michaels dealing with people trespassing. We are at the point where people coming to 'help' look for Nikki in this way is actually doing the complete opposite.  DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley's friends launching new campaign for information [REVEAL]Seven questions still unanswered in Nicola Bulley disappearance [INSIGHT] Witness tells Nicola Bulley police of 'suspicious' van in area [ANALYSIS]  "You're taking police time and resources away from the investigation and you're letting speculation take away from the actual facts. We are at the point where this type of 'help' is making people who live in St Michaels feel unsafe. Please don't let this continue to happen." The area's parish council chairman Giles Phillips added that people were treating it like a "spectator sport". Supt Sally Riley said: "We will not tolerate online abuse of anyone, including innocent witnesses, members of the family and friends, of local businesses, or of criminal damage or burglary. We will be taking a strong line on that, as you would expect. "There are some properties along the riverside which are empty or derelict. Whilst it may be well intentioned that people think that that could be a line of inquiry, I would ask them to desist from doing that. "In some cases it may be criminal if they are breaking in and causing damage or committing a burglary. It is not helpful if people, particularly if they come from outside the area, take it upon themselves to take the law into their own hands by trying to, for example, break into empty property."