Sam Smith, 30, was reportedly arguing backstage moments before they took to the stage at the 2023 BRITs after their £500k set malfunctioned, causing a delay to the live show. The performer was clad in leather and PVC, as they entertained the audience with their wild antics, but things didn't go as smoothly backstage, resulting in Sam "leaving early". Sam, who is non-binary and uses gender neutral pronouns, took to the stage on Saturday night alongside Kim Petras to perform their hit Unholy at the BRITs. Despite the performance being praised by viewers, rumours have since circulated of Sam's "quick exit" due to the "nightmare" behind the scenes with the set. A source told the Sun: "[Their] performance might have appeared seamless but behind-the-scenes it was a nightmare." They went on to claim that Stormzy's performance was moved to earlier in the show in order to try and fix the error, with the possibility of Sam's whole performance being scrapped. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits The source continued: "[They] were understandably furious and it was pretty tense backstage." It's believed the technical issue was due to the cars used on stage not bouncing to the music. Another source added: "What should have been a huge night for Sam ended up being pretty stressful and they made a quick exit from the ceremony and didn't bother going to celebrate at any of the label parties." Express.co.uk have contacted Sam Smith's representatives and the BRIT Awards for comment. Sam was sure to turn heads while performing their hit, after wowing on the red carpet in an inflatable black latex jumpsuit. The performance also saw two backing dancers locking lips on top of a car. This comes a week after Sam and fellow singer Kim were met with criticism for their "satanic" Grammys performance. Sam was seen wearing satanic headgear for the performance, with many social media users sharing their frustrations on Twitter. DON'T MISS... Rihanna confirms pregnancy just nine months after son's birth [INSIGHT] Heidi Klum parties the night away in hot pants before posing in towel [PICS] Oscar-winning Chariots of Fire director Hugh Hudson dies [DEATH] Ben_kew said: "I know we on the right probably use the word satanic too often but this performance from Sam Smith is literally a tribute to Satan." Mari_SoEclectic added: "What in the satanic devil worship is this @samsmith performance? #GRAMMYs." Nasheeed_black commented: "Okay but can we all agree that Sam Smith's performance was demonic #GRAMMYs #SamSmith." After the performance, host Trevor Noah immediately quipped about the fact that satanic themes would outrage some viewers. Pretending to ring his mother, he said: "No, mom, it wasn’t the actual devil... Yeah, you did warn me about Hollywood." Earlier in the night, Petras made history as the first transgender woman to win the Grammy for Best Pop/Group performance. Sam chose to let Petras accept the award in honour of the fact she made history with her win. She began: "I’m the first transgender woman to win this award. "I want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me who kicked these doors open." She continued: "SOPHIE especially, my friend who passed away two years ago who told me this would happen and always believed in me. "Thank you so much for your inspiration, SOPHIE. I adore you and your inspiration will always be in my music." She continued to also thank Madonna "for fighting for LGBTQ rights" and then turned her attention to her own mother. The pair beat out other nominees to win the gong, including ABBA for their single, Don’t Shut Me Down, and Camila Cabello and Ed Sheeran for their collaboration, Bam Bam, Coldplay and BTS for their track, My Universe, and Post Malone and Doja Cat for their collaboration, I Like You (A Happier Song).