Ugo Humbert was forced to retire in tears after a horror fall at one of his home tournaments in Montpellier. The wildcard had raced to take the first set 6-1 against Alejandro Davidovich Fokina before being dragged into a second set tiebreak where he fell at the side of the court and needed medical attention. After losing the set he forfeited the match injured. Humbert was mid-way through his second set tiebreak against world No 32 Davidovich Fokina when he suffered a dramatic fall at the back of the court. The Spaniard was already 4-1 up in the tiebreak when the Frenchman chased down a ball before falling when he ran for the ball a second time, while his opponent rushed over to make sure he was alright. The wildcard needed immediate treatment after going down on the court and opted to continue despite appearing distressed from the injury he picked up from the fall. Humbert managed to win just one more point before losing tie tiebreak 7-2 and opted to retire from the match, shaking Davidovich Fokina's hand. Humbert was in tears as he exited the court in front of the French fans, leaving question marks over whether the injury will stop him playing in the coming weeks. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz claims key weapon doesn't work on Djokovic and Nadal  The former world No 25 came into Montpellier fresh off the back of helping France clinch victory in their Davis Cup qualifier tie against Hungary. Humbert won both his matches against Marton Fucsovics and Fabian Marozsan on Hungarian soil to help put his country in September's knockout stage. Humbert looked to be cruising to his third-successive win after taking the first set 6-1 over Davidovich Fokina but the 23-year-old bounced back and got an early break in the second. The French wildcard was able to break back with the fifth seed serving for the set and force a tiebreak. But he appeared to fall over his own leg and rolled onto the floor at 1-4 down, partly crashing into the advertising boards on the side of the court. DON'T MISSRybakina takes aim at coach critics with 'stay in their place' commentEmma Raducanu's agent claims Swiatek won't chase brand deals like BritWimbledon champion Elena Rybakina makes candid admission over 'luck'  With Humbert's retirement, Davidovich Fokina has advanced to the second round and will now face another Frenchman in world No 70 Quentin Halys. Messages of support have already started coming in for the 24-year-old, with the French Tennis Federation tweeting: "Ugo Humbert is unfortunately forced to give up in the 1st round in Montpellier after a big fall in the tie break of the second set. We wish you to come back soon Ugo." Meanwhile, former pro Rennae Stubbs praised the fifth seed for his sportsmanship, writing: "Fokina was straight over to him to calm him, great sportsmanship and concern from DF."