Manchester United's prospective new owner Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamid Al-Thani could be forced to stick to a limited transfer budget if he is successful in taking control of the club, according to reports. The Qatari has confirmed his public bid for the Premier League club, but fans excited about the prospect of an influx of transfers may need to temper their expectations. Al-Thani has appointed the Bank of America as an advisor as Qatar look to buy Manchester United after lodging a £4.5billion takeover bid. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club and with a huge offer on the table, the American family must now decide whether to accept or reject it. ESPN report that Al Thani is ready to invest in the squad 'as soon as possible' if he is successful in acquiring the club from the Glazer family. But it is also understood that Financial Fair Play regulations could lead to a more 'restrained' approach taken in the transfer market. Uncertainty over the club's revenue, linked to missing out on Champions League qualification and struggling to raise funds through player sales, has caused United chiefs to be more cautious over keeping in line with FFP. Man Utd takeover LIVE - Glazers contact Qatar as Raine set timeline  United spent more than £200 million to bolster Erik ten Hag's squad last summer after bringing in Antony, Casemiro and Lisandro Martinez. But the club were more stringent in January, with Ten Hag only able to bring in reinforcements on loan after the signings of Wout Weghorst, Marcel Sabitzer and Jack Butland. It was confirmed on Friday by his Nine Two foundation that Al-Thani was in the running to buy United, with INEOS CEO Sir Jim Ratcliffe and two other bidders also submitting their offers before last Friday's deadline. “Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad al-Thani today confirmed his submission of a bid for 100 per cent of Manchester United," the statement read. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and – above all – will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United once more." DON'T MISSMan Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandMan Utd owners the Glazers almost gave £106m parting gift to Ten HagMan Utd staff members' view on being kept in the dark by Glazers  But it remains to be seen how easy it will be for Al-Thani to achieve those goals with a restricted transfer fund available for Erik ten Hag to strengthen his squad. The club have set their sights on targets such as Victor Osimhen this summer, but with limited cash to spend, Ten Hag may have to stick with the squad he has. Chelsea have spent £600m since American billionaire Todd Boehly completed his purchase of the club with Clearlake Capital, while even Arsenal and Tottenham have spent in excess of £200m in recent transfer windows. And it may take some time for United to be able to dip into the deep pockets of their prospective new owner. 