In doing so she described herself as "enjoying approval ratings that most leaders would give their right arm for" and "of winning eight successive years of elections and had no doubt she would win the next one if she stayed". Or Nicola is finished, but she wanted us to believe she wasn’t pushed. Her voice was soft as she told us how she has dedicated her life to politics since she was 16 and perhaps more importantly to the cause of independence. Her resignation speech was unapologetic and sought to paint a picture of a highly successful individual who put country before self. But I suspect a lot of her acolytes will not agree, nor will her enemies as the timing is fascinating. As she gave her carefully crafted emotional speech telling us she was a woman who has given her all, oh no wait, she could give more she says, but thinks it's better if she doesn’t. Could it be that I am finally in agreement with her? A plethora of Politicians from all parties immediately stepped forward to praise her as a formidable politician, a great debater and a big pair of shoes to follow. Today, we are told, is not a day for pointing out her shortcomings! Well sorry, but I have never been a fan of Nicola Sturgeon, I have never seen her really challenged in a debate and her style is to insult and belittle people whilst her answers to questions were always peppered with her perceived grievances and complaints. It was interesting listening to her describing the intensity and brutality of politics and its impact on her mental and physical health as part of the reason for her resignation. Those of us who have served time in politics may empathise with the comments but anyone who has had the misfortune of being on the receiving end of her tongue will know she is a master in brutality and takes pleasure in humiliating her victims. Yes, she is formidable because she takes great pleasure in playing the person and not the ball, she is the ultimate attack dog and is quite happy to attack without any facts in her possession. That approach has always worked for her because for most of her career she has been given the last word by the Parliamentary system or had tight control of media interviews. Ms Sturgeon’s press and spin teams have meanwhile been second to none in both action and size. Always on the front foot making the opposition parties look weak and ineffective (although this has often been an open goal). It is perhaps undeniable that her skill alongside her husband for building a Party and a movement in which she was the key person ruling with an iron fist, which she tried to hide in a silk glove, is second to none. A dictator in action if not in name but it is this very success that I believe is her biggest failure and possibly the reason she is jumping. In her cult approach to leadership Nicola Sturgeon has quashed the rise of a natural successor. After eight years as Leader of the SNP 69 percent of people asked today have no idea who should become the next Leader. This failure begs the question, is the SNP so lacking in talent that there is no obvious successor? Or has Nicola Sturgeon deliberately (or negligently) prevented anyone else from developing so that her power base was not challenged? The problem is when you are the face and the controller of everything alongside your husband it becomes very difficult to share the blame out, even when your memory is as poor as Ms Sturgeon’s when it comes to recalling facts! Can it really be that her decision to resign today has nothing to do with the increasing speculation that surrounds her actions and those of Peter Murrell (her husband and Chair of the SNP) as Police Scotland prepare to step up the questioning on the missing £600,000 ring fenced referendum funds? Recently she has looked tired, and her irritability has flared up. Suddenly Ms Sturgeon is no longer the self-assured, sure-footed politician we have been used to. So yes, acknowledge her strengths but let’s not mis-tell the reality of a woman whose legacy is a deeply divided Scotland and who still has questions to answer not only with regard to her Party’s funds and decision making, but also the state of Scotland’s finances as we still have no transparency on where Covid funds went. Whatever the outcome of the Police investigations it is possible that her biggest legacy will be the death of the Independence dream because after all her years in power and the delusional praise of the world she has failed to devise any strategy to achieve it.