Personal style is important when it comes to looking young - but your wardrobe isn't everything. Before you even think about what you're putting on your body, there are a few fundamentals to be very clear on. Here's how prioritising your teeth, hair, makeup and weight can take years off, according to an expert. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Melissa Lund, a personal stylist and image coach, about how older women can look instantly younger. As a personal stylist, Melissa knows all about fashion, what's in and what's out, what works and what doesn't. And there are plenty of style rules mature women should pay attention to if they want to shave years off their age. For example, women of a certain age should be "rethinking their darkest colour". READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  While you may have been able to pull off jet black in your 20s, this is not as easy in your 60s when the skin is paler and more translucent. Next, it's absolutely crucial that older women "stay relevant" and pay attention to trends, incorporating them into their own style when they can. But before getting dressed, it's important that mature women address the basics if they are on a search for more youthful looks. While the most fabulous wardrobes can do wonders, it's imperative to start with the basics of self-care and grooming. Melissa stressed the importance of looking after your teeth, particularly in older age. She said: "Looking after your teeth is crucial. After a certain age, teeth get darker so ask your dentist about whitening. You won't end up with glow-in-the-dark teeth - most of those are veneers. "You will have a lovely fresh smile which will definitely knock a few years off." The expert also suggested investing some time and money in hair and makeup. READ MORE: Ageing lipstick to ditch after your thirties or 'risk looking older'  Pulling off a fresh-faced, slicked-back hair look can be great in some circumstances. But it's also useful to perfect a hair and makeup routine that accentuates your best features. For those hoping to look younger, the expert instructed: "Keep up to date with hair and makeup. "Hair and skin change as we get older so get professional advice to look your best. "If you have long hair, you don't need to cut it but tweak the style if you need to." Melissa's final tip was for older women to prioritise their health and fitness for a gorgeous physique. She said: "It's really unfair but have you ever noticed how those people with coltish limbs just look younger than people without those attributes? "If you can maintain a reasonable weight it helps. Having said that I don't want to fat shame anyone." Melissa Lund is a personal stylist and image coach.