The Emir of Qatar’s uncle, Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani, is reportedly planning to bid for Manchester United on Friday. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club. And the Middle-Eastern nation, it seems, are frontrunners at the current moment in time. Manchester United have been ruled by the Glazers ever since 2005, despite fans regularly making it clear how much they despise the Americans. Yet their time as owners looks to be drawing to a close, having confirmed back in November they were open to a sale. Qatar have emerged as genuine suitors to buy United and, now, L’Equipe say Hamad is planning to bid for the Red Devils. He is the uncle of the Emir of Qatar, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. And the report says, if his bid to buy United succeeds, they’re primed to appoint a ‘deputy chairman’. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Hamas is a 63-year-old who was former Prime Minister of Watar and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He has helped develop Qatar on a global scale, playing a role in their hosting of the World Cup late last year. Hamas is also the old boss of Qatar Investment Authority, who are a group tipped to bid for United on Friday. The bid won’t actually go through them, however, with the report saying an unnamed ‘local foundation’ will bid for the club. Right now, all signs point to Qatar being the next owners of United one way or another. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But they’re not the only candidates interested in a takeover of the Red Devils, with several other names being mooted. Sir Jim Ratcliffe remains the only person to have publicly expressed interest in buying United. The British billionaire has long been a fan of the Red Devils and is believed to have a positive relationship with the Glazers behind the scenes. Ratcliffe previously missed out on buying Chelsea to Todd Boehly last year, having joined a consortium. Yet British businessman Martin Broughton has claimed the INEOS chairman is willing to pay a ‘big number’ to become United owner. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Jim wants it. He’s prepared to pay properly for it. My surmise would be he’s willing to come up with a big number,” he told The Independent. “Personally, I would guess he’d be at the 4-5 billion pounds ($4.8-6 billion) level. “Jim, in the Chelsea case, made it clear at the outset that he wasn’t going to be interested at that price, it was too much. “Wasn’t interested in discussing, joining in with other potential bidders and then made this very late bid.” And he added: “We didn’t see it as just a financial transaction. We saw it more as an opportunity for a greater level of fan involvement. Jim is a fan. “Somebody who is a fan, I think is preferable because they will think about what the fans want.” Broughton did, however, acknowledge Qatar were a serious threat. “They might feel a knockout price (would do it and say) ... We’ll give you 6 billion (pounds; $7.2 billion) as long as you sell it to us now and don’t carry on the auction,” he said. “A take it or leave, something like that could easily settle it.”