The bleak 10-part dystopian series on HBO has been keeping viewers across the globe riveted as they follow every twist and turn. The Last of Us has been adapted from the video game of the same name with programmer and co-president of the game’s Naughty Dog company serving as a producer alongside Craig Mazin. The show airs weekly rather than getting dropped as a boxset to be binged in one go. Episodes have been aired in a global simulcast with each instalment airing on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST. However, fans will be getting episode five - titled Endure and Survive - earlier than Sunday. HBO and HBO Max will be airing episode five on Friday, February 10 at 9pm EST. This means British viewers will be able to watch the new instalment from Saturday, February 11 at 2am GMT on Sky Atlantic and streaming platform NOW. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food You can either stay up to watch the episode or you can watch it on catch up once the simulcast has been completed as a time to suit you. HBO announced the news of an earlier time on (February 6) with a tweet. The post read: “Stream it early. The next episode of #TheLastOfUs premieres FRIDAY 2/10 at 9PM on @HBOMax.” Additionally, there was a teaser trailer for the forthcoming instalment to whet fans’ appetites. The Last of Us appears to be getting moved from its usual Sunday night slot due to the Super Bowl 2023. The annual sporting event will be on screens from 11.30pm on Sunday (February 12) with the Philadelphia Eagles take on the Kansas City Chiefs. The Last of Us is likely to move back to its Sunday night slot for episode six, which means fans could be in for an extra-long wait. Endure and Survive will pick up from the shocking cliffhanger fans were smacked with after Ellie (played by Bella Ramsey) and Joel (Pedro Pascal) held at gunpoint. Arch-villain and the leader of the revolutionary movement in Kanas City Kathleen (Melanie Lynskey) was still baying for Henry’s (Brandon Scott) blood. And this is something which will be explored further after getting teased this week. The preview then went on to show Kathleen demanding Henry’s location as he and his brother Sam (Keivonn Woodard) hiding behind a burned out car. Henry tries to reassure Sam as they try to keep safe with footage showing the siblings together. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT] There’s also a moment with Ellie and Sam, where the children seem to have a heart-to-heart. Viewers can expect another action-packed episode with the infected surfacing after Kansas City claimed to be free of the clickers and bloaters. Ellie will be thrown into fresh danger again - both from the infected and survivors alike. The Henry and Sam storyline seems to be deviating from the TV shows and viewers will have to see how this plays out. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm