While Zara was in Australia last month, she was seen in a short shirt dress that showed off her muscular legs - a beautiful floral garment which nevertheless caused controversy. Royal fans Zara was too old for such a dress and that it looked "odd". Australia's hot weather gave Zara the opportunity to dress in short, summer dresses, but she hasn't shied away from figure-flaunting dresses in the UK either. For the launch of her jewellery collection back in 2015, Zara wore a playful, above-the-knee Little Black Dress with a pair of high, cut-out heels. The outfit is just one example of Zara's penchant for short dresses, or playsuits. It seems that the royal, unlike other members of the Royal Family, often wears what she wants. Celebrity stylist and fashion expert Miranda Holder stressed that this may very well be true. "According to Zara’s stylist Laura Green, Zara is very confident in her own style and I think this shines through in terms of what she wears," she told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future "Zara takes a no-nonsense approach to fashion and simply wears what she likes and feels good in. "Her inner confidence shines though which helps her outfits to look great even when they aren’t necessarily the most flattering. "On paper, Zara has had as many fashion hits as she has had misses - recently she has taken a leaf or two out of Kate Middleton’s style book, stepping out in looks which are significantly more elegant and refined which look great. "However, you do get the sense that if Zara wishes to wear it, whether it fits in with royal fashion etiquette or not, she will absolutely wear it - without giving two hoots about what the rest of the world thinks." DON'T MISS:Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [EXCLUSIVE]A review of Leonardslee House and Restaurant Interlude [COMMENT]Expert shares humane deterrents to keep squirrels out of your garden [GUIDE]  Even for her pre-wedding party back in July 2011, Zara's look was playful, bold and daring instead of traditional, classy and sophisticated. The royal wore a one-shoulder, short wrap dress in white and blue. The dress exposed her thighs and she paired it with chunky, high heels. She seemed to have encouraged other royals to take her lead as even Kate Middleton was seen in an above-the-knee dress in bright green. Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice also wore short dresses for the occasion. Miranda went on to mention a dress Zara wore more recently, which was also thigh-skimming. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future It was a pale blue dress with a tiered skirt and wide, billowing sleeves. Miranda said: "The pale blue dress she wore to the winery visit in my opinion one of her better looks. "Yes, the skirt is a little short for a royal, and Kate would absolutely not be caught dead wearing anything as revealing now that she has become Princess of Wales, but Zara generally comes under less scrutiny and has a fabulous shapely pair of legs, so why not get them out and enjoy them?" The blue mini dress was called the "Lalor Mini Dress in Blue" by Australian brand Acler, costing £203. Interestingly, royal fans again thought this dress was too short for Zara, with Instagram user @clairekl2 saying: “I agree Zara has great legs, but I still think this dress is slightly too short!” User @myriamoliverbieytes added: “The dress makes Zara look shorter.” Zara may have been scrutinised in the past for the length of her hemlines, but, according to Elizabeth Holmes, royal fashion expert and author of HRH: So Many Thoughts on Royal Style, there is no real reason why she should be as the so-called fashion rules royals must follow are "myths". “There’s this expectation on how they look with this need to be stylish but sensible, fancy but frugal. It’s a very fine line that they are walking,” Elizabeth told Insider in an interview. In her book, the author added that while there are some royal style protocols, most of them are just part of a “broader cultural insistence on sophisticated modesty, an expectation that they be composed and presentable at all times”.