Tara Taylor has been enjoying a new lease of life since she starred in the second season of TLC’s popular reality series. Thanks to the help of Dr Younan Nowzaradan aka Dr Now, she managed to cut her weight almost in half, and has been keeping My 600lb Life fans updated on her progress with her latest Facebook posts. The season two participant looks completely different after dropping over 250lbs. Tara began her journey weighing 606 lbs when she first signed up for the show’s 2014 season. She developed an eating disorder and had struggled with her weight since childhood. Her obesity led to severe joint pain and breathing problems, and she also admitted looking after her children had become a struggle. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ Thankfully, she eventually qualified for gastric bypass surgery and managed to lose 278 lbs in less than a year. She has since adopted a much healthier diet and lifestyle and appears to have kept it up per her latest Facebook updates. In a confessional interview during the show, Tara admitted she thought “food was the enemy”. “When you have children, you don’t think about yourself,” she explained. “They say, ‘Mum, mum, I’m hungry’, and you go, ‘What do you want?’” Tara burst into tears when her trainer assured her “you matter”, prompting her to promise to change her lifestyle. Dr Now’s healthy living regime managed to fix her mindset, and she gradually developed a healthier approach to food and exercise. Her newest photos feature Tara looking much slimmer compared to her time on the TLC reality series. DON'T MISS:Squid Game reality show faces health and safety review [LATEST]Chicago Fire star lands Netflix role opposite Marvel hero [NEWS]The Flash boss shares real reason for Danielle Panabaker return [INSIGHT] Before seeking help from the series at the age of 35, she also admitted to having no social life. “I have never in my life been on a traditional date,” she revealed during her episode. However, things changed for Tara when she started to gain confidence after the surgery, and she was even engaged for a period. She reportedly began dating her son’s barber Eugene Perkins in 2015, according to the Daily Mail. They had known each other for 14 years and Tara thought of Eugene as a “good man”. The couple got engaged in 2019, but unfortunately she discovered her fiance using a dating app to meet other women and broke it off. According to her latest social media posts, Tara is still single and seeking love, although her family and children come first. “You got to understand some things are meant to happen, but just not meant to be. Some things are meant to come in your life, just not meant to stay,” she said in a recent post. Tara was still under contract with TLC as of 2021, so there could be a chance fans will get to check in on her in an upcoming episode of Where Are They Now? My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.