Chris Brown, 33, sent his best wishes to his ex-girlfriend Rihanna, 36, after she took to the stage for a stellar performance at the Super Bowl half-time show. During the show, Rihanna also announced she is expecting her second baby with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 34.  Rihanna and Chris are known to have had a difficult past, including episodes of domestic violence from the With You singer. Chris posted a story on his Instagram - simply writing "Go girl" with a red heart and prayer emoji - as Rihanna began performing her set. The pair first dated in 2007 until they split in 2009 when Chris physically assaulted Rihanna on their way home from a pre-Grammys party. In 2017, Chris released a documentary where he called himself a "monster" after he admitted to beating Rihanna during their relationship. In his Chris Brown: Welcome To My Life documentary, he also spoke about their difficult past. READ MORE: Ulrika Jonsson slams DiCaprio’s ‘sickening fling’ with 19-year-old Chris had admitted to being unfaithful with a work friend, after which he claimed Rihanna found out and “starts going off”. “She throws the phone, ‘I hate you!’, whatever, whatever, she starts hitting me, we’re in a little Lamborghini, you know she’s fighting me,” Chris claimed. “Like I remember she tried to kick me, just like her beating s**t, but then I really hit her. “With a closed fist, like I punched her, and it busted her lip, and when I saw it I was in shock, I was ‘f**k, why did I hit her like that?' “So from there she’s…spitting blood in my face, it raised me even more. It’s a real fight in the car, and we're driving in the street.” The rapper then alleged Rihanna grabbed his crotch while she was trying to get his phone off him. In retaliation, he bit her “because I was trying to drive”. “I’m just trying to resolve the situation, I’m not trying to fight any further like I love her, I don’t want to hurt my girlfriend.” DONT MISS:Liz Hurley struggles to contain assets in plunging white bikini (PHOTOS)Vanessa Feltz, 60, ‘learned ex-fiancé cheated' on Christmas Day (NEWS)Rod Stewart won't perform at King's coronation as wife works the event (LATEST) According to Chris, Rihanna got out of the car and started to scream: “Help, he’s trying to kill me!”. “I was like, ‘Stop, we gonna get in trouble’,” he added. He was sentenced to five years probation, one year of domestic violence counselling, and six months of community service. The pair briefly reunited in 2013 The Love the Way You Lie singer told Rolling Stone at the time, “I decided it was more important for me to be happy. … Even if it’s a mistake, it’s my mistake.”   Chris has shown his support for Rihanna in the past, when she announced she was pregnant with her first child with A$AP Rocky, he took to social media. After she gave birth in 2022, he wrote "Congratulations," with a pregnant woman emoji, as well as the same prayer hands and red heart. This comes as a representative for the award-winning singer has confirmed that she is pregnant with her second child with the rapper, after debuting her baby bump at the Super Bowl. 