Real Madrid saw their hopes of retaining the La Liga title dented after a 1-0 defeat to Mallorca on Saturday. A Nacho own-goal gave the home side a shock win, increasing the pressure on Carlo Ancelotti in the process. And with Florentino Perez notorious for pulling the trigger, a departure at the end of the season can’t be ruled out. Ancelotti returned to Real Madrid back in the summer of 2021, six years after he’d lost his job at the Bernabeu. And he worked wonders during his first year back at the club, guiding Los Blancos to a La Liga and Champions League double. Ancelotti has found life tougher at Real this term, however. Should Barcelona beat Sevilla at the Nou Camp on Saturday night, the Catalan giants will be eight points clear at the top of the table. Real have already lost to their fierce rivals in the Spanish Super Cup and they’re also due to lock horns in the Copa del Rey, with Barcelona now favourites. The defending Champions League winners also face a battle to hold onto their European crown, with Liverpool next up. Although the Reds are stuck in a rut, they’re capable of beating Real when everybody is fully fit and firing. At any other club, Ancelotti would be safe regardless of what happens. But with Real now in a mini-crisis, and in the middle of a campaign resembling the Italian’s final season the first time around, Express Sport now takes a look at four managers Perez may choose to pursue if he decides to wield the axe. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Perez has long been an admirer of Mauricio Pochettino. And it’s easy to see why, with the Argentine faring well at Espanyol, Southampton, Tottenham and Paris Saint-Germain during his managerial career. Perez actually considered Pochettino back in 2021, only to settle on Ancelotti instead given the former was manager of PSG at the time. Given the 50-year-old is available after his departure from Parc des Princes, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see Pochettino pursued in the event of any Ancelotti departure. Whether he’s deemed tainted after his failure to win the Champions League at PSG, however, remains to be seen. Never say never. Jose Mourinho was typically combative during his time at Real Madrid, often clashing with heavyweights such as Iker Casillas, Sergio Ramos and Cristiano Ronaldo. But he was still successful and won the respect of Perez, with the pair having a positive relationship. Lines of dialogue have remained open between the pair over the years and Mourinho is, according to reports, eyeing an exit from Roma should the right offer arrive. He seems to be a man out of time these days but Real have never had a problem with turning to old bosses of the past. Just like with candidate number three… There seems to be a consensus that Zinedine Zidane will end up at Juventus sooner, rather than later. But can a third stint at Real really be ruled out? The Frenchman left in 2021 after believing the club had broken certain transfer promises made to him during his second spell in the dugout. Yet Zidane has remained out of work ever since and if Real relented, and gave him funds to boost the squad, it’s not impossible that he’d say no. We mark this down as unlikely but stranger things in football have certainly happened… Right now, there’s nothing to suggest Jurgen Klopp will leave Liverpool - despite the shambolic season they’re enduring so far. But there’s still a possibility that, come the end of the season, the German will choose to walk away. Klopp has long achieved over the odds at Liverpool and, with the Reds needing a massive rebuild, this summer could represent a wise time to call it quits. He owes nobody anything at Anfield and with the club’s future up in the air, at a time where they’re up for sale, a departure can’t be ruled out. Klopp would bring energy and enthusiasm to Real and, with the La Liga giants’ resources, would likely be able to spend far more than on Merseyside.