Jake Paul and Tommy Fury have come to blows as the build-up to their eagerly-anticipated showdown continues in Saudi Arabia. The fierce rivals will finally face off on Sunday night, with the eyes of the boxing world on the showdown between stars of YouTube and Love Island Both men are unbeaten in their boxing careers and believe they will secure victories. And on Saturday the two fighters faced off as they completed their pre-fight weigh-ins. After taking to the scales, Fury got in Paul's face and appeared to shove him before shouting "it's over." Paul was evidently not impressed and had some insults of his own before security were forced to intervene to ensure tensions didn't spill over. The pair have been bitter rivals for 18 months and have had two failed fights due to Fury pulling out firstly with an injured rib and then being refused a visa to enter America. However, they are finally set to settle their differences going toe-to-toe at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. The eagerly anticipated fight is set to attract a huge audience with a pay-per-view price set at £19.95. READ MORE: Tommy Fury 'could sink 10 pints and beat Jake Paul' claims Tyson Fury in savage dig  YouTube star Paul, who has yet to fight a career boxer, is considered the underdog for the contest. However, the American offered his British rival an all or nothing wager on the fight. Fury is set to double his reported £2.5million purse if he manages to get the victory, but Paul will take it all if he wins. Fury, aged 23, has a professional boxing record of 8-0 with four of his wins coming by way of knockout. Meanwhile, Paul turned professional three years ago and has won six fights against social media stars and MMA fighters.  DON'T MISS: Fury's sparring partner Jimmy Kelly has tipped the Brit to ‘murder’ his fierce rival after 18 months of arguing between the social media stars. Heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury is also confident that his step-brother will triumph against Paul even if his sibling drank 10 pints of beer beforehand. Tommy told BT Sport: "I had a chat with Tyson a few weeks ago and he said to me on the phone, 'There is no way this guy can live with you.' And he's seen me box in the gym. He's seen my fights, everything. He said, 'I'm the heavyweight champion of the world. What I don't know about boxing isn't worth knowing. This guy can't live with you.'" 