Putin is tipped to be 'readying' a catastrophic nuke missile launch in a bid to send a warning to the West. The Russian president is said to have ordered that the launch be timed to coincide with the upcoming, massive offensive that Russia will be conducting with hundreds of thousands of soldiers. There are reports that an attack on Ukraine is ready to be launched by the Russian military, which comprises of thousands of tanks, armoured cars, and attack helicopters.  The Kremlin is reportedly assembling 810 rocket launchers and 2,700 artillery pieces for a fresh round of attacks, according to Foreign Policy. A Satan-2 missile is estimated to be 116 feet, capable of carrying 15 nuclear warheads simultaneously. Its reach is capable of destroying the United Kingdom within six minutes, even from a distance of 1,600 miles. With a range that extends to 11,180 miles, the missile is considered unmatched in its destructive potential compared to Western counterparts. Despite this, it is believed that the launch will only be a test, as there have been delays in the development and deployment of this fearsome weapon under Putin's leadership.  A warning has been issued by the Russian government regarding a potential test launch of a nuclear-capable strategic missile between February 15th and 25th. The test launch is expected to take place at the Kura test range, and local officials in remote areas of Kamchatka have been advised to be prepared. Three districts on the Kamchatka peninsula, including Tigilsky, Karaginsky, and Ust-Kamchatsky, have been designated as "risk zones" where missile debris could potentially land and travel restrictions are in place for locals. The military is conducting "experimental and testing operations" in these areas, which are larger in size than England. According to the Telegram channel MilitaryRussia, Putin may also test-launch a Bulava or Yars missile. It comes as Volodymyr Zelensky, the President of Ukraine, completed a tour of Europe to visit his key allies, returning home with a significant amount of support, promises of further military assistance, and France's most prestigious medal of honor. The European Union's 27 leaders gathered in Brussels to show their unwavering support for Ukraine as Russia is suspected to be preparing for a new offensive on the one-year anniversary of the war on February 24th. Accompanied by French President Emmanuel Macron, who awarded him the Grand Cross of France's Legion of Honor, Zelensky has looked to ensure that Europe remains committed to supporting Ukraine. The need for Russia not to win the war is pressing, especially as a US-based think tank has reported that Russian forces have taken the initiative in Ukraine and started a new major offensive in the Luhansk region. DON'T MISS Zelensky fights back tears as he makes impassioned plea to EU leaders [INSIGHT]Roger Waters condemned after Pink Floyd star blames ‘provocateurs’ [ANALYSIS]Russians fighting for Ukraine vow to topple Putin [INSIGHT] President Zelensky arrived to the European Parliament to rapturous applause, cheering and hoots from legislators, insisting in his plenary speech that Ukraine's fight against Russia was one fought for the freedom of Europe as a whole. "A Ukraine that is winning is going to be member of the European Union," Zelensky said to applause, building his address around the common destiny that Ukraine and the 27-nation bloc face in confronting Russia head-on. "Europe will always be, and remain Europe as long as we ... take care of the European way of life," he said. He added that Russia wants to destroy the European way of life, but "we will not allow that."