After months of deliberations and delays, the Government have outlined the intentions behind introducing the White Paper on football, which could change the future of the Premier League and the English Football League pyramid for years to come. The fan-led review, completed by former sports minister Tracey Couch MP, was backed by the Government last year in response to calls to protect the future English football. The football governance White Paper is set to adopt many of the key recommendations from Crouch's review, with the setup of an independent regulator seen as crucial to introducing tighter controls on the 92 clubs from the Premier League and EFL. The Paper is expected to begin the legislative process to bring in a host of radical changes to the way football is run, with a new independent regulator for football the main highlight. The plans have received backing from the prime minister Rishi Sunak, who believes the "bold new plans" will "put fans back at the heart of football". So, what can fans expect from the White Paper - and how is it viewed from the institutions that already govern the British game? Express Sport gives you the lowdown on everything you need to know. Football news LIVE - Ferguson wants Man Utd role, Pochettino approach In a nutshell, the new independent football regulator is being assembled to ensure the safety of historic football institutions after recent financial collapses of clubs. The demise of Bury and Macclesfield Town have been used of examples where a regulator would have been necessary to ensure clubs are protected and made to be more sustainable. With the new independent football regulator coming in, new owners will be subjected to stricter protocols on their suitability and reliability with a new owners' and directors test. A focus on the fitness and propriety of new owners and enhanced due diligence means this will be tougher than the current system in place. Issues that concern the distribution of money from the Premier League down to EFL clubs and potential breakaway leagues will also be under its remit. The 12 clubs that attempted to form a breakaway European Super League in April 2021 - including the Premier League's Big Six of Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Tottenham - would be prevented from joining new competitions under the new regulator. The only circumstances which would enable such a move would have to come from pre-determined criteria, and that includes consultation with the FA and fans. That means clubs will no longer be able to plot a secret move away from the Premier League or UEFA competition, as it stands. At domestic level, the regulator will act as an arbitrator in discussions between the Premier League, FA and EFL over the distribution of finances if an agreement cannot be reached. The EFL have been clear that there must be a "financial reset" instigated by the White Paper, with chairman Rick Parry aiming to secure a share of broadcast revenues, merit-based payments and the scrapping of parachute payments. While the Football Association have "welcomed" the changes, the Premier League are refusing to budge from sitting on the fence. The Premier League have recognised the significance of the White Paper but have been cautious not to offer its backing until it has considered all aspects of the changes, given the tighter controls and financial demands that will be introduced to affect the top 20 clubs. A Premier League statement read: "The publication of this White Paper is a significant moment for English football. The Premier League and its clubs will now carefully consider the government's plan for England to become the first major nation to make football a government-regulated industry. "The Premier League, alongside the rest of English football, is a global success. We fully recognise that the passionate support of millions of football supporters is fundamental to our competition. We are proud that our success has been consistently shared for the benefit of the wider game, and of our clubs, who have a positive impact every day in their local communities. "The Premier League recognises the case for change in football governance and continues to implement stronger and more independent regulation. We are strengthening our ownership rules and are already providing £1.6bn in financial support to the wider game in this current three-year cycle. "We appreciate the government's commitment to protect the Premier League's continued success. It is vital that regulation does not damage the game fans love to watch in the deepest professional pyramid in the world, or its ability to attract investment and grow interest in our game." The regulator will give fans a more influential role to play in decisions that concern their club and with a recommendation for a "shadow board" to be created, fan representatives will have a voice to oppose changes made going forward. In addition to more influence from supporters at a higher level, decisions such as badge changes, team names and stadium relocations will be put under scrutiny. A recent example of this relates to how Cardiff City owner Vincent Tan wanted the team to change their colours from blue to red, something that was strongly opposed by the fans. The review also recommended consultation on a pilot scheme trialled at selected League Two and National League clubs where alcohol was sold at the sight of the pitch. However, this has caused a stir at government level with the the UK's football policing lead, chief constable Mark Roberts, strongly opposed to the idea. The government sees this as a "complex issue" and it remains to be seen whether English clubs will follow the lead of German and Dutch clubs, where alcohol rules are more relaxed.