Few people could have held back a tear at the sight of a newborn baby girl being rescued from a collapsed building, still attached to her dead mother by the umbilical cord. What should have been a night of celebration for her family turned into one of tragedy – yet also of hope. Admiration, too, is due to the rescuers working in dangerous conditions, amid aftershocks, to save whoever they can.   There is a short window of opportunity to save lives, but it is one that is rapidly closing – although there have been past stories of trapped people surviving for a week or more. In 1995, a man was found alive an incredible 16 days after being trapped in a collapsed building in South Korea. We can’t all scrabble through the rubble in Turkey and northern Syria, but we are not beyond helping people, either. As always, the British public has shown its generosity by donating to the charities who are working in the region. We are fortunate to have an organisation, the Disasters Emergency Committee, which coordinates fundraising for a number of different charities. But this latest quake also reignites the debate on international aid: what is it for, and how generous should it be? As chancellor, Rishi Sunak, came under a lot of criticism for cutting the international aid budget. In 2015, the then prime minister David Cameron made a legal commitment for the UK to spend at least 0.7 per cent of Gross National Income (GNI) on international aid. Yet come the pandemic and the huge pressures on the government finances that followed, that was cut to 0.5 per cent. There is no reason, however, why the reduced target should detract from British efforts to help save and rebuild lives in Turkey and Syria. Indeed, within hours, Britain had dispatched 76 search and rescue experts, with trained dogs.   When we hear of “international aid”, I suspect it is exactly this kind of disaster relief most of us picture. Yet “humanitarian aid”, as it is officially known, has long made up a small proportion of aid spending – it accounted for just £743million of the total £11.4billion spent in 2021. The Government also spent £970million on medical programmes and £1.05billion helping refugees. But the bulk goes on long-term development. The trouble with setting a hard target for aid spending – especially with setting it into law – is that it encouragesministers to think of spending as a good in itself. That is a surefire way to ensure money is wasted, as it has been in the past on questionable projects such as creating an Ethiopian Spice Girls to empower women, or to pay tribal “rain-makers” to agree a “consensus” weather forecast with Kenya’s Met Office. In 2021, we spent £50million of aid money in China – a country still merrily building coal-fired power stations – on medical and climate change projects. Much of our aid budget is given willy-nilly to global bodies such as the World Bank and the UN – the latter of which last month accused Britain of “structural, institutional and systemic” racism.   Its inspectors wouldn’t have dared set foot in China to make a similar claim – in spite of China’s human rights abuses of its Uighur Muslim minority. We can all argue, too, about £5million spent in Serbia or £3million in Moldova on “good governance”, including advice on managing public finances. A government with debts so large it will spend £100billion this year on interest alone has little useful to offer, one might think. Yet on one thing we can surely all agree: disaster relief such as that following the Turkey and Syria earthquake is worth every penny spent on it – and more. It isn’t just the immediate salvage operation – those caught up in the disaster will need months of help. Food, shelter and medical supplies are all urgent priorities. In the longer term, we could offer help, too, on how to construct and regulate buildings to make them quake-resilient. Had higher standards been in operation, many of these buildings would not have collapsed. Britain has always been a generous country, and the reduction of the aid budget from 0.7 to 0.5 per cent of GNI does not change that. On the contrary, if we can better target international aid it will earn greater public support – as well as do more good. 