Jake Paul and Tommy Fury have shaken hands on an all-or-nothing bet ahead of their grudge fight in Saudi Arabia. Youtuber-turned-prizefighter Paul and former Love Island star Fury will settle their long-running bitter feud with an eight-round duel in the desert on Sunday.  ‘The Problem Child’ Paul has added another layer of intrigue to the highly-anticipated showdown with a bombshell offer to Fury during an intense press conference in the build-up to the fight. Paul has promised to double Fury’s prize money if he wins, but the half-brother of WBC champion Tyson would be stripped of his entire purse if he suffers the first defeat of his professional boxing career. The stakes are high for the PPV main event, but in truth, both Paul and Fury have likely profited hugely from the mass public interest in a fight that has been two years in the making. Paul has joked that Fury’s partner Molly-Mae Hague was “tired of being the breadwinner” as he fired pre-fight shots at Fury, who recently welcomed his first child Bambi with the leading influencer.   "This is his biggest payday and he's going to be actually able to support his family a little bit if he gets a good wealth manager and invests his money properly,” Paul said. "But Molly was probably like, 'Yeah , bro. I'm tired of being the breadwinner in this relationship.'" But social media stars Paul and Fury will both be cheered on by girlfriends who boast huge net worths ahead of their own big-money fight. Fury’s partner Molly-Mae is said to be one of the richest contestants to ever emerge from Love Island. Molly-Mae met Fury in the villa of the popular ITV dating show and her wealth has skyrocketed as she continues to build her social media following three years after starring on the programme. MORE BOXING NEWS...Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rivalHaye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activityBenn cleared as enquiry finds 'eggs' responsible for failed tests  She boasts 7.2 million followers on Instagram and has used her huge platform to rake in huge sums from various projects and successful business ventures. The creative director of fashion brand Pretty Little Thing, Molly-Mae is also able to charge over £10,000 per Instagram post. And Molly-Mae is now said to be worth up to a whopping £6million due to her earnings from her thriving business portfolio. Paul, meanwhile, has been with his own partner Julia Rose for three years. Rose, a model, has also amassed a huge social media following and has gained huge notoriety in the online world. She cannot compete in the net worth stakes with Fury’s partner Molly-Mae, but is still reported to be worth a cool £2.5m. Both Julia Rose and Molly-Mae will be desperate for their partners to avoid the ignominy of defeat in their hyped-up headline contest on Sunday. 