Prince Harry, 38, and Meghan Markle, 41, made global headlines following the release of their bombshell Netflix series, where they shared their complex journey in their own words, from courtship to their exit from royal life. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have also released their follow-up Netflix series, Live to Lead. Inspired by Nelson Mandela and produced by the Sussexes' they shed a light on seven leaders who’ve dedicated their lives to social justice, from New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern - who has since stepped down from her role - to the late Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Former Apprentice star, Ryan-Mark Parsons, has suggested that Harry and Meghan are looking to be "big media types" in an attempt to build a broadcasting career. "They're doing this Netflix series by Nelson Mandela. I saw the trailer for it," Ryan-Mark commented. "I think clearly that's their trajectory for what they want to be doing in the future." READ MORE: Stacey Solomon's Sort Your Life Out accused of animal cruelty He added: "They want to be broadcasters, big media types, pushing this kind of content on Netflix. I think that's what they want to be doing." The Sussexes' media company Archewell Productions, makes various programmes for Netflix - an arrangement thought to be worth millions of dollars.  The couple's Archewell brand also makes podcasts for Spotify.  The couple were interviewed by US presenter Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, but said they were not paid for their appearance. Harry also released his memoir, Spare, which hit shelves on January 10 where he talked about his grief over the death of his mother, Princess Diana, and says he and William urged their father not to marry Camilla, the Queen Consort. It has not yet been confirmed if Harry and Meghan will attend the King's Coronation that will be held on May 6. Addressing if they should attend the event, Ryan-Mark explained: "No, mainly because on a practicality side I think the scrutiny would be so intense for Harry and Meghan it would draw away the focus being on Charles and the Coronation. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden suffers wardrobe mishap and boasts 'not bad for my age'[LATEST]Amanda Holden breaks silence on 'feud' with BGT's Bruno Tonioli[TV]Fern Britton's ex Phil Vickery gets cryptic in surprising tweet[TWITTER] "I think it would also ruin the magic of the coronation in the sense that it is bringing the country together again and I even felt for the Queen's Jubilee. "Everyone was brought together, I was at a street party in Notting Hill, it was so happy. Music was playing and everyone was laughing. It was so great to see. I think that it would be a similar experience for the coronation." He continued: "I think Harry and Meghan - their presence in the UK - at that time would just politicise everything. It's not like I don't want to see them there. I think they should be there. "If they are making up and there is an apology on both sides, some sort of reciprocated understanding of what's happened, if they're working towards solving these issues then maybe it's a good idea. "As it stands, based on everything that's come out, it's probably not wise." He added: "It would just make everything political, all the media attention will be on Harry and Meghan, observing their reactions to the family when meeting, body language... all of that stuff. I think that could all be avoided." Ryan-Mark continued: "People around the world have tuned in to watch it. So many people have this one-sided perception of what the Royal Family is like and I definitely think it's harmful. "Especially because there is so much good work that they do but that is not going to be seen by the viewers, unfortunately. I doubt the Palace is going to make a statement." During the first three episodes of the documentary, the couple addressed several controversial incidents related to racism and the monarchy.