Adele, 34, is said to be getting married for the second time after her boyfriend Rich Paul, 41, popped the question. The Easy on Me hitmaker is reportedly planning a summer wedding, according to "a very reliable source".  Adele's exciting news was reported by online gossip site Deux Moi. The British singer was seen wearing a huge diamond ring on her wedding finger while performing at her Las Vegas tour at the weekend, which also got fans talking about potential wedding bells. It comes after Adele sparked engagement speculation last year after flashing the ring at the BRIT Awards 2022 last February. Although some have speculated Adele has been engaged for at least a year, she and Rich had not officially confirmed this. READ MORE... Eamonn Holmes pushed by son as he's forced to use wheelchair Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Adele and Rich for comment. The star was previously married to ex-husband, charity entrepreneur Simon Konecki. The former couple share their nine-year-old son Angelo. Adele and Simon tied the knot in 2018, but later went on to separate that same year.  The Someone Like You singer then went public with her new boyfriend, Rich, in 2021. Adele and Rich were recently spotted looking loved-up at the Superbowl, and also attended the Grammy Awards together. Although the mum-of-one likes to keep her private life under wraps, she showed her love for the sports agent during one of her Vegas shows. She sang Happy Birthday to Rich during the concert in December. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson details plans for own funeral with cathedral hireKing Charles's Coronation mocked by Jedward as A-listers shun eventJames Martin 'put off weddings for life' as host sacrificed family Adele then gushed to the audience: "And I love him more than life itself, so can we wish him happy birthday? His name's Rich!" The star previously shared her plans to have "more kids" with Rich. She divulged that her life after her Vegas residency will be focused on family with her beau. She told ELLE UK in October 2022's issue: "I've never been in love like this. "I'm obsessed with him. I definitely want more kids. "I'm a homemaker and I'm a matriarch, and a stable life helps me with my music. "But right now, all I got in my brain is Vegas. I wanna f**king nail it." When addressing whether the ring she has been wearing was as a result of a proposal, Adele coyly said: "I might as well be married." She then clarified: "I'm not engaged. I just love high-end jewellery, boy!"