Premier League referee Lee Mason has reportedly 'quit' following his controversial VAR decision in Arsenal's draw with Brentford last week. VAR in the Premier League has come under scrutiny this season for a number of questionable decisions. All teams have expressed some grievances with the handling of VAR, but last weekend's errors saw Howard Webb call for an emergency meeting this week with all Premier League officials summoned. Mason was under increased scrutiny for his decision to allow Ivan Toney's equaliser against Arsenal. Christian Norgaard was noticeably in an offside position when he crossed the ball for Toney, but Mason forgot to draw the offside line. The official was then left off the appointments list for this weekend's Premier League fixtures. And the Daily Mail now claim the 51-year-old will no longer officiate in the Premier League as a VAR after quitting his role with the PGMOL. The decision is said to be 'mutual', but it's unlikely to appease Mikel Arteta who was left fuming at Arsenal being robbed of two precious points.  The PGMOL issued an apology earlier in the week, which Arteta reluctantly accepted, but the Arsenal boss went on to take a bitter swipe at Mason. "I will only be satisfied if they give the two points back," Arteta said. "I appreciate the sincere, genuine apologies, but it doesn't take away the fact we have two points fewer. Everyone makes mistakes but that was something else. I wasn't having it, the club wasn't having it. "There was huge anger and disappointment because that wasn't human error, that was a big misunderstanding of your job. That is not acceptable, I'm sorry. It cost Arsenal two points, we'll have to find those two points somewhere else in the league." Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi was less critical of the VAR decision which went against his side last weekend in their match with Crystal Palace. De Zerbi insisted he held no grudge against VAR John Brooks and praised Webb for his proactive stance in calling for a meeting this week. “He is a good guy, he’s an honest person and I appreciate that he showed his face. When there is a mistake, it’s not easy to show your face. “I told him there is no problem for me, my players, or my club. We don’t want to put any pressure on referees.” 