BBC Breakfast journalist Kate Varley shared a photo of her co-stars on social media as she shared the news she was leaving. Naga Munchetty, Charlie Stayt and Mike Bushell were among the famous faces who sat alongside Kate on the red sofa. Along with the snap of the BBC Breakfast team, she wrote: "Saying goodbye to this brilliant team this week. "@BBCBreakfast thanks for an incredible 4.5 years - I'll miss you!" She later wrote: "Next up: looking forward to new challenges at @morningireland (and finally moving back to Ireland after more than a decade away eeeks)." (sic) Kate's co-stars were quick to reply to the post, with many wishing her well in the future. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Naga was one of the first to comment, telling Kate: "You will be greatly missed. 1 more to go..." "Thanks, Naga. Feels very real now! See you in the morning (I'm bringing treats)," Naga's colleague continued. Meteorologist Matt Taylor said: "Aw Kate - wish I’d been there to see you off. Glad to see you finished …on a nightshift. "From the first day I met you, producing me down by the Imperial War Museum (in the rain BUT with a lovely rainbow) you’ve been a joy, even when you were chopping my time. Good luck! X." (sic) While Dan Walker penned: "All the best Kate. Where are you off to?" He added: "Oooh… I’ve just seen MORNING IRELAND! Great stuff." BBC Breakfast has seen a few departures in the last year, including Dan and Louise Minchin. Dan quit the breakfast programme after 13 years to join Channel 5 News. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley’s Catherine Cawood ‘confirms’ death with parting words  [INSIGHT[Happy Valley's Neil Ackroyd star teases 'extraordinary' final episode [VIDEO]Emmerdale's beloved couple torn apart as boss confirms split [SPOILERS] Before that, Louise decided it was her time to depart from BBC Breakfast after 20 years. The presenter admitted she wanted to try something new because she was starting to struggle with the early starts. More recently, it was reported BBC News is set to axe 14 presenters as part of a shake-up at the broadcaster. BBC News is reportedly set to rebrand and focus more on digitally rolling out new services and cutting live presenters this spring. The reports suggested that the broadcaster will cut 70 jobs in the UK, including 14 presenters. As a result, familiar BBC News anchors David Eades, Joanna Gosling, and Tim Willcox all decided to quit following reports of the merger. The three top presenters have taken voluntary redundancy and will leave the BBC after decades of service between them.  BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.