It could scarcely have been a better moment for Harry Kane to break that Jimmy Greaves record. A winning goal against that reignites Tottenham’s senior and another bloody nose for Pep Guardiola, the man who once infamously did Spurs the disrespect of labelling them “the Harry Kane” team. Those team-mates were happy to applaud their talisman as he addressed the fans after goal number 267 long after Manchester City had slunk into the dressing room with their tails between their legs and their own title hopes in tatters.In a way, that was a shame because Erling Haaland in particular might have appreciated just how much hard work and dedication will have to be put in if ever he is match Kane’s parallel achievement in this game of notching his 200th Premier League goal.But then the City striker had gone missing for most of the 90 minutes, marshalled successfully by those players cast so disparagingly in Kane’s shadow by Guardiola. Once again, having decided to put Kevin De Bruyne on the bench and missing Phil Foden with a foot injury, his side fell for Tottenham’s sucker punch tactic.As so often in these clashes, Manchester City enjoyed the majority of the possession but Tottenham have never been too bothered by that. City had never won or even scored at the new White Hart Lane and fared little better in their final games at the old stadium, and soon enough Spurs were back at their old tricks. That opening Kane goal began as a mugging but ended as a deft act of pocket-picking with Spurs pressing City en masse and pressurising them into a mistake.Manuel Akankji’s pass to Rico Lewis was underhit, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg anticipated it, got there first and teed up Kane to do the rest. City’s play for too long simply lacked the cutting edge to make a dent in that early advantage.When they did finally get a sight of goal, Rodrigo’s shot from the edge of the area in the 41st minute was simply too ordinary to trouble Lloris. Jack Grealish tried his luck moments later with a shot which would have been extraordinary if it had not gone a good foot high and wide. Then, just before the break, Spurs did rather ride their luck. Grealish’s cross was only half cleared by Ben Davies, the unmarked Riyad Mahrez had time to take a touch and then fired such a venomous shot against the underside of the crossbar that it was still vibrating long after the half-time whistle.Kevin De Bruyne, rather pointedly left out of the starting line-up by Pep Guardiola, was finally introduced just before the hour and City immediately moved up a couple of gears. His clever free-kick teed up Juian Alvarez for a low drive which Eric Dier did well to knee instinctively off target.But for better finishing, though, City were beginning to play into Spurs’ hands. Kane was inches away from sliding onto the end of an Ivan Perisic cross on one counter-attack and Heung-Min Son produced a fine save from Ederson after Lloris’s instant clearance into the empty City half. Then it all started getting a bit Spursy.Grealish snatched a loose ball, ran at the Tottenham defence and enticed Cristian Romero into a foolish second yellow card. Two minutes plus five more for stoppages with 10 men. But Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur had fought all match and, if they were going to roll over now, it would only be to waste a few precious seconds.Finally the whistle blew and White Hart Lane went mad. Mad for three hard-fought points, but madder still for the achievement of one of their own.