The Mandalorian season three is preparing to launch on Disney Plus and Grogu has been reunited with Din Djarin (played by Pedro Pascal). Following the events of The Book of Boba Fett, season three will see the Mandalorian attempt to redeem himself after removing his helmet and breaking the code of conduct. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the series returns. Viewers will be pleased to hear the series will be making its return on Wednesday, March 1. The eight-episode season will continue to air weekly on the same day, at the same time. All new titles are added to the streaming service at midnight Pacific Time or 3 am Eastern Time. For fans in the UK, they will have to wait until 8am for the new episodes to land. READ MORE: What to watch on Disney+ in March as The Mandalorian returns The official synopsis for season three reads: "The journeys of the Mandalorian through the Star Wars galaxy continue. "Once a lone bounty hunter, Din Djarin has reunited with Grogu. Meanwhile, the New Republic struggles to lead the galaxy away from its dark history. "The Mandalorian will cross paths with old allies and make new enemies as he and Grogu continue their journey together." The official trailer shows the Mandalorian saying: "Our people are scattered like stars in the galaxy. "What are we? What do we stand for? Being a Mandalorian is not just learning about how to fight. "You also have to know how to navigate the galaxy. That way, you'll never be lost." He then confirms he is heading to Mandalore so he may be forgiven for his transgressions. Captain Carson Teva (Paul Sun-Hyung Lee) warns there is something dangerous on the horizon and it may be too late for Mando to act. DON'T MISS... GMB host red-faced over Pedro Pascal sex blunderStar Wars actor slams spin-offs ahead of Mandalorian season 3The Mandalorian star admits wearing helmet was ‘like going blind’ Grogu and Mando are seen facing all kinds of obstacles and potential enemies on their journey. However, with Grogu now in full control of the Force, he has no trouble fighting off the antagonists. Speaking to Digital Spy, actor Pedro explained how the dynamic between Mando and Grogu has changed. He said: "In terms of what was instantly relatable within the relationship. It doesn’t limit itself to that kind of immediate charm, if that makes sense? "The show introduced something that we fell in love with so quickly, but then there’s just so much more to do with it and explore. "Different levels of that relationship, that bond, growing stronger and there being conflict – and you know a shift in the power dynamic, not power over one another, but who needs what from each other in which instance.” Season three will also see the return of Katee Sackhoff as Bo-Katan Kryze and Giancarlo Esposito as Moff Gideon. Carl Weathers also makes a comeback as ally Greef Karga.  The Mandalorian airs on Disney Plus from March 1.