Over the past couple of years under Eddie Jones, it has felt like there has been a weight on the England team. Let’s hope it has been lifted with the change in management. I want to see England running around Twickenham like under-sevens at Sunday morning mini-rugby today.  England were booed off the last time they played against South Africa in the autumn but if the crowd see that enthusiasm and energy they will get behind the team. Steve Borthwick has refreshed the team and given some opportunities to players like Ben Curry, Joe Marchant and his debutant wing Ollie Hassall-Collins who never quite ticked the boxes for Jones. My message to them would be to try to forget the pressure of playing for England and to go out there in the Calcutta Cup match and do what they do for their clubs. Don’t play it safe. Go for it. What an opportunity this is for you to play in front of a packed Twickenham at the start of a new era for England so express yourselves. There is no point in seeing 80 per cent of these guys. Let’s see what they’ve got in an England shirt. Borthwick is a meticulous guy and he will have worked overtime on upgrading the front five’s output in the tight phases of the game. It is his area of expertise and even though he hasn’t had long with the team I would anticipate a much better performance in that area. Kevin Sinfield and Nick Evans will bring new voices in defence and attack and new ideas too. There are some good human beings in there. Hopefully Evans can help to get the Marcus Smith/Owen Farrell combination firing. It is kind of ridiculous that it hasn’t sparked yet - these are two of the best players in the world in their different ways and this partnership should be able to work. Farrell has all the experience in the world and Smith is England’s equivalent to Finn Russell with his vision and Russell is one of the best in the business at creating something out of nothing. It has felt like England have been in the fog in recent times under Jones. I know the Borthwick version won’t be the finished article at this stage but let’s have a glimpse of what  England’s future will look like under him. Show us what you want to be. This fixture is an ideal start in a way. England have home advantage against opponents who have made them look a bit silly the last couple of times they have played them. There is an itch to scratch. And let’s be frank, if England are incapable of beating Scotland at Twickenham then what chance have they got of winning a World Cup in France in the autumn? I have hopes for some England highs in this championship but the title looks like a shoot-out between Ireland and France for me. I’m going with Ireland as France have to travel to Dublin in the pivotal game next weekend. Here’s how I see it all unfolding at the end of what should be a fascinating championship... 1: Ireland, 2: France, 3: England, 4: Scotland, 5: Wales, 6: Italy. Jason Robinson was speaking in association with Vodafone Business.