Emmerdale fans know Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) has been struggling with his mental health since the break up of his marriage, and Monday's episode saw him pushed into attending a double date. As pal Mandy (Lisa Riley) watched on from behind the bar, Paddy's date took off her coat to reveal she was wearing a matching, multicoloured jumper. While the scene was humorous, viewers were baffled that the ITV soap didn't address the wardrobe blunder and questioned if something had been "missed". Paddy and his dad Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) headed to The Woolpack to meet a mother and daughter. Mandy watched on from the bar as Paddy awkwardly interacted with his date, and when it became obvious the two had sported the same bright jumper, nobody commented on the coincidence. "What do you think of that lot?" Mandy asked Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) as she watched the group. She continued: "It looks like Bear set Paddy up on a blind date..." READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' "Do you think he's ready to be thrown back into the dating pool so soon?" Charles questioned. "No I do not," Maddy replied. "Definitely not them sharks." Later, Paddy awkwardly remarked to his date and her mother: "So, you two look quite similar, are you sisters?" "That's my mum," his date responded, adding: "Hang on, are you saying that I look as old as my mother?" Mandy, overhearing, grimaced as Paddy corrected himself: "No, I was just saying that your mum looks as young and as lovely as you." Eventually, Paddy made his excuse and freed himself from the embarrassing set-up. Before he did, it became clear in the scene that Mandy and Paddy's date were both wearing the same outfit. While the episode seemed to make viewers aware of it, there was no commentary from any of the characters, leading some fans to speculate they had "missed" a scene. DON'T MISS... Pamela Anderson distracts The One Show viewers with appearance [REACTION]Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details partner wish for next series [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders star explains reason Ryan has returned [SPOILER] Several took to social media to point out the blunder, with Twitter user @maitra_sulagna sharing: "They couldn't have made it more obvious that Mandy and that woman wore the same jumper but they didn't mention it EVEN ONCE! #Emmerdale." "#Emmerdale Did I miss it or did someone mention the Mandy/Redhead jumper-snap in the bar?" @fussyMcWhiskers asked. @11syoung joked: "Mandy Definitely Won Jumper Gate !! #Emmerdale." @TwellyWatcher commented: "The same jumper as Mandy #Emmerdale hilarious." @Flat__l1ned added: "Just realised that Lisa and the new lady chatting up Paddy are wearing the same jumper. #Emmerdale." @fussyMcWhiskers quipped: "#Emmerdale Mandy wishing she wore her leopard-print tabard behind the bar..." @maitra_sulagna asked: "So we are ignoring the fact that Mandy and that woman are wearing the same jumper? #Emmerdale." The matching jumpers weren't mentioned for the rest of the episode, however, Paddy and Mandy ended up sharing a laugh together at the bar over the disastrous date. Emmerdale continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on ITV.