Former Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp claims Antonio Conte is wrong to say some of his players crumble under pressure. The current Spurs head coach made the comment ahead of the first leg of the Champions League tie against AC Milan. Spurs face Milan at the San Siro on Tuesday before the return leg in north London in three weeks' time. They head into the game off the back of a 4-1 defeat to Leicester in the Premier League. Many felt Tottenham may have turned a corner with victory over Manchester City the previous weekend. However, Conte claimed on Monday that pressure is getting to his squad. He told reporters: "We are working on that, playing under pressure all of the time is good for some players and bad for others. Sometimes players feel motivated, other times feel so much under pressure that they can't perform. READ MORE: Greenwood timeline laid out as Man Utd weigh up three options for striker  "Maybe for a period they have a good performance and then they collapse all of a sudden if they feel too much pressure. We are working on this, we want to make our players more resilient." However, Redknapp does not think pressure is an issue for a large majority of the players Conte has at his disposal. He admits there is a lack of consistency but says Conte is wrong to say they buckle under pressure. Redknapp told talkSPORT: "I can't see that. Listen, he's got players there that have played... the centre-half [Cristian Romero] played in a World Cup-winning team, Richarlison played for Brazil at the World Cup, Harry Kane, Son - surely they can handle pressure. "I don't see that really, unless he's trying to gee them up and wind them up. They handled pressure the week before, when they beat Man City. DON'T MISSMan Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161mGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeks  "At the moment they're just inconsistent, you don't know what Spurs you're going to get. They chop and change their team so much." Redknapp reckons Spurs have a chance of going deep in the Champions League this season, four years after they reached the final. He added: "The competition is wide open this year. "It's a year that there's no one that jumps out at you. Man City would be favourites probably for me but there's teams there not in great form at the moment. So there's a real opportunity to have a real run at the competition, you've got to go for it tonight." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 