Meghan Markle, 41, deleted her lifestyle blog The Tig back in 2017, just a few months before Prince Harry and Meghan announced their engagement. It is not a surprise that the Duchess of Sussex drinks alcohol, as the blog itself was named after Meghan’s favourite bottle of red wine, Tignanello.   However, Meghan is also a fan of sipping a crisp Sauvignon Blanc or a fruity cocktail. In a blog post, Meghan wrote: "Sunkissed afternoons, cocktail in hand, surrounded by nothing but the laughter of your closest mates, an Otis Redding playlist, and the whistling breeze of the wind. I’m talking about perfection, people. "The perfection that comes with summertime. Picnics and barbecues, laying out by the pool with friends, and toasting to the season are high on my list. "And while I generally opt to whet my whistle with a glass of rosé or crisp Sauvignon Blanc, sometimes the day calls for a cocktail. Cue the Tig Cup." READ MORE: Princess Anne is 'very slender' but she 'avoids fad diets'   The Tig Cup is Meghan’s own recipe for a summer cocktail – a summer punch-style drink, with a fizzy mixer to make it refreshing and longer, plus an interesting choice of garnish. Pimm’s is a classic example – and Meghan’s own recipe isn’t far off. The alcohol base comprises gin and Maraschino Cherry liqueur, which sounds delightful. Her recipe doesn’t include measurements, so royal fans can make it as strong or as weak as they please. For the liqueur, Meghan said: “I personally loathe syrupy sweet drinks but this has just enough of a subtle sweetness that it really acts as more of a back note in the drink.   "Plus the maraschino cherry of it all reminds me of drinking Shirley Temples as a little girl.” This is topped up with both tonic water and soda water. Meghan suggests slightly more soda than tonic. She added: "I don’t gravitate to the taste of tonic so I always go heavier on the soda, but feel free to play around with it to taste.” While a classic Pimm’s might be finished with strawberries and oranges, the Tig Cup’s garnish goes slightly more savoury. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Doria Ragland enjoy 'yoga retreat in Goa'  Meghan recommends cucumber ribbons, grapefruit rind, thinly sliced radishes, celery, lime and mint for the perfect accompaniments. "Any or all of the listed ingredients are great, but the key pieces are citrus and herbs," she said. "If you don’t have grapefruit, lemon works. No radish, no problem." Another one of Meghan's preferred cocktails is an almond spiced holiday cocktail.  In 2015, she did an interview with Grazia and dished her top tips for hosting the perfect holiday party with friends. The recipe calls for unsweetened almond milk, cinnamon, cardamom, powdered ginger, cloves, dried dates soaked in water, bourbon and cinnamon sticks for garnish. Meghan said to blend all of the ingredients for roughly 45 seconds. According to Meghan's recipe, the next step is either heating up the mixture or simply adding the alcohol to serve it cold.  