Mobile World Congress may sound as exciting as watching your smartphone charge but this is one of the biggest tech events on the yearly calendar. MWC is where many of the world's biggest manufacturers reveal their upcoming devices and 2023 could be a blockbuster year for new launches. Nokia, Oppo, Xiaomi, OnePlus and Motorola could all show off new call makers during the global event and they may well offer top-notch specs at much lower prices than Samsung's recently released flagship Galaxy S23. Although nothing is yet confirmed, OnePlus has already revealed that it will be unveiling a new concept device that features a flowing back that glows in the dark. The Chinese firm says it's been created to make the device appear as if it's alive with the icy blue pipelines looking like blood vessels. Along with OnePlus, Xiaomi has also confirmed that it is holding a major event tomorrow night where it will unveil its 13 Series of devices which have been co-engineered with the camera team at Leica. READ MORE: Amazon Fire TV Stick block may force you to buy a new remote control As well as snapping impressive images we also know that these new phones will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor which is not only faster than previous chips but also much more efficient. One final firm to watch out for is Nokia as the famous Finnish phone maker almost always uses MWC to reveal its upcoming budget Android phones. Hopefully, we'll see a range of low-cost call makers being unveiled at MWC with Nokia usually including impressive features without the usual high price. We'll find out full details over the coming days and Express.co.uk will be in Spain to bring you all the news live as it happens. Although MWC is one of the major events for smartphone launches not everyone joins the party. Samsung always used this event to unleash its next generation of devices but the Korean firm now prefers launching devices at its own Unpacked showcase which has already taken place. Apple never turns up at Mobile World Congress so don't expect to see a new iPhone revealed in Barcelona. Finally, there's Sony. Refreshed Xperia devices were a big attraction in the exhibition halls but the Japanese tech firm no longer attends this event. If Sony follows last year, we won't expect to see new smartphones unveiled until much later in 2023.