 HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has expressed its concern about a new scam currently circulating. The email claims to be from the Revenue, offering Britons the chance to secure a tax refund.  For those who are looking for extra cash amid the cost of living crisis, this could be an enticing offer. The email reads: “Our transaction management system detects that you are entitled to receive this payment.” While the email itself can vary, a version seen by Express.co.uk claims to offer a refund of £283.48. The message continues: “To access the form for your tax refund, click button on below. READ MORE: Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more The scam also uses a common technique when it comes to scams: a time sensitive offer. This particular email outlines a so-called “expiration date” by which Britons are supposedly required to act, or lose their money. However, this is simply designed to make victims act fast, potentially without thinking, in order to reel more people into the scam. HMRC has confirmed the message is not legitimate and is a scam designed by fraudsters. DON'T MISSYorkshire Building Society is offering savers 4.50% for a limited time [INSIGHT]£2 bus fare cap to be extended by Rishi Sunak [UPDATE]Five methods to cut council tax as bills set to rise from April [LATEST] In a social media post, the Revenue said: “The email asks you to provide personal and financial details. “Do NOT respond, this is a SCAM.” These criminals are attempting to redirect unsuspecting Britons to a scam webpage to enter their personal and banking information. While people may think doing so will get them a step closer to a refund, this is a ruse, and scammers are simply looking to harvest these details from the website. READ MORE: TSB announces full list of 2023 bank closures The email does not derive from the official HMRC, with the well-known name being used unscrupulously by criminals to misdirect individuals. As a result, people are being urged to stay alert when it comes to the emails, texts and phone calls they receive. Britons should never click links within emails they are not expecting, as these could be dangerous. When it comes to this email, if received, it should be promptly deleted to avoid falling victim. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea An HMRC spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “If someone contacts you saying they’re HMRC, wanting you to urgently transfer money or give personal information, be on your guard. Never let yourself be rushed. “Tax scams come in many forms. Some offer a rebate, others threaten immediate arrest for tax evasion. “Contacts like these should set alarm bells ringing, so take your time and check HMRC scams advice on GOV.UK. “To help us fight these crimes, forward suspicious emails claiming to be from HMRC to phishing@hmrc.gov.uk. “You can also contact HMRC directly but make sure you use phone numbers from our contact details on GOV.UK.”