Viewers of the Weatherfield-based drama will see Stephen's (played by Todd Boyce) plot to take down the Underworld boss, which includes spiking her drinks with LSD, unfold in coming episodes. The new Coronation Street villain is humiliated by being sidelined to the packing department by the straight talking Carla (Alison King) and fans will be left fearing for her life. Unbeknownst to the factory queen her days could be numbered as Stephen has already bumped off two others, both Leo and Leo's dad Teddy. Addressing whether Carla could be next, Todd teased: "She has done the worst thing that anyone could really do to Stephen, she has made him look and feel small in front of other people. “She had him working in packing when Dick Haversham came round and he was so humiliated. "He really wants to harm her business and her reputation and he has no qualms about what he's planning to do."  Carla is hit by hallucinations following her drink being spiked but ex-factory business partner Sarah (Tina O’Brien) seems concerned she’s slipping back into a psychosis as her mental health struggles in the past. Clarifying Carla's fate, Todd added: "This is not a premeditated plan to kill someone, this is to get her out of the way of the business." He explained his character’s plot is "ingenious" as he has to simply "sow the seed" of doubt that Carla isn’t capable of running Underworld to share-holders. Todd told Digital Spy: "He is playing a very dangerous game. "You see him putting a few drops into her drink and then he just slips a bit more in for good luck when he thinks about how angry he is with her." Meanwhile the actor, whose career credentials include The Batman, Murder on The Orient Express and Hollyoaks, has experienced viewers' reaction to his villainous character. He explained there are some who are "a bit scared" but "polite" when he meets them in the flesh. He recalled a supermarket encounter with two viewers explaining: "I'm not sure if they were worried I was going to push them into the freezer whilst no-one was looking! "And then a lot of women will come up to me and say, 'My husband hates you', they clearly don't want to say they hate me themselves, or maybe they secretly like him!" According to the actor, Stephen’s story is set to continue until the end of 2023 so Carla and her co-workers better watch their backs. Elsewhere it’s a tough time for the Platt family and David (Jack P Shepherd), who is in court to hear his adopted son Max Turner (Paddy Bever)’s fate after pleading guilty to encouraging terrorism.  Last year, Max became caught up in a racist gang led by Griff Reynolds who groomed the teen before brainwashing him to make racist videos with his impressive film making skills. But Max quickly realised he was on the wrong side of the law when he learnt Griff and his associates intended to set off a bomb at the local peace market. Realising the grave error and danger it posed, he tipped off the police leaving the gang to be brought to justice. But the move could prove to be costly for Max if he’s sent to a secure detention centre and forced to spend time with those he ‘snitched’ on. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV1 and streams on ITVX. 