Cristiano Ronaldo won’t get a medal should Manchester United beat Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final today. The Red Devils go into the game at Wembley hoping to win a first major trophy since 2017 after impressing under Erik ten Hag so far. However, their former striker won’t be adding to his silverware haul in the event of a United win in the capital. Some have been wondering whether Ronaldo would be in line to receive a medal should United claim the prize. But the answer to that is no. In order to be eligible for a medal, you need to have played in at least one match during the course of the competition. And Ronaldo didn’t take to the field during the tournament, meaning he’s not set to add to his enviable trophy collection. United started their charge to Wembley back in November with a stirring 4-2 victory over Aston Villa, who had beaten them in the league days previously. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Ronaldo was given the night off, with the Portugal international also missing the 1-0 defeat to West Ham in the same competition last term. And by the time United picked up from that result the player had left - with the Red Devils agreeing to terminate the veteran’s contract following his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan. United haven’t conceded a goal in the Carabao Cup since the win over Villa, something that bodes well for them ahead of the final on Sunday. They beat Burnley 2-0 on December 21, with Christian Eriksen and Marcus Rashford netting in the club’s first game since the World Cup. United proved to be too strong for Charlton, overcoming the League One team after a Rashford brace and Antony strike. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Then, after that, Ten Hags side beat Nottingham Forest 5-0 on aggregate to book their place in the final. Though Ronaldo won’t get a Carabao Cup winners medal in the event of a Red Devils win, he has achieved success in the trophy before. That was back in 2009, with the Portugal international starting as Tottenham were beaten on penalties. United won the competition again 12 months later, beating Villa, but Ronaldo had quit for Real Madrid by that point. Speaking ahead of the final, meanwhile, Ten Hag has called on his side to get the job done. He said: “As a player for Manchester United you know you have to perform - you know you have to win games and win trophies. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That can only be possible if you have togetherness because you can't do it on your own.” And Ten Hag added: “I’ve never had the opportunity to be at Wembley and experience a game there. “Only on television. I am looking forward to it. It’s a big joy. “If you win it and it’s good, the impact it can have. “But if not, then we have to get more opportunities and carry on the process because we are still going in the right direction. “When you are a player for Manchester United you have to create your own legacy - and therefore you have to win trophies. “We are going in a good direction. On Sunday we have an opportunity to win a trophy. “But after Sunday we are still in three competitions where we have good opportunities to also win something. “It’s massive. But first we have to get the first one so we don’t think further ahead. “We have to put everything we have into getting the trophy to Manchester.”