The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are facing a "challenge" when it comes to their future in the limelight, according to a royal commentator. Jonathan Sacerdoti, a royal expert and broadcaster, believes Meghan and Harry may see a drop in interest from the public if they truly stop speaking about the Firm and the struggles they experienced as working royals as hinted by the fifth-in-line to the throne in his first Netflix documentary. A possible solution to keep the wider public engaged with them while also focusing on issues they care about could be to strike the right balance in the amount of royal "gossip" they share, Mr Sacerdoti said. Asked what he believes the Sussexes will do next, he told Express.co.uk: "I think we had the first clue of what they may do in the future, the Live to Lead docu-series. "I think that that's the clue. They want to attach their names to the issues about social change, social action, leadership and the likes. "I am not sure it was a success, but it was their first attempt - or second attempt, perhaps, after the Archetypes podcast. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry a 'double-edged sword' for organisations – expert "So I suspect that what they might find is that as they continue to do less about royal gossip and soap opera and more about their other concerns they will get less and less attention and audience. "So then the challenge will be to find a way to keep putting in just about enough royal stuff [in their projects] to keep the attention but also try to scale it down enough so that they don't look petty and vindictive all of the time and they do manage to talk about the issues [they care about]." Live to Lead was released by US streaming giant Netflix on New Year's Eve 2022, just a few weeks after the six-part docu-series Harry & Meghan had topped the platform's viewing charts. While the latter focused on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's struggles with the press and the Firm, the former documentary comprised interviews with leading personalities such as late US Supreme Court Judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg and young climate change activist Greta Thunberg.  Social issues, as noted by Mr Sacerdoti, were also touched upon by Meghan in her podcast series Archetypes, during which she delved into a specific topic every week with experts and A-lister guests. The aim of the 12-episode series was to analyse and debunk typecasts used against women, such as "diva", and stereotypes that hold them back, including that of the "angry Black woman". It's not known what the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on at the moment, following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare, which contained excoriating criticism and claims against senior royals and Palace figures. However, the reported hiring of Hollywood dealmaker Adam Lilling could be read as a sign the Duke and Duchess are working behind the scenes on their next moves. The pair carry out their charitable work via their non-profit Archewell Foundation, while their two production arms, Archewell Audio and Archewell Productions, are dedicated to creating audio and video content. In April 2021, Archewell Productions announced it was working on Heart of Invictus, a docu-series focused on the stories of some of the athletes that took part in the Invictus Games last year. No release date has yet been announced for this project. The Duke and Duchess, who struck multi-year deals with both audio-streaming Spotify and Netflix in 2020, have also been tipped to be focusing their attention on "feel good" programmes. A source told the Telegraph earlier this month: "There will be more of a heavy focus on fictional, scripted content. It will be rom-coms, feel good and light-hearted programmes."