Red Bull holds one clear advantage over the likes of Mercedes and Ferrari according to former Formula One driver Juan Pablo Montoya with their grip on a strategy giving them the edge. The energy giant won the Constructors Championship for the first time in nine years in 2022 while they have also helped Max Verstappen claim the driver's title for two consecutive years. Red Bull look like the team to beat ahead of the upcoming Formula One season such was their dominance in the sport last year. The team finished 205 points clear at the top of the constructors' standings from their nearest challenger Ferrari while Verstappen finished a healthy 146 points clear of the drivers'. Now, Montoya has highlighted the key area that he feels Red Bull have an advantage - namely strategy. The former Williams and McLaren driver believes the manufacturer often leaves their opposition looking stupid such is their understanding of which moves to take at what time. "Red Bull does such a good job with strategies, they make everybody else look stupid," he told Autosport. "It's not like anybody else doesn't know what they are doing, but Red Bull has such a better understanding of the strategies and what you need and how to do it. READ MORE: F1 bosses 'could sack FIA chief Mohammed ben Sulayem' with sport at risk of civil war "Even if they don't make the right call, if Red Bull makes a wrong call, they make it look right. And when somebody else makes the right call, Red Bull makes a better one. So it's like: how do you beat this?" While Ferrari was Red Bull’s closest challenger in 2022, Montoya believes Christian Horner and co will need to monitor Mercedes more closely this season with the Prancing Horses simply prone to too many mistakes. "If I was Red Bull, I would be looking more to what Mercedes can bring than what Ferrari can bring," he explained. "If you look at the Ferrari pitstops, the strategies, you go like 'who the hell is making those calls?'  “It's hard to say, because I know under pressure it's tough to make decisions, but if you're not the person making the right decisions, you need to get somebody else, I think. No? "Or maybe if he is the right person, he needs to have better support around him to be able to do what he does. But something's missing because the mistakes are too often with the strategies they make." The 2023 Formula One season gets underway in just over a month’s time with lights out in the first race of the year in Bahrain on March 5.