Stefano Domenicali has insisted that Formula One drivers will be given a platform to air their views freely however they will not be allowed to be political and must respect the sport's partners. The conditions are likely to impact Lewis Hamilton with the seven-time world champion regularly using his status within the sport to campaign against human rights abuses in host countries. FIA chief Mohammed Ben Sulayem recently announced that driver’s would no longer be able to use the sport's platform to make stands for their own 'personal agenda'. Many within Formula One hit back at his statement as it was up to the commercial right holders' Liberty Media to decide, with the comments an overreach of the 61-year-old’s duties. Ben Sulayem has since taken up a more reserved role in the running of Formula One however the issue remains prevalent with Alex Albon among those concerned they will be unable to speak out. Hamilton is another who is like to be impacted if the ruling remains with the 38-year-old often using his voice to promote issues of racial inequality and LGBTQ+ rights at previous Grand Prix weekends. Now, Formula One CEO Domenicali has stressed that drivers will have a platform to share their views however will not be allowed to become political or be seen as disrespectful to the sport’s partners. The decision may not be universally popular within the paddock with the human rights record of many host countries including Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Hungary reguarly brought under question. READ MORE: Bottas opens up on 'exhausting' Hamilton partnership at Mercedes "We were the one with WeRaceAsOne to create discussion using our platform the right way,” Domenicali told Sky Sports. “I do not believe [it is about] preventing the driver from communicating with the community - it is a matter of respect. "What I don't like, was when you want to say something to attack another one, that is wrong. But there is also respect for the partners you are working with. You need to be balanced. "No one will put any barrier on that unless you're going to be political, because we're in a sport dimension, but to highlight the attention around certain subjects that are at the centre of discussion of today, that will be no problem in my opinion and I'm sure the FIA share that view.  "I would say there will be no change in what has been done in F1, giving the chance for us to talk about something more than the sport in the right way. There are places where you can do it, but there is respect for your partners." It remains to be seen how the issue will play out in practice but Formula One fans will not have long to wait with the season getting underway in just three weeks' time in Bahrain.