Rafael Nadal’s uncle Toni has provided a fresh update on the leg injury he picked up during the Australian Open. Nadal’s former coach also slammed talk of retirement as he said it wasn’t on the world No 6’s mind despite his physical woes. Nadal was struck down by a leg injury during his second-round loss at the Australian Open and is set to be out for a total of six to eight weeks. It comes after the end of his 2022 season was derailed by an ab injury after he tore the muscle at Wimbledon and ahead of the US Open and has sparked retirement fears as he continues to struggle physically. But his uncle and former coach Toni has addressed his nephew’s plans and rubbished any retirement talk, saying that the thought isn’t in the 22-time Grand Slam champion’s head. “In his mind he is not retiring for now,” 61-year-old told EFE during an educational meeting with students from the Attendis schools. The current coach of Felix Auger-Aliassime did admit that Nadal could be forced to retire if his body gives in, adding: “Another thing is what the doctors say or that he has more pain than he touches.” But Toni confirmed that the world No 6 was still more than happy to keep playing tennis. JUST IN: Federer needs 'special condition' to accept Wimbledon role - EXCLUSIVE   “What he has left is to continue doing what he wants he likes and keep fighting, which is what he has gotten used to from a very young age,” he continued. Toni also gave an update on the 36-year-old’s recovery process less than three weeks after he injured his leg during his match against Mackenzie McDonald. “He has to rest for three or four more weeks,” Toni said, confirming that the world No 6 could theoretically be back in time for next month’s Indian Wells Masters, though many believe he will wait until the clay season and make a comeback in Monte Carlo. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'not in the business of scamming' as coach backs SerbFederer ruled out of GOAT race vs Nadal and Djokovic by ThiemDjokovic accused of faking injury again in Nadal and Mbappe comments  But Nadal’s uncle downplayed his hopes for his comeback as he added: “Rafa Nadal is still there, although we will see what happens when he recovers from the injury.” It comes just days after the head coach at the Rafa Nadal Academy backed his nephew to win a record-extending 15th French Open title. “When you have that, it is easy for the body to fail here today and there tomorrow. I trust that he can lift the Roland Garros trophy this year, and then we'll see,” he told Vanity Fair after Novak Djokovic caught up to Nadal in the overall Grand Slam race with 22 titles.