Chelsea will reportedly be hoping that Atletico Madrid knock £10million off of their asking price for forward Joao Felix at the end of the season. The Blues are keen to retain his services but there are early suggestions that they do not intend to pay his current asking price. The Blues have been impressed by how well Felix has taken to life in the Premier League, with the loanee making a significant impact in his three appearances for the club, despite his dismissal on debut. The Portugal international has scored once since his arrival at Stamford Bridge, though his constant threat has made him a defensive nuisance. Graham Potter’s side have struggled to convert their chances since his arrival, though Felix looks the likeliest contender to step up to the mark consistently in the current Chelsea ranks. The 23-year-old has linked up play well whilst being deployed as a No 9, showing a willingness to run in behind and create a more direct option – contrasting to Potter’s usual chance creation. Though the club may struggle to sign Felix permanently when the summer transfer window opens, with Atletico slapping an £80m price tag on the forward, according to the Evening Standard. Chelsea are said to be prioritising retaining his services for next season, knowing that other clubs were keen on signing him on loan in January – including Arsenal and Manchester United. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team However, the Blues will be hoping that there is some wiggle room in negotiations, as Cadena SER report that they are only willing to pay up to £70m for Felix. Todd Boehly is thought to have no issue with putting his hand in his pocket to make the No 11 a permanent member of the squad, though the marginal difference in valuations could be a small cause for concern at Stamford Bridge. Felix has settled in well amongst the squad too and his current teammates may be disappointed to see him leave at the end of the season, especially if their form improves and they can push for a European spot.  Speaking earlier this week about Felix, Cesar Azpilicueta said: “I knew him from Atletico Madrid when we played against them and from watching their games in La Liga. I was quite surprised when he arrived because we know the quality he has. He’s amazing in training and in the last game against West Ham, he showed the way he can turn, create spaces, play passes. “In training, he has been unbelievable, honestly very good. He scored the other day too and that will help with his confidence. He is a young boy with great experience and great confidence, who is making already a big impact in the team. I am looking forward to seeing him in the team and performing at this level.”