Bargain Hunt continues this after (February 13) on BBC One at 12.15pm. Each instalment sees members of the public teaming up in the quest to find some precious items to fetch them cash when they go under the hammer. Today’s episode will be from the Shepton Mallet Vintage and Collectors Fair in Somerset. Kate Bliss and fellow expert Colin Young will be on hand to help their teams of contestants. Meanwhile, Charlie Ross will be on Bargain Hunt hosting duties and even meets a man who has the largest collection of Star Wars items in the UK. While viewers will have to wait to see which team comes out on top, many Bargain Hunt fans are also keen to know more about the experts on the series. Kate has been a firm favourite on the series and has also appeared on other shows such as Flog It!, Secret Dealers and Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over 'unimportant' Will Ferrell interview Kate was born into the auction world and found her own passion for the antiques world growing up in this environment. She previously said: “My father had his own saleroom when I was growing up so I started rummaging for treasure and sitting on the auctioneer’s rostrum, from an early age. “I think a lot of the antiques business is in the blood. So many traditional dealers impart their knowledge and enthusiasm to the next generation, and so the tradition continues.” Kate went on to say: “My father certainly taught me how to auctioneer and command the room. “My parents love antiques and quirky objects (my mother’s idea of a great Christmas present is an antique shrimping net!) and their passion has rubbed off on me.” Adding: “I also loved studying the craftsmanship of pieces and the history behind them.” Kate is an approved registered valuer with the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and a Fellow of the Gemmological Association of Great Britain. She studied English Literature at Brasenose College, Oxford and studied fine art after with a specialism in jewellery and silver. Kate has racked up over 20 years of experience within the auction industry and antiques business. She heads up her own valuation practice as well as serving as a consultant at several British auction houses, all of which would have added to her wealth. Moreover, her appearances on TV shows are likely to have boosted her profile and led to other presenting and valuation expertise on screen. In turn, this would have led to an increase in her net worth as she landed more work which she would have been paid for. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity [THEORY]  According to Popular Net Worth estimates Kate’s wealth is an estimated £996,000 ($1.2million). As her business continues to flourish and she appears on TV shows as an expert, her net worth will be increasing further. Kate admitted if she wasn’t in antiques, she would have liked to have been a barrister. She said: “I tinkered with the idea of doing Law but Fine Art won. I am sure there are some similarities though between holding forth in a courtroom and in a saleroom!” Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm today