Megan Fox, 36, reactivated her account on the social media platform on Sunday and shared a post noting that there was no cheating involved in her relationship with Machine Gun Kelly. It comes days after she deleted all photos of herself and the performer, 32, from her profile and subsequently removed her account from the platform entirely. "There has been no third-party interference in this relationship of any kind. “That includes, but is not limited to...actual humans, DMs, AI bots or succubus demons," she wrote. "While I do hate to rob you of running random baseless news stories that would have been much more accurately written by ChatGPT, you need to let this story die and leave all of these innocent people alone now,” she continued. Comments on the post had been disabled. The actress deleted her Instagram account last week hours after she shared a post that hinted at a potential breakup between herself and Kelly (real name Colson Baker). In that post, Megan uploaded a series of photos of herself and a video of an envelope being burned in a fire pit. She captioned it with lyrics from Beyoncé's 2016 album Lemonade, writing, "You can taste the dishonesty/ it's all over your breath." In the comments section of Megan’s last post, before she deleted her account, one fan shared their suspicions that the pop singer could have been unfaithful in the couple's relationship, writing, "He probably got with Sophie." The fan's claim was in reference to British guitarist Sophie Lloyd, 27, who toured with MGK recently. Sophie has since been forced to deny the "merciless" and "disrespectful" rumours she was involved in Meghan and MGK's split. In response, Megan joked that it could've been her instead, commenting, "Maybe I got with Sophie" alongside a single fire emoji. The Transformers star was noticeably absent from the Sports Illustrated Super Bowl Party last Saturday where Kelly performed. The pair had attended Drake's party together the night before. A source said Megan was “very upset" with MGK after a fight over Super Bowl weekend. They claimed the actress was not on speaking terms with her musician fiancé, following the dispute. "Megan is very upset. They had a fight over the weekend and Megan won't speak to him," the source told People magazine. "They haven't officially called off the engagement, but Megan took her ring off," the source added. Noting that while the couple "have had issues in the past, things seem pretty serious this time". The couple first met on the set of the indie thriller Midnight in the Switchgrass in March 2020. They later confirmed their relationship by July of that year. MGK later proposed to Megan in January 2022.