Fans of Starz’s hit romance series, Outlander are eagerly anticipating the show’s return with season seven and the stories of Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) to continue. Ahead of its comeback, bosses have confirmed the opening title debut with a major change.  Since Outlander first landed on screens in 2014, viewers have been captivated by Claire Fraser’s journey to the past. As well as her mysterious time-travelling story, fans have also remained enthralled by the gripping storylines of war balanced with her deeply affectionate romance with her husband Jamie Fraser. While fans await their return, the familiar main title song, SkyeBoat Song has been given a makeover. The mystical song was originally arranged by Bear McCreary, who is regarded as one of the top composers working in television today. READ MORE: Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'  However, he didn’t write the song as it was adapted from a traditional Scottish folk tune called The Skye Boat Song. It was originally written in the 1870s by Sir Harold Boulton, but the Scottish writer Robert Louis Stevenson rewrote the lyrics a couple of decades later. When season seven premieres, a new voice will be heard singing the Skye Boat song as bosses confirmed acclaimed artist Sinead O’Connor’s voice will be heard instead. Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B Roberts shared: “We are honoured to have Sinead O’Connor performing The Skye Boat Song.   “Her rendition is, for me, a reminder of all that’s beautiful about Outlander.” Praising the musician, he added: “She is talented beyond measure. Hers is a voice of the ages one which pierces heart and soul and embodies the spirit of the show. When Outlander first aired the theme was originally performed by Bear McCreary’s wife, singer Raya Yarbrough. On his blog, he explained: “I decided to bring Raya in to see how this melody would sound with lyrics.  DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [REACTION]Outlander fans want to know about William and Brianna's relationship [REACTION]Outlander's Brianna star exposes 'exciting' new season 7 set feature [INSIGHT] “Immediately, I could tell her uniquely timeless vocal quality would bring something special to Outlander.” However, Raya’s voice was later replaced by a full choir during season five. This will undoubtedly be a welcomed adjustment for fans, who look forward to both the arraignment and visual changes each season. In season three, as the theme song played out, viewers got a glimpse of the dreaded Battle of Culloden.  This was a major change from season two, which was performed in French to signify Claire and Jamie’s journey to France to put a stop to the Jacobite uprising. As bosses have revealed Outlander's eighth season will be the final instalment of the series, fans will have to stay tuned to see if the opening title will have another makeover.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK. 