Arsenal transfer target Ivan Fresneda has reportedly scheduled a meeting with his agents to consider all of his options ahead of the summer transfer window. The defender was heavily linked with a move to the Gunners last month, though they were unable to strike a deal with Real Valladolid for his services. Fresneda has shone in the La Liga this season with impressive displays up against some of the trickiest wingers in the division. And with his ability to progress forward and be a threat in the final third, the 18-year-old has become one of the most sought-after stars in Spain. Borussia Dortmund, Arsenal and Newcastle are all long-term admirers of the right-back and registered their interest in him in January, though Juventus have reportedly joined the race to secure his signature. The Evening Standard report that the Serie A side have been monitoring his progress and are impressed by his development. No side is leading the race for the defender as it stands, with Fresneda planning to sit down with his agents at the end of the season to assess his options. Until then, the teenage sensation must continue to showcase his skillset in the La Liga in hope of landing a ‘big move’. Valladolid were willing to entertain offers in the region of £13million for the right-back in January, though they are hopeful that growing interest will see them receive offers of double that – with his release clause of £26.5m also an option for those reluctant to enter a bidding war. Fresneda has showcased in recent weeks just why Arsenal are so keen to sign him on a long-term deal, playing as an inverted fullback and stepping into midfield to cause overloads and influence play in possession. Oleksandr Zinchenko currently shines in that role on the left side of the Arsenal defence and Mikel Arteta is keen for his right-back to have that skillset too. Ben White has spent this season playing as a right-back at the Emirates Stadium, with the England international naturally tucking into a central defensive position when Zinchenko drives forward, but is not as influential with the ball at his feet as his Ukrainian teammate. Takehiro Tomiyasu has provided cover for the former Brighton stay, prompting Cedric Soares to be offloaded to Fulham on loan. It remains to be seen whether Fresneda feels that there is a clear pathway for him to break into the starting eleven with the Gunners due to the strength of their right-back depth, or if talks with the player could see him become the latest recruit for Arteta.