Millions of gallons of raw sewage has gushed into San Diego from Mexico. Federal officials said the spill is coming from at least two pump stations that were forced to shut down in Tijuana. The estimated cost to fix the sewage nightmare sits at approximately $77.7 million for repairs and infrastructure updates. “I’ve said it 1,000 times, but I’ll keep saying it until it’s fixed: It’s an environmental injustice,” Imperial Beach Mayor Paloma Aguirre said. Shorelines in the region were shut down over the contamination, while winter storms washed polluted flows through the Tijuana River watershed. This most recent spill started on Friday, and is concentrated in Goat Canyon and Smugglers Gulch. It occurred after a private developer accidentally damaged the 60-inch pipeline south of Tijuana, causing the State Public Services Commission of Tijuana to shut down pumping stations in its wastewater conveyance system. Sally Spener with the International Boundary and Water Commission added on Wednesday that the ruptured pipes led to transboundary flow in the canyons along the US-Mexico border and Tijuana River and discharge of wastewater to the coast in Mexico. South Bay International Wastewater Treatment Plant, which typically treats about 25 million gallons of sewage a day, is now processing around an extra 10 million gallons daily from Tijuana to limit the spill’s impacts. “We can sustain this, but it is adding wear and tear on our plant,” said Morgan Rogers, area operations manager. Oscar Durán, head of the institutional relations and communications, said that the estimated $77 million project was determined after a diagnosis of the wastewater treatment plant was carried out in 2022. READ MORE: Dead fish and chickens spark alarm among locals over chemicals leaks Rep. Henry Cuellar, D-Texas, agreed the cost to do repairs is in the millions, but stressed the money is there if both local and state governments from the US and Mexico work together to solve the issue. “When you are dumping ... raw sewage into the river, it does not just stay in their imaginary line at the middle of the river, as it just goes everywhere. So a Nuevo Laredo problem becomes a Texas problem,” Cuellar said. “Our intake is higher than where this comes out, but still it affects Texas and everybody down the river. So it becomes a joint problem when they are dumping raw sewage. “The Rio Grande is one of the dirtiest rivers in America, so therefore it is imperative that we take care of this problem.” DON'T MISS Greene in brutal swipe at Nikki Haley as she rejects 'Bush in heels' Erin Brockovich urges residents to leave site of toxic train crash Man froze to death after being put in prison freezer as 'punishment' However, even if the pipe is repaired, the San Antonio de los Buenos treatment plant near Tijuana discharges about 35 million gallons a day of raw sewage into the Pacific Ocean, according to estimates from the US Environmental Protection Agency. Cuellar noted that during the 1980’s, Nuevo Laredo was dumping around 20-25 million gallons of raw sewage a day into the Rio Grande. This prompted him to take action, and ultimately the American federal government put 45 percent of the money toward the fixes while Texas added five action and the Mexican government finished it off with the other 50 action. Reports of Tijuana sewage leaking over the border into the San Diego region stretch back at least to the 1930’s. Despite significant improvements being made in the 1990’s, the city’s plumbing still isn’t keeping pace with population growth.