Gary Neville has claimed that Manchester United would “snap your hand off” to sign Harry Kane this summer as the England captain has less than 18 months left on his current contract. The Tottenham star has been linked with a move away from north London and Erik ten Hag’s outfit have been rumoured as a potential landing spot for the 29-year-old. Kane is reportedly on United’s shortlist of potential striker signings this summer alongside Victor Osimhen, Goncalo Ramos and Mohamed Kudus following the termination of Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract before the World Cup. Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley last month as a short-term option while the Netherlands ace alongside Anthony Martial are the only recognised strikers in the squad as Marcus Rashford has been in stunning form on the left wing. Reports previously suggested that Spurs would be open to bids starting at £60million for Kane if he does not sign a new contract at the club before this summer, but Neville believes that United would be happy to pay £100m for the forward. “He should go for more than that [£50-60m],” Neville told The Overlap.  “I think if you said to United now with the fact that they have got no centre-forwards hardly, £100m for Harry Kane they would snap your hand off. If you said to United now £100m they would snap your hand off.” Kane recently broke Spurs’ all-time goalscoring record with his strike against Manchester City as he surpassed Jimmy Greaves, but there have been doubts over whether his future lies elsewhere as he has yet to win a trophy at the club and may want a move to win some team silverware to match his numerous individual awards. However, Kane poured cold water on rumours that he could leave after admitting that talks regarding a new contract are set to commence shortly. "There's not been much talk if I'm totally honest. I'm sure there'll be conversations over the coming months but to be honest I'm just focused on this season and doing my best for the team," he said last month. "There's still a lot to play for, trying to get in the Champions League, we have the FA Cup and the Champions League still to try to win. My focus is on that. I know there's going to be rumours, a lot of talk and speculation about my future but I'm just focused on what I can do. "Of course, I still want to win trophies for Tottenham Hotspur. That's been my goal since I started playing first-team football with them. It hasn't happened. I've been open about that but I'll continue to try to achieve that.”