Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's recent "whingeathon" has led to dwindling support in the US, according to a royal author who has just returned from a trip stateside. Valentine Low, back in the UK after promoting his new book about the Royal Family, has said conversations on the ground support polling data indicating Americans are growing tired of the Sussex narrative. "I get the impression, having been in the States, they have lost some of that popularity," he told Express.co.uk, describing their accounts of life in the Firm as a “whingeathon”. Low has just released Courtiers: Intrigue, Ambition and the Power Players Behind the House of Windsor, an explosive insight into the inner workings of the royal institution. Recent polling supports his observations. READ MORE: 'Woke' Harry and Meghan 'better' suited to Venezuela or Cuba with their 'far left views' Two thousand eligible US voters were polled six days after the publication of Prince Harry's memoir, Spare, which contains a number of bombshell revelations about royal life. The Duke's favourability rating dropped 45 points from +38 in December to -7 in January. Overall, 44 percent of Americans surveyed in the Newsweek poll said they felt Harry should not have revealed private family conversations in Spare, compared with 26 percent who backed the prince's decision. Meghan did not fare much better. The Duchess of Sussex was found to be considerably less popular than Queen Consort Camilla, even after Harry's criticism of his stepmother in the book. DON'T MISSBillionaire' Trump worth as little as $30million [REPORT]Meghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK [LATEST]Hunter Biden finally admits laptop is his [INSIGHT] Low is the journalist who first reported allegations Meghan bullied royal staff before they left the UK in 2020. These claims were strongly denied by the Sussexes. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said at the time she was “saddened by this latest attack on her character”, describing the accounts as “misleading and harmful information”. Low offered sympathy with the Sussexes for their “acrimonious” departure from roles as senior working royals, suggesting Buckingham Palace handled the situation “clumsily”. READ MORE: Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan, says US journalist "The Palace handled it badly. Harry and Meghan were clearly unhappy," Low said. "Being born in the family should not be a life sentence - it was handled clumsily." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex moved to LA in March 2020 after a short stint in Canada. The couple then settled in Montecito, an affluent neighbourhood in Santa Barbara, California. Buckingham Palace confirmed in February 2021 that Harry and Meghan would not be returning to royal duties. “While all are saddened by their decision, the Duke and Duchess remain much loved members of the family,” the palace statement said at the time.