Chris Packham, 61, debuted last Tuesday night his new BBC programme Inside Our Autistic Minds, which received an “overwhelming” response from viewers. The Countryfile presenter took to Twitter shortly afterwards to acknowledge the support he has been receiving from fans in a video he said was “unprofessional” due to the quality of the sound. The TV star filmed himself speaking to the camera, adding the caption: “A short message following the broadcast of ‘Inside Our Autistic Minds’ earlier this week... sorry about the wind noise on the mic - very unprofessional. “2/10 Must try harder #insideourautisticminds.” In the video, Chris said: "Thank you. Thank you very much indeed. For me and on behalf of the entire team for all of the very kind messages that you sent following the broadcast of our programme this week.” He continued: "Our mission was to reach out to and on behalf of the community that sometimes don't get the help that they need and to read some of the comments that you have posted has been heartening. READ MORE: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies “I said in the programme if I could just change one person's life positively, then my job will be done and it appears that we have achieved that." Chris went on: “I don’t know what else to say, really. It’s been a bit overwhelming, so thank you.” The Springwatch presenter also took the opportunity to address rumours he is “burnt out”, branding the claims “nefarious”. He added that he did not know where they had stemmed from and that he had just taken “a few months off” to do a sculpture course. During his new BBC show, Chris was overcome with emotion as he read a moving letter from former BBC Radio 2 broadcaster Ken Bruce's non-verbal son, Murray. The presenter met up with Ken and Murray, 20, who has never spoken and communicates by typing on a tablet. After meeting the family, Chris asked Murray to come up with script ideas for his own film. While filming for Springwatch, Chris, who was diagnosed with Asperger's, took a moment to read his emails. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INTERVIEW]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [LATEST] As he read out the touching email from Murray, Chris admitted to shedding a tear. Chris began: "So I asked if you had all the world stage to speak for non-speaking autistic people, what would you say? "He's really listened to me. Take note as I am really speaking from my heart, I need you to please understand and open your minds." Chris paused for a moment before he continued: "Wow." The email went on: "Let me tell you what it was like for me before I could communicate through typing. "I was alone in my world of deep and troubled pining for a person to hear me. I would wonder if that day would ever come. "I was frustrated and pining for acknowledgement that I had thoughts and opinions and worries and no one could hear me." Inside Our Autistic Minds is streaming on BBC iPlayer.