David Haye appears to have confirmed that he’s in a ‘throuple’ relationship with Una Healy and Sian Osborne. The former two-weight world champion sent the pair a touching Valentine’s Day message on Tuesday accompanied by a picture of them all at the beach. The trio have been dogged by rumours that they are in a three-way relationship after sharing a series of cosy snaps together from a getaway to Morocco on New Year’s and recently jetted off for another holiday – this time to Costa Rica. Haye has remained fairly tight-lipped on his current relationship status but did briefly address the rumours while in attendance for Chris Eubank Jr and Liam Smith’s grudge match in Manchester last month. "I like to keep my private life private,” Haye told Pro Boxing Fans. “I let people in through my social media a little bit, but what I do behind closed doors is between me and the girls involved. So yeah, I don’t really want to go into all that.” And Haye has let fans in once again via social media as he uploaded a shirtless picture of himself posing with bikini-clad Una and Sian, with the caption: “Happy Valentine’s Day to the beautiful Queens in my life, making my world a better place to live in!” This comes after The Sun was told by a close friend of Haye and long-time partner Osborne that they had been searching for a second woman to join their relationship using the discreet dating app Raya. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury to make statement of intent before Paul Saudi fight - EXCLUSIVE Tommy Fury is sleeping in a separate room to Molly-Mae Usyk sets out conditions for Fury clash as crunch talk held in London “David and Sian created a profile on Raya to find the perfect partner to enter their relationship,” the source disclosed. “The app is very exclusive and discreet – which was perfect for them exploring their options. “David and Sian were very much in this arrangement together and after being together for two years decided to open their relationship up. The profile was under David’s name and there were photographs of him and Sian together and glamorous photographs of her from around the world. “As part of their profile they said they were ‘seeing what’s out there,’ and said they wanted to try ‘new experiences’. They spoke to a few people before being introduced to Una and they hit it off immediately.”