Former This Morning host Eamonn Holmes presents GB News' morning show alongside co-host Isabel Webster, and in the past few years, he has made his thoughts on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle clear. In a recent rant aimed at the Sussexes, the 63-year-old said Harry should "grow a pair". It came in the wake of the Duke of Sussex's revealing memoir, Spare, which has continued to make headlines since being released last month. One heavily debated recollection in Spare was that of a"physical assault" by Prince William on Harry. Eamonn fumed: "All this Will and Harry nonsense. Harry the Apache helicopter commander and talking about his brother slapping him in the face and he fell over a dog bowl and ripped his necklace off. "You just think, ‘Oh, grow a pair for God’s sake.’ I’m sure in one blow he could’ve killed him if he’d wanted." READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain He continued: "If one of my brothers were sounding off like that I know what would happen. "The phone would ring and it would be, ‘What are you doing? Sort yourself out, button your mouth, or else,’ and that would be it." It isn't the first strong criticism Eamonn has made about Prince Harry. Back in September, Eamonn was presenting on GB News with Isabel when she expressed hopes that Queen Elizabeth II's funeral might reunite the royal brothers. Eamonn sighed as his co-host talked and accused Meghan of displaying "crocodile tears" during the funeral. Detailing an alleged incident that took place in 2019, Harry explained his brother had called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive". Harry alleged the argument became more heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". He also claimed the altercation left him with a visible injury on his back due to him falling onto a dog's bowl and breaking it. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast host issues apology after Charlie puts co-star 'on spot' [VIDEO]Rescue dog Vespa steals the show with BBC Breakfast appearance [LATEST]David Jason's Still Open All Hours 'axed' by BBC [LATEST] At the time, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were living in Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace, a home known in the family as "Nott Cott". Harry alleged William wanted to talk about the "whole rolling catastrophe" of the couple's difficulties with the press. The two princes then purportedly started shouting at each other with Harry saying William was not being rational. Spare caused frenzy amongst the public and press because it was full of shocking claims, admissions and statements. It came shortly after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's tell-all Netflix documentary, Harry and Meghan. The programme saw the couple discuss how the late Queen Elizabeth II had "stayed quiet" during a fiery meeting between the then Prince Charles, Prince William and Harry. Harry recalled approaching his family to talk about the possibility of leaving his royal duties behind, explaining: "It was terrifying to have my brother scream and shout at me and my father say things that simply weren’t true." Breakfast airs daily from 6am on GB News.