The Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) is trialling a scheme that could see Universal Credit claimants at risk of losing more than £1,000 over three months. The pilot is currently running in four areas: Crawley in West Sussex, Pontefract in West Yorkshire, Partick in Glasgow and Coalville in Leicestershire. The current rule is that those claiming the benefit meet work coaches once a week for the first three months, then go down to every two weeks after that. However, the DWP is trialling an intensive two-week programme to try to get Universal Credit claimants who have been unemployed for more than three months back into the workforce. The new change will see claimants attending daily face-to-face appointments over a two-week period. These will occur at claimants' local Jobcentre sites and if anyone fails to attend, they will lose their monthly allowance of £334.91. READ MORE: Retirement: Over 55s could be sitting on £106,000 - but there's a catch Mr Stride confirmed that certain people on Universal Credit were exempt from the programme, including those who are waiting for work-capability assessments, those required to do less than 35 hours a week of work search activity and those already exempt from searching for jobs. He justified the pilot programme by saying: “Evidence shows that the longer a person is out of work the harder it is for them to return, and it is at this 13-week point that a claimant’s likelihood of securing employment begins to decrease. “This additional Jobcentre support will both improve claimants’ prospects of finding more work at a time of cost of living pressures and boost economic growth by helping more people move towards and enter the labour market.” Currently, there are 1.2 million unemployed people in Britain and a further nine million are not in work or are not looking for a job according to official statistics. READ MORE: Millions of households eligible for up to £250 free credit from energy providers  Since the pandemic, the amount of people who have retired early or are displaying "economic inactivity" has also grown. A DWP spokesperson said: “We are always looking at new and innovative ways to support people with different needs to find and succeed in employment. “In the first half of 2022 we supported half a million benefit claimants into work and our recent changes to Universal Credit will build on this by providing hundreds of thousands more with intensive support to get better-paid work and boost long-term prospects.” Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will look at how the "welfare system is operating" to ask who can be incentivised to enter the workforce. Universal Credit claimants could qualify for the £900 cost of living boost. The new £900 cash boost for over eight million eligible means-tested benefits claimants, including those on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits. It will start in Spring and will go directly to bank accounts in three payments over the course of the financial year. Exact payment windows and qualifying periods for eligibility will be announced in due course, but are designed to ensure a consistent support offer throughout the year. Payment windows will be broadly as follows:£301 – First 2023/24 Cost of Living Payment – during Spring 2023£150 – 2023 Disability Payment – during Summer 2023£300 – Second 2023/24 Cost of Living Payment – during Autumn 2023£300 – 2023 Pensioner Payment – during Winter 2023/4£299 – Third 2023/24 Cost of Living Payment – during Spring 2024