Electric vehicles (EVs) are on course to only represent a small proportion of the total European car fleet by the end of the decade, new research from OC&C Strategy Consultants has found. This puts pressure on the industry to increase sales in order to reach sustainability targets. The Forecourts of the Future report revealed that despite recent growth in EV sales across Europe, at the current rate it is expected that EVs will only represent 10 percent of the car fleet in Spain and Italy by 2030, with this figure reaching 20 percent in France and 27 percent in the UK. Norway is expected to lead the region with EVs representing 65 percent of the total car fleet by the end of the decade. With the EU recently announcing that the sale of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned from 2035, these figures demonstrate that more must be done to spur quicker EV adoption and infrastructure development. This is despite significant growth in EV sales between 2016 to 2021, with the report revealing that EV registrations increased by 77 percent in the UK, 101 percent in Germany and a region-leading 117 percent in Italy during that time. READ MORE: EV driver left furious after spending £60,000 on a BMW i4 with a fault OC&C Strategy Consultants predict that UK EV sales will grow 36 percent per annum from 2021 to 2026, while in Spain they will grow by 52 percent. Leading the region is Denmark and the Netherlands, where it is expected that EVs will account for 100 percent of new car sales in 2030. However, despite this impressive European growth, EVs have a long way to go before they take a significant market share from Internal Combustion Engines (ICE) across the continent. Matt Wills, Partner at OC&C Strategy Consultants, said: “Despite impressive recent sales figures, considerable growth in ownership is needed for EVs to become dominant on European roads. DON'T MISS Electric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [ADVICE] De-icing cars can be made easier by using cooking spray and sanitiser [INSIGHT] 'Unfair' parking fines are 'another reason' not to chose EVs [REVEAL] "Government proposals to increase the taxation of EVs, as set out in the Autumn Statement, will inevitably hinder uptake and delay the decarbonisation of UK consumer vehicles. "The shift towards EVs needs effective roll out of large numbers of charging points to change consumer perceptions, with full government support. "With new decarbonisation regulations on the horizon in Europe, we are on new ground for the electrification of national car fleets. "The automotive industry is about to experience profound change and businesses that adapt now will be best placed to take advantage of the incoming opportunities.” READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year Charging infrastructure across the continent needs to respond accordingly to adapt and upgrade to handle the expected growth and facilitate further expansion of EV uptake. According to OC&C Strategy Consultants, European charging infrastructure will increase by over 50 percent by 2030, a much-needed uptick, but still a greater roll-out is required. Demand for every type of charging location - “at home”, “at work”, “on street”, “at destination” and “on route” - will grow to accommodate increasing EV adoption. It is expected that the share of home charging, currently representing 60 percent , will decline in favour of “at work”, “on street” and “at destination” charging.