ISAs, or Individual Savings Accounts as they are formally known, are considered good ways to save in a tax-efficient way. Today, interactive investor shared its annual ISA millionaires data, with surprising results. The analysis showed a total of 852 millionaires on the platform as of January 31, 2023. Despite the decrease from the 983 recorded at the same time last year, the figure remains significantly above the 731 recorded at the beginning of 2021. But what are the key contributing factors to the success of these ISA millionaires? The organisation itself attributes this to their pricing structure with a flat monthly fee on their platform, allowing customers to keep more of their own money. READ MORE: Pensioners warned about downsizing after interest rates hit 4% However, looking elsewhere, there may be other attributes to consider for ISA success. The average age of an interactive investor ISA millionaire is 73, compared to an average age of 56 for the overall ISA cohort. This highlights the importance of patience in investing and saving, as these millionaires did not achieve their wealth overnight. The research also showed ISA millionaires are almost as likely to be tax year early birds as they are to join the last-minute ISA rush. However, as the tax year end approaches, many may want to step up the amount they are placing into their ISA. READ MORE: 'I'm a pension expert and here's a tip to avoid 55% pension tax' The current annual limit is £20,000 per tax year, offering flexibility to those who want to save or invest. Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, said: “The early bird gets the bigger worm it seems when it comes to ISA investments – that’s because more of your assets are working for you for longer. “There will be inevitable market timing risk, and that’s why a long-term view is crucial. But it seems to be working for ISA millionaires.” The organisation stated many ISA millionaires started out with Personal Equity Plans (PEPs), long before ISAs were as popular as they are today. According to Dzmitry Lipski, head of funds research at interactive investor, this shows long-term wealth creation is about “discipline and process”. As a result, he pointed towards Government tax wrappers as something which should be utilised, even if a person is not aiming for a lofty millionaire status. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But Mr Lipski also suggested a move away from cash might yield the best results for those hopeful of a significant return. He added: “ISA millionaires only have an average of five percent cash in their portfolios compared to 10 percent across all ISA accounts, so they are putting more of their money to work. Long term, this can help avoid cash drag. “While it’s inspiring to look at how the very wealthiest have got there, it’s also important to consider your risk profile and individual circumstances.” Investment means capital is at risk, and Britons should always be aware they could get back less than they originally put in. Those who are looking to become ISA millionaires and build wealth could learn lessons from those who have already reached this level. Paramount to success is being patient, choosing an appropriate platform for one’s circumstances, and sticking to a long-term investment strategy. Some Britons may wish to seek advice for their specific needs from an independent financial adviser.