The award-winning actress, 56, blamed the likes of Instagram for making us “obsessed” with getting old and viewing it as a “crime”. Instead, Ms Bonham Carter believes we need to “change our societal rules” so we see being in our 60s as our “prime”. The star said she “may be less aesthetically pleasing” compared to when she was younger, but is “miles happier” at her age. In new ITV show Nolly, Bonham Carter has the title role playing Noele ‘Nolly’ Gordon - the beloved star of Crossroads, who was axed in her early 60s. Speaking to BBC Woman’s Hour, Bonham said: “It would be great if we could change our societal rules and say ‘come on, we’re in our prime in our 60s, we’ve got everything and we’re coming into our power’.” She also said: “Every single magazine, Instagram, anything, it’s all about thou shalt not age. It’s a dirty word, ageing. “I think we’re all obsessed with it, it’s sort of pathological. It’s almost a crime - the shame attached.” But she is adamant she is happier now. “At the end of the day, you can get really obsessed”, she said. “We can’t actually control what we look like but we think we can and in fact there’s so much else we should worry about. “I’m definitely the cliche of saying I’m miles happier than I was when I was younger. I don’t ever want to go back there. “My envelope may be less strictly aesthetically pleasing but on the inside I’m much more interesting and dynamic - and I think attractive.” Ms Bonham Carter believes her career has so far not been impacted by ageing, and says the industry is improving. “So far it’s going well”, Ms Bonham Carter said of her career. “The fact I got Nolly I was thinking ‘god, I’m so lucky at my age to get this part’ which is frankly one of the best parts I’ve been offered and at my age. “Then part of me thought ‘how sad that I even have to apologise for my age’. “It’s getting better, it is getting better. “For one, I think it’s getting better for everyone because of the amount of streaming services - it’s the age of telly isn’t it? All these things are being made.”