Liverpool and Arsenal could be among the teams to take advantage of Chelsea’s reported decision to sell off six of their top stars. Mateo Kovacic, Christian Pulisic, Conor Gallagher, Kalidou Koulibaly, Callum Hudson Odoi and Pierre Emerick Aubameyang could all be on the move piquing the interest of clubs from across the Premier League. Chelsea have been busy in the transfer market over the last six months with no fewer than 16 new players arriving at a cost of around £547million. While loan signings Joao Felix and Denis Zakaria could depart at the end of their deals the squad is only likely to get bigger with the likes of Hudson-Odoi and Romelu Lukaku returning and the already agreed arrival of Christopher Nkunku. Reports also suggest the Blues are set to be busy in the transfer market again this summer meaning the squad is only likely to get bigger increasing the need to move players out. The Guardian reports that Kovacic, Pulisic, Gallagher, Koulibaly, Hudson-Odoi and Emerick Aubameyang will all be up for sale as Graham Potter looks to trim his squad. The news may put clubs from within England on high alert as they look to take advantage of the opportunity to add to their squads. Arsenal have already been credited with an interest in Hudson-Odoi as Mikel Arteta looks to pounce. JUST IN: Enzo Fernandez 'threatened Benfica' despite gentleman's agreement The news will also be a blessing for Liverpool with the club in desperate need for reinforcements in midfield. Kovacic would be a perfect fit with the Croatian more than capable of fitting into Jurgen Klopp’s workman-like trio while adding impressive technical quality. Gallagher is another player who could come under consideration from the Reds however he is more likely to find himself at another Premier League club instead. Everton, West Ham and Crystal Palace are all interested however it is Newcastle United who are likely to hold the advantage. The Magpies were hopeful of signing the England international in January but he was too pricey yet they could still return in the summer less hamstrung by FFP regulations and with the potential carrot of Champions League football. DON'T MISS...Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fearChelsea's mad transfer turnaround from no money for team bus petrolLiverpool shown what their missing in damaging transfer blunder Pulisic has also been linked with a move to St James’ Park in the past while Manchester United have also monitored him before but it is likely both teams will move on to other targets instead. As a result, the American may join Koulibaly and Aubameyang in seeking a transfer abroad instead. It remains to be seen how Chelsea’s transfer plans will play out but clubs from across England are likely to watch the situation with interest.