On Monday, The View returned to ABC for another episode of the hit talk show. This time as the women reflected on the Super Bowl, Sara Haines threw jibes at Michael Strahan for his Super Bowl 2023 dance moves.   During the episode of The View, Whoopi Goldberg was joined by her co-hosts Sara Haines, Ana Navarro, Alyssa Farah Griffin and Sunny Hostin. The panellists reflected on Sunday’s annual Super Bowl LVII, as well as Rihanna’s epic return to the stage with her halftime performance. Their conversation then took a “non-sports related” turn as Alyssa mentioned Good Morning America host, Michael. While Sara praised Troy Kotsur for signing the national anthem in ASL, Alyssa chimed: “And actually Michael Strahan dancing throughout was hilarious.” READ MORE: Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'  However, this wasn’t the case for Sara as she responded: “No Michael Strahan needs to bring that down a notch. “He struggles a little sometimes,” she added to which Sunny agreed: “He does, that’s true.” Sara added: “He leans into the awkward,” before Sunny interrupted: “He was having a very good time.” This came after Michael sat down with Rihanna before she took to the stage at the Super Bowl.     During their interview, the former NFL star told the singer: “When I heard you were doing the Super Bowl, I was like, okay, you're gonna be at halftime, I get a front-row seat.” Before offering to be her backup singer, Michael danced while belting his rendition of Rihanna’s 2016 hit single, Needed Me. He was also brutally mocked by the 34-year-old, who was taken aback by his offer. As she laughed and asked: “You?” Michael responded: “Yeah, well, that was a rehearsal,” before waving his arms and singing again. DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [INSIGHT]The View’s Whoopi Goldberg slammed by fans for chewing while on air [REACTION]Goldberg pretends to cry amid Joy Behar revelation [INSIGHT[  To which Rihanna admitted: “It wasn’t terrible, I’ve heard worse.” Michael also took to social media to show his excitement for the Super Bowl as he showed off his custom-made suit. While the three-piece looked like an unassuming blue plaid suit, the GMA host revealed the inside was lined with the Fox NFL logo. In the caption of the Instagram post, he shared: “We know everyone is watching @nflonfox Super Bowl pregame show RIGHT NOW! Did you know the guys are all wearing custom Michael Strahan suits?!” (sic)    Elsewhere during The View, Whoopi revealed she was forced to “switch off” the Super Bowl as she took aim at the “awful turf.” Speaking to her co-hosts, she complained: “That field was so awful. “I have to tell you, I was watching and watching and I couldn't watch anymore because I was concerned people were slipping.” “I don't know what the hell they did to that field but it was awful, I'm saying it and I know you don't care but I care.” 