Beyond Paradise will continue the love story of DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) as they settle into a quieter life in Devon. After relocating from Saint Marie to London, the couple decided to move in with Martha's mother while they save to buy their own home. The first episode, which airs tonight, shows Humphrey making his mark in the local police force. The series will see a string of familiar faces working with the untidy DI as they get used to his unusual crime-solving methods. One person who struggles to adjust to Humphrey is his new DS, Esther Williams (Zahra Ahmadi). Esther first meets Humphrey after he accidentally ends up in a tree following a hand-gliding lesson. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale Although, this gives the detective the opportunity to meet his colleagues as he gets to work solving his first crime. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Kris Marshall discussed what it was like working alongside Zahra for the first time. "I didn't know Zahra," the actor admitted before adding: "I'd worked with her briefly once before. "But then episode one is the first time we worked together, so it worked. "And then as we sort of progressed through the series." Paying a tribute to his co-star, the Humphrey Goodman star said: "She's a wonderful person, she is a great actress, and she's very Plymouth. "She out of the main cast is the only person who was actually from Devon. "I am from Somerset which is close, but she is actually from Devon and has a bonafide Plymouth accent so that was a real touchstone for us." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [INSIGHT]Steve Allen quits LBC after 44 years [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXCLUSIVE] "You know, that was a real like foundation for us," he added. "We were kind of working in her manner, so she really looked after us actually." The other actors making their debut in Beyond Paradise are Dylan Llewellyn, who plays police constable Kelby Hartford. Felicity Montagu has taken on the role of office support Margo Martins, while Barbara Flynn plays Marth's mother, Anne Lloyd. A lot of Beyond Paradise was filmed in the South West, including areas of Devon and Cornwall. However, there could be a crossover between Death in Paradise and its spin-off. Executive producer, Tim Key hinted: "There is nothing I can say, it did look like Humphrey was somewhere in the promo, you'll just have to watch." Beyond Paradise airs on Friday at 8pm on BBC One.