The Northern Irish star appeared on the American talk show last week to promote his 100th film Marlowe, but he was left looking visibly awkward as the interview took an unexpected turn. The segment mostly focused on host Joy Behar's penchant for the 70-year-old actor and he was shown a montage of her expressing her adoration for him.  Within the montage, Joy said: "I would just like to have my ashes sprinkled over Liam Neeson." Referring to his role in the blockbuster film Taken, her co-hosts quipped: "Joy wants to get taken by you." Joy even joked about being aroused by his films, but while the audience laughed, Liam looked rather serious. He told Rolling Stone in the wake of his The View appearance: "I was in the dressing room drinking a cup of tea, turned the TV up, and I thought, oh, this will be great.  READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue "They're talking about gun violence in America, and I agree that it's an American problem. "I go onstage and join the ladies during the break, and I was congratulating them on this discussion. "And then our segment starts, and it's just all this BS with Joy and Liam Neeson and having a crush, and I've known Whoopi [Goldberg] for years and Joy a little bit, but I just wasn't impressed. "I'm uncomfortable in those situations, you know?"  The producers of The View shared the awkward clip on Twitter after the interview had aired. Despite the criticism of The View, he said he managed to have an "intelligent conversation" with host Sunny Hostin following the cringeworthy segment. His latest movie Marlowe is about detective Phillip Marlowe who becomes embroiled in an investigation with a rich family in California after an attractive woman hires him to find her former lover. Liam is also starring in a thriller called The Riker's Ghost where he is portraying a convict set for release who is forced to break a terrorist out of prison. DON'T MISS...The View host calls for help days after Goldberg's 'awkward' outburst [LATEST] Goldberg admits she 'switched off' Super Bowl in huge rant [INSIGHT]The View’s Whoopi Goldberg slammed by fans for chewing while on air [REATION] Deadline has reported filming is set to begin in September and it is being produced by Alan Moloney. Alan told Daily Mail: "I am thrilled to be joining forces again with Neil [Jordan] and Liam. "We have put together an elite team to support Neil's scripted and directorial vision." "This one will have you on the edge of your seat," he promised.  Neil said the upcoming movie is a unique take on the prison escape. He shared: "[It's] a bare-knuckle ride from incarceration to freedom, by someone who just wants to finish his term. "The reluctant escapee will be played by Liam Neeson, and I can't wait to explore this character with him." The View airs on weekdays at 11am ET on ABC. 