Erik ten Hag could be without at least seven first-team players when Manchester United travel to face Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Thursday. And a fresh blow ahead of the mouth-watering Europa League knockout play-off clash has come to light, adding to his selection headache. Ten Hag will be without Lisandro Martinez for the first leg after the Argentine centre-back picked up three yellow cards in the group stage. They came controversially, with the first from a questionable penalty decision in the opening 1-0 defeat against Real Sociedad, ultimately costing United top spot in Group E on goals conceded. The second was from an 87th-minute tackle in the 3-2 win at Omonia Nicosia, and the third was in the reverse fixture against La Real, widely considered another soft decision in a 1-0 triumph that wasn't enough to top the group. Marcel Sabitzer, loaned in January to replace the injured Christian Eriksen, has piled on Ten Hag's availability frustrations. He isn't in contention for the first leg in Catalonia due to his Champions League suspension carrying over into the Europa League. JUST IN: Leeds 'snub Alfred Schreuder' despite Man Utd visit  The Austrian midfielder was handed three yellow cards while playing for Bayern Munich in the group stage. And as per UEFA rule 52.03, he must serve a one-game ban at the Nou Camp but will be available for next week's second leg at Old Trafford. Casemiro, who has served two of three games of his domestic suspension, will be available to return to the team, likely pairing with Fred. But Ten Hag's lack of established midfield options is concerning, with Eriksen, Donny van de Beek, and Scott McTominay injured. It should present a chance for young duo Kobbie Mainoo and Zidane Iqbal to feature on the bench in Spain. DON'T MISS VAR chief axed for Liverpool and Arsenal games ahead of meetingVAR ref for Arsenal vs Man City had a howler as bad as Mason's errorChelsea icon Terry hits back at Potter theory in ruthless response Ahead of Sunday's 2-0 win at Leeds, Ten Hag admitted that Antony and Anthony Martial were also doubtful to return in time for the Barcelona trip. Xavi has injury problems of his own and is set to be without Sergio Busquets and Ousmane Dembele on Thursday. But Barcelona have turned a corner under his guidance, sitting 11 points clear of Real Madrid at the La Liga summit amid a 16-game unbeaten run, winning 15. So United would do well to keep things level heading into the second leg in M16, especially with several names missing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here