Max Verstappen seemed satisfied as he gave fans a positive update following his first drive in the new RB19 car. On the back of a dominant Red Bull campaign in 2022, Verstappen will start as favourite to win a third successive drivers' title this year, despite the threat posed by the pace of Ferrari and a seemingly resurgent Mercedes. Christian Horner's team officially launched their new model in New York earlier this month, although fans were left claiming they were short-changed with cars on display actually last year's RB18, with only the livery changed. This tactic is a regular one with Constructors' champions, in order to avoid revealing their hand to rivals too early. After being found guilty of breaching the budget cap in 2021, the team have also been dealt with a £6 million fine and more significantly, a 10% reduction in wind tunnel time. Horner has voiced concerns over how the latter penalty will limit their development, although Verstappen doesn't believe the sanctions will affect his title chances. This week though, Verstappen and Sergio Perez have had their first chance to drive the new vehicles. And the 25-year-old seemed positive afterwards when he updated fans on Thursday as to how things went.JUST IN: Christian Horner backs FIA chief Ben Sulayem over new F1 rule that affects Lewis Hamilton Via a video on the Red Bull Twitter account, he told fans: "So I've just driven the RB19 for the first time. Of course it's a filming day but yeah, a first good impression. Everything worked really well, everything worked really smooth and that's exactly what you want from a day like this." All teams will now head to Bahrain for testing from February 23-25, before the Sakhir circuit hosts the opening Grand Prix of the new season over the weekend of March 3-5. It was a venue where both Verstappen and Perez had to retire from last season, but the Dutchman added: "And now of course, I'm excited to go to Bahrain." DON'T MISS:F1 pundit Johnny Herbert 'snubbed by Channel 4 and BBC' after Sky Sports axeLando Norris has work to do as F1 fans back McLaren chief's Fernando Alonso commentsF1 fans want FIA's Ben Sulayem axed as new rule that affects Lewis Hamilton criticised His positive outlook was not lost on fans, with @Navya_0404 tweeting: "He already has the glow of a three time world champion." @Yikes1_33 added: "Things we love to hear. Can't wait for the first session in Bahrain."