Jose Mourinho has reportedly taken a brutal approach towards Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo removing the wantaway midfielder’s name and photos from the dressing room. The Italian international was linked with a move to the Premier League throughout the transfer window, but it was not forthcoming, with Leeds United said to have two bids rejected on deadline day. Zaniolo has been hoping to leave Roma for some time after being linked with a host of clubs throughout Europe. He refused to train or play with the team in the final days of the window as he tried to force through a move, but the Serie A side would not budge on his asking price. Leeds, AC Milan and Everton all failed with bids to sign him as only Bournemouth met his asking price of £26.4million, a club Zaniolo had no interest in joining. He is not expected to play for the side again this season with a transfer highly likely in the summer as he enters the final year of his contract. The situation for the 23-year-old at Roma is set to get worse in the coming weeks too with Italian publication La Repubblica reporting that he is ‘no longer welcome’ at the club. His name and photos have been removed from the dressing room with the relationship between the player, club and manager now ‘truly irreparable’. The midfielder has been left at a crossroads and is considering suing his club over his treatment. Lawyers have been contacted as Zaniolo’s family are prepared to accuse Roma of mobbing and putting psychological pressure on him. Mourinho has been unafraid to show his disdain for his wantaway star in recent weeks suggesting it was ‘unfortunate’ that he would be staying with the club until the end of the season. DON'T MISS...Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fearChelsea's mad transfer turnaround from no money for team bus petrolLiverpool shown what their missing in damaging transfer blunder "Unfortunately it looks like I was right," he told reporters in January when asked about the player staying on. "I say unfortunately because for a month the player has been saying that he wants to go. "When a player says to the coach, club and teammates: 'I don't want to play for Roma, I don't want to wear the Roma shirt, I don't want to train with my teammates'... I want happy players who allow other players to be happy. He is not available, he is not part of the project." It remains to be seen how the situation will play out over the rest of the year but the signs do not look promising for Zaniolo.