Manchester United legend Dwight Yorke claims Marcus Rashford is the only current player who would make the squad from the club's treble-winning season. However, he says there would only be a place on the bench for the Englishman. Yorke played 51 games for United in the historic 1998/99 campaign. Sir Alex Ferguson led the Red Devils to Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League glory. They remain the only side to have won all three competitions in the same season. Yorke was a key part of that, scoring 29 times - his most successful season in front of goal for the club. Rashford has enjoyed a fine return to form in recent months. He scored his 20th goal of the season in Wednesday's 2-2 draw with Leeds. READ MORE: Man Utd's Greenwood has problem even if club approve return to Ten Hag's team  Yorke believes he would deserve a spot in the squad in one of United's greatest ever sides. However, he would have to settle for a role off the bench as he would not start over Yorke himself or strike partner Andy Cole. He told OLBG: "Most players I played with would get into this current Manchester United team, but no player would make it into my 99 team. Even Marcus Rashford would have no chance, he would not get in over the likes Ryan Giggs and David Beckham, no chance. "We were treble winners, you don't become treble winners if you're not proper players. Rashford would have to sit on the bench behind me and Andy Cole. "Marcus Rashford still has the potential to be that quality of player to play in my treble team, I've said for the last two years that he's the best Manchester United player by a mile. In terms of natural ability, he is top draw." DON'T MISSMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawChelsea boss Potter warned he needs to meet two targets to avoid sackAubameyang's Chelsea nightmare: Arsenal taunts, Barcelona snub, Potter 'shock'  United have seen clear improvement this season under Erik ten Hag. However, it is so far not enough to convince Yorke any other player would break into that famous squad. Casemiro has been a stand-out player for United in his debut campaign but doesn't get a mention from Yorke. The Brazilian was absent for the match with Leeds due to suspension and his absence was felt. The only other game United haven't won since the World Cup was against Arsenal, when Casemiro was also suspended. The five-time Champions League winner will miss the next two domestic games as he sees out his current ban.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here