Former NFL and UFC star Greg Hardy was brutally knocked out on Friday night after making his bark knuckle boxing debut. Hardy signed with BKFC after his UFC career came to an end after three KO defeats... and that's exactly how Friday night's fight went. Hardy came up against Josh Watson and was the heavy favourite to win, but was hit with a huge left hook in the second round after also being wobbled in the first. Hardy made an explosive start to his fighting career, winning his first three fights before signing with the UFC. But his first bout would be a sign of what was to come, as he was disquaified after an illegal knee to a downed opponent. Two more wins came before he was disqualified from another bout when he used an inhaler inbetween rounds. And following KO defeats to Marcin Tybura, Tai Tuivasa and Sergei Spivak, Hardy was released. He became the latest UFC star to join BKFC, with Paige VanZant, Rachael Ostovich, Mike Perry and Chad Mendes moving over to the sport in recent years, all coming with mixed success for their crossovers. Hardy will likely remain in the sport though, after signing a multi-fight deal with the promotion and could look to avenge his loss. It comes after the former UFC heavyweight fought in two boxing bouts - winning both with one coming against Hasim Rahman Jr. Hardy had been one of the better pass-rushers in the NFL in the six years he had been in the sport, registering 40 sacks int hat time, but was forced to walk away after a number of controversies. In 2014, he was arrested and found guilty of assaulting his ex-girlfriend. However, he later appealed and charges were dropped when his victim failed to appear to testify. This incident saw him cut from the Panthers, before he later joined the Dallas Cowboys on a one-year deal.  He then attempted to play arena league football, but ultimately chose to transition to MMA, where he did have impressive moments in his time. He retired with a winning record of 7-5, defeating Maurice Green, Yorgan De Castro, Juan Adams, Dmitry Smolyakov and Rasheem Jones on the way.