Benidorm, Alicante and Majorca might be some of Britain’s favourite destinations in Spain, but are they the cheapest? Using Skyscanner, I searched for the cheapest flights to Spanish hotspots from the UK. I’ve chosen to focus on March, April and May, when temperatures start to heat up but before the peak summer season. I used Skyscanner’s whole month search. Valencia came in as the cheapest destination in Spain to fly to from the UK for a March holiday. At £18 return from London to Valencia, a holiday to the coastal city costs less than filling the average car tank with petrol. Spain’s third largest city, March is an extra special time to visit Valencia, as it’s when the famous Fallas festival takes place. During the unique festival, residents take to the streets with colourful monuments which are then burned in the city centre. This year’s festival runs from March 1 to March 19. READ MORE: UK’s top staycation destination has ‘Med worthy beaches’ In April, the southern city of Malaga topped the rankings with return flights at just £25 from London and £31 from Bristol. Britons can also get return flights to Malaga from £44 at Liverpool or £47 from Birmingham and Bournemouth. While it can reach a comfortable 21 degrees in Malaga in April, tourists might prefer to explore the city than sit on the beach. Luckily, Malaga has plenty of attractions to discover from the medieval Alcazaba palace and the Picasso Museum to the huge city cathedral. Malaga was the cheapest destination in May too, and I was able to find return flights from just £26. However, Palma on the island of Majorca was close behind with return flights available from London for £31, £45 from Bournemouth and £50 from Glasgow. The capital of Majorca, tourists can either base themselves in Palma or head out to one of the island’s smaller villages. In the city, tourists can pick up tasty local treats at the San Juan Mercado Gastronomico or wander its Old Town streets. READ MORE: Best city in Europe for Britons is ‘charming’ and ‘very affordable’ It might not be the cheapest to fly to, but Benidorm holds a special place in many Britons’ hearts and was the third most visited destination in Spain in 2022. The famous resort town doesn’t have its own airport, so I looked at flights to Alicante to find the cheapest month. In March, Britons can pick up a £28 return trip from London to Alicante, £33 returns from Manchester with Liverpool, Glasgow and Bristol all coming in at less than £40 for a return. It’s still a bargain in April, with £31 returns from London, £34 from Manchester, £41 from Bristol and flights at £50 or lower from Bristol, Liverpool, Newquay and Nottingham. In May, I managed to find return flights to Alicante for under £45 from London and under £60 from Manchester, Bournemouth, Bristol and Liverpool.  Although temperatures can reach as high as 18 degrees in Benidorm in May, it’s not quite beach weather. But there’s no need to worry as Benidorm Tourism Office shared some exciting winter activity plans with me. A spokesperson said: “In the winter months, you can visit the Old Town with its pedestrian streets of shops and tapas restaurants. “You can go shopping at any of the two weekly markets in Benidorm that are on Wednesdays and Sundays.” The team also recommends heading to the end of Levante Beach to take a walk in the park and admire views of the city. All flight prices correct at the time of writing and found on Skyscanner. 