Whatever one thinks of Nicola Sturgeon, she was a towering - if somewhat divisive - figure in Scottish politics, and one whose shoes will be hard to fill. Even before her resignation, Labour's support in Scotland was surging while the SNP's was collapsing, and with it support for Scottish independence. Little wonder Sir Keir can now confidently predict no deal with the SNP. The Labour leader had also previously ruled out an even informal post-election deal with the Lib Dems, although such a pact would hardly have the toxicity of a deal with the Scottish Nationalists.To be fair to Sir Keir, so horrific has the collapse in support for the Conservatives been that his party looks increasingly likely to win an outright majority at the next election, putting an end to more than a decade of Tory rule. Moreover, a Labour majority would likely end any hopes for voting reform.Despite the Labour leader's assurances, it always seemed hard to believe that - if all Labour needed was a deal with the Lib Dems to form the next government - that the former would cut its nose off to spite its face. In such an instance the Lib Dems would almost certainly request a referendum on changing the voting system from first-past-the-post system to proportional representation (PR) as a condition for any deal, a change now supported by a majority of the public, as well as many Labour Party members. That said, Labour might still hold a referendum - even without Lib Dem pressure - since a shift to PR would be the best way of locking out majority Tory rule almost indefinitely, likely securing a future for Labour as the leading party in successive centre-left coalitions. But, for now, the big story in town is the collapse in Tory support, with Labour positioning itself as the party of business, defence and the Union. For Brexiteers and Conservatives out in the country, there will be fears over backsliding on Brexit, immigration, and law and order. Of course, the Tory record in these areas has been little short of catastrophic, and at least the charge of hypocrisy cannot be levelled against the Labour Party. As this shift takes place, the Labour leader is confidently telling SNP supporters that power will shift away from London on his watch. While a softer stance on Brexit could harm Labour's chances of winning back 'Red Wall' seats from the Tories, it seems likely that Richard Tice's Reform UK will be the big beneficiary of a collapse in Tory support there. Indeed, it seems that genuine Conservatives in the country would be better off backing Reform UK to get their voices heard rather than sticking with an enfeebled Conservative Party. As of now, the Tories have a mountain to climb, with voters unlikely to forget its failures to deliver on multiple promises - both on the left and the right, from housing to border control. Crucially though, just as the UK shifts leftwards, polling suggests its biggest ally could be about to shift to the right. If the US Democrats stick with Joe Biden as their candidate for President in 2024 data suggests he would lose against Florida Governor, Ron DeSantis, widely tipped to be the Republican candidate. According to polling from the Club for Growth, Mr DeSantis now has a three percent lead. A Suffolk University study and a Marquette Law School also showed Mr DeSantis beating Mr Biden. This could have big implications for the UK-US relationship, especially over Ukraine and Taiwan, should the UK be led by a Labour Prime Minister, and the US by a Republican President, especially as Mr DeSantis recently appeared to criticise the Biden administration's "blank check policy" on Ukraine. Mr DeSantis is however seen as something of a hawk on China. If he wins, how might the 'Special Relationship' evolve, especially if the UK is to be led by a Labour government for the foreseeable future? As the world navigates a rocky road ahead - while the UK navigates its post-Brexit future - it appears the Tories have succeeded in relegating themselves to the wilderness. Thanks to the Conservatives' failures, it will likely now be Labour which gets to reshape Britain.