Universal Credit is a benefit designed to help people with their living costs, which could be a struggle particularly in the ongoing cost of living crisis. People may be eligible if they are on a low income, out of work, or unable to work. To claim, Britons will need to meet all of the following criteria: Universal Credit mainly takes into account a person’s expenses and income to decide the rate they will receive. The sum is based on a person’s circumstances each month, known as their assessment period. The monthly standard allowance for single people under 25 is currently £265.31, and £334.91 for single people aged 25 and over. READ MORE: State pensioners could get £3,300 annual boost If a person lives with their partner and they are both under 25, the monthly allowance is £416.45 for them both. Couples living together where one or both are 25 or over could be entitled to £525.72 per month at present. Some may get more on top of their standard allowance if they are eligible. However, people should be aware their earnings could impact their payments. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges Jeremy Hunt to postpone cuts to energy bill help [INSIGHT]Pensioners join forces to stop thousands receiving ‘poverty pension’ [UPDATE]500,000 pensioners set to miss out on boost as policy slammed [LATEST] The Government website explains: “If you or your partner are employed, how much Universal Credit you get will depend on how much you earn. “Your Universal Credit payment will reduce as you earn more. “For every £1 you or your partner earns your payment goes down by 55p.” There is no limit to how many hours a person can work, and Universal Credit will not stop if the individual works more than 16 hours a week. READ MORE: Banks offerings ‘excellent’ savings interest rate of 4% If a person earns enough to no longer claim Universal Credit, they can expect their payment to be stopped. Individuals will be told when this happens, but if their income subsequently decreases, they will be able to claim again. Universal Credit could therefore offer vital support to those with limited levels of savings. If a person wishes to work out how much they might be entitled to, they can use a benefits calculator. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea These independent, free and anonymous tools help people check their entitlement. It gives an estimate of: Turn2Us, Policy in Practice and entitledto all offer a benefits calculator, or Britons could speak to a local benefits adviser to find out more. People will need to provide accurate information about: