Crown Princess Mary of Denmark stepped out today for the opening session of the India-Denmark: Partners for Green and Sustainable Progress. The Crown Princess also visited the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in New Delhi. For this event, Mary wore her Etro reversible patterned coat that costs a whopping £1,669. The description says: "Reversible coat from Etro. Two slip pockets at the front. One side is decorated with a signature paisley pattern. "Reversible side features a black and white motif of dots." The 51-year-old has only worn this patterned reversible coat with fuchsia trims once before.  This was in April 2018, meaning that the coat has not been seen in nearly five years. Mary accessorised with her Ole Lynggaard "Leaves large ring" in 18K yellow gold. This ring costs an outstanding £4,200, making it one of her most expensive pieces of jewellery. The description says: "Designed by Charlotte Lynggaard, the Leaves ring is crafted from Sterling 18 karat yellow gold.  "Using several different techniques and tools, master goldsmiths sculpt and finish the surfaces of the ring by hand. Part of the Leaves Collection." The Crown Princess first stepped out wearing the ring in 2015, eight years ago. Similarly to her coat, Mary also has not worn this ring since 2018, making today the first time she has worn the jewel in five years. The mother of four could also be seen carrying her Carlend Copenhagen "Vanessa crocodile clutch in pink". READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  Mary was first seen with this flap crocodile clutch in 2014, which was nine years ago. She carries it fairly regularly, having been seen with it as recently as December 2022. Mary appeared to be wearing a simple black blouse and wide-length black trousers with her Etro coat today. She also accessorised with simple gold hoop earrings and a very long necklace featuring beads, pearls and tassels. Instagram user @teri_dost wrote: "I love that coat... but I am not a fan of those trousers with it." Similarly, @rachelhlhannam commented: "Narrow-legged trousers would have looked better. She looks a little swamped. Love that she’s repeating everything though."  However, @isabelq42 added: "Gorgeous and so chic! Love the duster jacket. It is perfect with the monochrome black underneath. "I love how she takes risks as a modern royal woman. I'll say it again... so chic!"