TikTok user Rene Strgar is the founder of Rene’s Pizza Place, a Neapolitan-inspired pop-up restaurant in London. The pizza chef is an expert when it comes to sourdough and pizza ovens, but has discovered a way for home ovens to achieve an incredible authentic pizza. Rene has figured out how to cook restaurant-quality pizzas in order to instantly take your homemade pizzas to the next level. The best way to cook an authentic Neapolitan pizza is to put the oven at a high temperature and make sure the pizza is only in the oven for a few minutes. Rene recommends preheating your oven to its highest temperature, which should be around 250 celsius (480 fahrenheit) or more, and preheating the oven for at least 45 minutes. Rene explained that “Neapolitan pizza needs to be baked at a high temperature very quickly.” After you stretch your pizza dough, which can be store-bought but will have better results if homemade, Rene has said to put sauce on it first before it begins to cook in the oven. Then, the pizza should only be in the oven for around two to three minutes. Rene has said the perfect time to take the pizza out of the oven is when it is “half nicely cooked” and the edges of the pizza begin to pop up. After it is out of the oven, place your toppings and put it back in the oven for a second time for another two to three minutes until the cheese has melted.  READ MORE: Mike Tindall in 'tears' while making pizza with rugby pals Those that follow the simple trick will achieve a perfect pizza, but Rene also has some other tips for pizza lovers. He said that those who wish for their pizzas to have “more colour” should place their pizzas near the top of the oven, as that is usually where the heat source is. Rene said: "How to bake pizza in your kitchen oven? If you are using a home oven, I figured out that the best way is to put your pizza steel or pizza stone inside the oven and then preheat your oven to full power for 45 minutes with the pizza steel inside on the top shelve, and when the steel is at around 250 to 300 degrees Celsius or more, stretch your pizza put your sauce on it and put it in the oven for two to three minutes, till the crust is half nicely cooked and the edges start popping up. "Then, take it out, put your toppings, and put it back inside the oven for another 2 to 3 minutes until the cheese is nicely melted. You can rotate it inside your kitchen oven as needed. Again, if you want more colour on the top or cook the toppings a bit more. "You can leave your pizza a bit near the heat source which is at the top of the oven. So remember, full power in your oven, because Neapolitan pizza needs to be baked at a high temperature very quickly." DON'T MISS:'Simple' methods to reheat pizza without creating a 'soggy dough' [REPORT]Restaurant slams 'laughing' customers for 'ruining everyone's night' [REVEAL]I tried MuscleFood's meal prep food delivery service - what I thought [INSIGHT] Rene has said that those wishing to make their own pizza should consider making sourdough pizza, as it is better for you than your typical takeaway pizza. He also recommends that those wishing to make their own pizza dough use a flour that is high in protein, and recommends a flour at least 12 percent or above as “gluten development is very important” when making pizza.  He said: “Sourdough pizza is very easy to make and the good thing is that it is very easy to digest. It is also an excellent source of antioxidants and it is packed with amazing flavours. However, sourdough is not the flavour and it does not need to be sour, it is just a baking process.” Rene shares his recipe for his Neapolitan Style Pizza on his website. All you need is 500g 00 Flour (12 to 13 percent protein), 315g warm water (66 percent hydration), 12 to 15g salt (two to three percent) and 83g Levain, (up to 100g). The mixture has to be left to ferment for up to four hours and then go through a series of folding and stretching before it is ready to be cooked.