As one of the most likely manifestations of mould in your home, tackling mould in the grout between bathroom tiles is a universal problem. The majority of households will face mould in between tiles at one time or another – especially when preventative measures such as fans and dehumidifiers aren’t regularly used to reduce moisture in the air. To eliminate the problem when it does occur, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared how to go about removing mould from grout. After experimenting with different ways to remove mould from grout and not finding a successful method, Rosie Wainwright took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook to ask for some advice. She said: “Is there any way I can get this black stuff/mould out of the tile grout? Most people have said I need to re-grout entirely. “I’ve tried pink stuff, elbow grease, bicarbonate of soda, vinegar, Viakal, mould removal. Nothing budges it at all.” Taking to the comments section, cleaning enthusiasts suggested Rosie use Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster. READ MORE: Appliance to prevent mould and condensation forming ‘all year’ Shelley Ripper said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew did mine and left it overnight, kept the room well ventilated and next day my tiles were like new. I just washed them down with hot soapy water. Hope this helps.” Emmy MacRitchie wrote: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray. Spray it on the grout, put half a square of toilet roll on it, then spray on top of toilet roll so it's sodden. Leave overnight and remove toilet roll in the morning. Mine always ends up white.” Vanessa Boniface recommended: “Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster. Can't recommend this product enough for totally obliterating mould from grout and bathroom ceiling. “Smells strongly of bleach so open the windows. Leave for as long as you can. No need to scrub. 99p from Savers. Good luck.” DON'T MISS‘Aggressive’ garden plants to ‘avoid’ - they ‘pierce through walls’ [EXPERT]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [INSIGHT]‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach [TIPS] Tanya Mallett said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew remover, soak some cotton pads and leave on for a while then remove.” Rachael Shiels wrote: “Astonish Mould and Mildew, sprayed on a cotton pad and left overnight. It got rid of mine.” Laura Matts commented: “Astonish mould spray. I had all black in the corner of the bath and on some grout. All gone now as I kept spraying it.” Francis Lyns added: “Astonish Mould and Mildew remover. That should remove most of it. I always find Astonish amazing. Even got mildew out of fabric, and I’ve never been able to shift that.” READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover Experts at Astonish claim the product “blasts away mould and mildew stains in minutes without the need for scrubbing”. This can be used on walls, uPVC window frames, glass, plastic shower curtains, bathroom tiles, grout, silicone sealant, concrete, sinks and plug-holes. To use it, spray, leave for a few minutes then rinse or wipe clean. On vertical surfaces apply via a sponge or cloth to avoid run off. As well as picking up the Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster spray from Savers, the mould remover is also sold at Wilko for 99p and at Morrisons and Asda for £1.25. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other Mrs Hinch fans were debating whether or not bleach should be used to remove mould from grout. Hev Levey said: “I use bleach, scrub it in and leave it for an hour, it comes up lovely.” Tracey Stringer wrote: “I just pour thick bleach all over my tiles, leave it for half an hour, then scrub the grout with an old toothbrush. Brings up like new every time.” Stacey Rogers argued: “Never use bleach, it will only make the stains worse. They may look like they’ve gone but they’re just covered up.” Rob Lewis added: “I read the other day that bleach makes it come back worse and to use mould remover instead.”