Every day another stupid iron barrier clanging down, forbidding us from writing or saying something. And not just in the here and now – history is, quite literally, being rewritten. And no one’s asked our permission. No one’s consulted us. It’s just happening. Take cherished children’s author Roald Dahl. In fact, take him and strip him of the very language that defines his extraordinary stories – Charlie And The Chocolate Factory, The Twits, James And The Giant Peach.   These great books have fallen into the clutches of publisher Puffin’s so-called “sensitivity readers”. God knows who these ghastly people are but their sensitivities are so absurdly hair-triggered that Puffin has cravenly made hundreds of ridiculous changes to the originals. Publishers don’t want to be caught in Twitter storms, so they hire these absurd panels and slavishly follow their preposterous pronouncements. It’s pathetic. The word “fat” has been censored from every single one of Dahl’s books. Why? Augustus Gloop in Charlie And The Chocolate Factory still looks like a ball of dough, but now is only permitted to be described as “enormous”. Why? The Oompa-Loompas are no longer “tiny... no higher than my knee” but just “small”. Why? None of them are “small men” any more – they’ve been gender-neutralised as “small people”. Why?  Colour is a super-sensitive area for Puffin. A character who once turned “white” now turns “quite pale”. Why? In Fantastic Mr Fox, two monstrous tractors, both black, have simply vanished. Why? Elsewhere, “woke” paragraphs Dahl would have been appalled to see under his name have been shoved in willy-nilly. In The Witches, a section explaining witches wear wigs ends with: “There are plenty of other reasons why women might wear wigs and there is certainly nothing wrong with that.” AARGHHH! Such bad writing, it hurts. Who are these “sensitivity readers”? Like most censors down the ages, they operate under a cloak of anonymity. Another bunch of po-faced puritans primly ordered award-winning writer Kate Clanchy not to refer to the Taliban as terrorists “because they now govern Afghanistan”. Uhh? Have these intellectual ignoramuses never heard of a terror-state? Meanwhile, a fiction writer bemusedly reports his UK publisher sent his latest novel for “sensitivity assessment” because one character has a disability. The author himself is disabled, with exactly the same condition – but he’s no longer trusted to write about it! It’s difficult not to conclude these woke guardians are ignorant and were plain thick to start with. My friend and global smash-hit writer Anthony Horowitz says he was asked to remove the word “scalpel” as it might offend Native Americans due to its similarity to “scalp”. “Scalpel” comes from the Latin scalpellum, “a surgical knife”. So, just thick, then. Time to cut out this cancer of stupidity.  I turned up for my first day at work as a cub reporter in what I and my proud mother thought was a smart pairing of corduroy jacket and matching jeans. My editor shook his head and called over to the office accountant. “Molly, sub him an advance – enough to go out and get himself a decent suit!” I was back in half an hour wearing a dark navy two-piecer, white shirt and plain tie. It’s a look I haven’t tampered with in the 50 years since. Why? I’m speaking as a man, of course, but in a simple suit, you’re dressed to report on anything, from a coroner’s inquest to a school speech day. You’re showing basic respect, too, and if you’re on the telly that’s important: you’re a guest in viewers’ homes. Put on a tie. It’s trickier for women but the basic imperative to dress smart and simple is the same. That’s why I raised an eyebrow this week to hear BBC News digital director Naja Nielsen exhorting her reporters to “look sweaty and dirty” and not as if they’ve just left a fine dinner party. Shabby equals authentic in the Nielsen style guide. No, it doesn’t. It implies a lack of effort and lack of self-respect and respect for others. Sorry, Naja, you’re just plain wrong.  Finally, something I have in common with one of my favourite actors, Colin Firth. Turns out the perma-heartthrob since his steamy Mr Darcy in Pride And Prejudice is a bad pretend kisser. I’m sure he’s a supersnogger in private but film-maker Emma Freud has – rather snidely, I think – revealed Firth needed a “kiss co-ordinator” on the set of Love Actually. In another life I was briefly part of a village am-dram group. My acting stank and so did my stage kissing. Our director had to show me how to do it. It remains the most embarrassing episode of my life.  There are so many men who have a secret crush on Sally Bretton. It began when she appeared opposite Lee Mack in the untouchably funny Not Going Out, and now they are about to get their fresh Bretton fix in the Death In Paradise sequel, Beyond Paradise. For Sally’s fans, that’s exactly where they will be on Friday nights for the next few weeks. 