A dog walker who has not been seen since Friday had a work call muted and turned off before she disappeared by a river. Nicola Bulley, 45, was last seen at around 9.15am while walking along a footpath with her dog Willow. The mum-of-two who works as a mortgage adviser was on a work call at the time she disappeared, but she appeared to have her camera off and was muted at the time. Lancashire Police previously told the Mirror that her phone was found on a bench with a work teams call still on the screen. Nicola was last seen near Garstang Road in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire as police say the search will continue for her. She is described as white, 5ft 3ins tall, with light brown shoulder-length hair. She speaks with an Essex accent. Nicola was last seen wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive green ankle wellies. Her hair was tied into a ponytail. Ben Pociecha, the director of Exclusively Mortgages, told The Daily Telegraph that she had logged onto a team meeting at 9.01am on Friday. “It seems as if she was muted and didn’t have her camera on. She was listening in whilst walking her dog,” he said. “There were numerous parties involved in this. A lot of people attended the call. The police are investigating the call.” Superintendent Sally Riley told the Mirror police had found Nicola’s phone still ‘active’ on the bench and began searching for her immediately. Supt Riley said: “It was on a meeting call, and that was still live it was connected to the conference call and that hadn’t been terminated.” The Mirror asked if forensic teams had been searching the area alongside drones, sniffer dogs and police helicopters but Supt Riley said there was no evidence of any criminal activity or that Nicola has been attacked. She added: “There are no reports of anything like that but clearly all scenarios are tested and checked for but in the absence of anything to suggest there was anything criminal was there anything to suggest she was attacked, absolutely not.” A massive search has been launched as specialist search officers were seen on a small boat trawling on the river. The family's brown cocker spaniel, Willow was found loose from its lead and harness an hour after she was last seen by a member of the public. They recognised Willow raised the alarm with police at 10.30am. Nicola appeared to know this route very well and shared pictures of her previous walks on social media. In November, she shared a selfie while walking along the river and wrote: "A very foggy cold walk this morning, not a day to forget your gloves! "Bit Spooky too! Set me up for the day though and Willow had the best time". Nicola's partner, Paul Ansell, made an emotional appeal for help, saying yesterday: "We need to find her. She’s got two little girls that need their mummy home." Ch Insp Chris Barton, of Lancashire Police, said yesterday: “Nicola has now been missing for two days and we are extremely concerned about her. “Firstly, if anybody saw her on Friday morning and has not yet been spoken to by police, or if anybody has any other information about where she might be, please get in touch with us straight away. “Enquiries are very much ongoing and we have a team of detectives working tirelessly to establish the circumstances around her disappearance, in addition to a large team of police officers, partner agency and volunteer groups on the ground searching the area around where she was last seen. “We are following a number of lines of enquiry and are keeping an open mind at this stage about what has occurred."