A royal expert has claimed that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have worn out their welcome in the US. The royal couple has built a new life in Los Angeles, from where the Duke and Duchess have told their story of leaving the Royal Family. But Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer said the once "darling" royals have started losing some support. Speaking on the Daily Express Royal Roundup today, the correspondent touched on the couple's activities following the release of the Prince's smash-hit autobiography Spare. He said when they first arrived across the pond in March 2020 they were instantly popular among members of the "Hollywood elite". Mr Palmer said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were very much the darlings of the Hollywood elite when they first went over there. "A lot of people on the liberal left, particularly in performing arts, bought into their account of being bullied, being victims of racism." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan will be a 'sideshow' at Coronation, royal expert says He added that, while they still have some support, their "victim narrative" has put some people off. Mr Palmer said there are "certainly some" who still support them, but others have become "bored". He said: "A lot of people have become a little more circumspect about Harry and Meghan, and they've got a little bit bored of the constant victim narrative." The royal correspondent ultimately put the couple's diminished popularity down to their failure to move on.  Mr Palmer said: "I think their popularity has been damaged by their inability to move on and talk about something different. "I suppose that is because they have to keep relating back to the British Royal Family and their fractured relationship with it to appear relevant." A recent suspected "snub" has cemented some of these claims, with the Duke and Duchess seemingly absent from an event held by Oprah Winfrey. The legendary talk show host held a star-studded party for her 69th birthday this week, with showbiz royalty such as Kim Kardashian and Jennifer Lopez among those invited. But the royals were absent from pictures of the event, leading some to suggest they weren't invited. Some commentators said the "tide is turning" on the couple in the celebrity world. Writing in The Spectator, Kara Kennedy claimed their documentaries and tell-all memoirs have backfired. She said the "snub" showed the "gamble" of trading their royal duties for celebrity hadn't "paid off". But some pockets of support still exist, as the Royal Roundup revealed. One Facebook user commented during the chat that the "States love Harry and Meghan". Another suggested the couple should "lead Britain", earning a chuckle from the presenters.