Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney shocked the footballing world when they took over National League side Wrexham in 2021 - which sparked intrigue and trepidation in equal measure. Now with the club’s march back to the Football League showing no sign of abating, and a hit docuseries streaming online that has massively increased the club’s profile worldwide, the pair’s impact on and off the pitch is evident for all to see.  Reynolds is likely to be the more familiar face of the pair having starred in several Hollywood movies alongside fellow A-listers including Sandra Bullock, Hugh Jackman and Dwyane ‘The Rock’ Johnson. The Vancouver native’s most successful turn came as the titular character in 2016’s Deadpool which grossed over £650million, spawned an almost equally successful sequel in 2018 with a highly anticipated third edition scheduled for release next year. McElhenney on the other hand is a star of the small screen, creating and starring in the popular satirical sitcom ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’. The hit comedy has amassed over 160 episodes in its 15-season run and features the 45-year-old alongside fellow collaborator Glenn Howerton, as well as comedy stars Charlie Day, Danny DeVito, and wife, Kaitlin Olsen. MUST READ: Liverpool 'suspend' planned meal with Real Madrid chiefs ahead of Champions League tie According to Celebrity Net Worth, Reynolds and McElhenney are reported to be worth around £125m and £42m respectively. Reynolds’ fortune was boosted by the sale of his ‘Aviation Gin’ brand to drinks giant Diageo, he also has an ownership stake in Mint Mobile with estimated earnings of £59.2m in 2020. With a glittering Hollywood career, Reynolds’ taste for flashy cars should come as no surprise and the Canadian doesn’t disappoint in his collection of high-end vehicles. DON'T MISSRyan Reynolds has very own Erling Haaland at Wrexham after Puskas Award contenderBrazilian football star Jian Kayo found dead in home aged 21Man Utd takeover concerns arise as Qataris could be banned from mega spending The Deadpool star’s most eye-catching motor is undoubtedly the Lamborghini Aventador, which can retail for up to £358,000. Reynolds can also be seen cruising in his Cadillac Escalade luxury SUV or even the two-seated Audi R8 sports car. Those vehicles come in at around £75,000 and £170,000 respectively. While the actor has also been known to have a penchant for classic motors such as the Mercedes-Benz 190 SL, produced by the German manufacturer between 1955 and 1963, which has a reported RRP of £125,000.  Both Reynolds and McElhenney share similar stories in meeting their future spouses while working on acting projects.  McElhenney and his ‘It’s Always Sunny’ co-star Olsen, began dating while working on the show in 2006 and the Philadelphia native admitted in a 2015 interview with Buzzfeed that it was not the smartest decision at the time. “Literally, the stupidest thing you can do in the entertainment industry is start dating your co-star on a television series that’s expected to continue,” he told the publication. “Potentially, we could’ve ruined the dynamic of the TV series, but we jumped in anyway. I guess because I started to fall in love with her.” McElhenney and Olsen tied the knot in California in 2008 and have two children.  Reynolds similarly struck up a relationship with his then co-star Blake Lively while filming Green Lantern in 2010. The couple began dating a year later, were married in 2012 and have recently announced the birth of their fourth child together. They live together in a luxurious £4.3m property in the Pound Ridge neighbourhood of New York - which boasts seven bedrooms and six bathrooms on over 11 acres. He was previously engaged to 90s singer Alanis Morissette but they ended their relationship in 2007, after five years together. Reynolds was also married to Scarlett Johansson from 2008 until their divorce three years later. In a 2021 interview with BBC Radio 5 Live, McElhenney revealed he was inspired to own a football club after watching ‘Sunderland ‘Til I Die.’ MUST READWrexham owners Reynolds and McElhenney get major boost as EFL plan promotion shake-upGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision and gives title verdictChelsea owner Todd Boehly begins summer fire sale with 'fee agreed' for academy starlet  "I remember the moment. I was sitting on the couch,” he recalled. “And I was falling in love with this team and these people and the story." He continued “In all honesty, it was the first time I had understood the concept of promotion and relegation. I didn't know that that's how the system worked. "So even though I couldn't afford to buy say Liverpool or Sunderland for that matter or Man City, Man Utd, maybe we could afford to buy a lower-league team and have them ascend through the ranks.” Reynolds and McElhenney have made quite an impact in north Wales since their reported £2million takeover at the Racecourse Ground in 2021 with the Red Dragons poised to make a return to the football league after a couple of near misses. The pair also released a well-received docuseries in 2022, Welcome to Wrexham, which chronicles the efforts of the side last term.