Presidential hopeful Nikki Haley has been dubbed "unfit" to serve as Commander-in-Chief just hours after she launched her 2024 campaign. Haley, 51, faced criticism on social media after unearthed videos from 2010 showed the ex-UN Ambassador address questions about seatbelt mandates and Confederate states seceding from the Union.  Haley, 51, faced criticism on social media after unearthed videos from 2010 showed the ex-UN Ambassador address questions about seatbelt mandates and Confederate states seceding from the Union. When asked if some states had the right to leave the 247-year-old Union, South Carolina's former Governor said: "I think that they do, I mean the Constitution says that." The comment has been heavily criticised on social media, with some suggesting Haley's claim is wrong. Podcast co-host Siva Vaidhyanathan said: "She is unfit to be President." JUST IN: Five key takeaways from Nikki Haley's 2024 White House announcement Law professor Anthony Michael Kreis added: "No, Nikki Haley, the Constitution does not provide a right for secession. "See, Texas v White, 74 U.S. (7 Wall) 700 (1869). See also, The Civil War." However, when asked if she would countenance the Palmetto State's secession, Haley added: "I'm one of those people that doesn't think it's going to get to that point and let me tell you why. "While we are seeing all of this federal intrusion coming into our state, the way I will handle it I am going to get a coalition of governors together ... that turns around and goes to Washington and says this is what you can do and this is what you can't do." READ MORE: Trump used 'classified folder' as a lamp shade to help him sleep at night South Carolina was the first of 11 southern states to secede the Union over the issue of slavery in December 1860, sparking civil war. The case of Texas v White four years later held that states entering the union became part of an " indissoluble relation … as perpetual, and as indissoluble as the union between the original states". It added: "There [is] no place for reconsideration, or revocation, except through revolution, or through consent of the states." Responding to so-called seatbelt mandates, Haley pointed out she "fought against" previous efforts to impose such a requirement. DON'T MISS:Horror as gunman kills three and wounds five [LATEST]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace [REPORT]Teen found alive and pregnant in wardrobe after going missing [INSIGHT] She said: "Anybody in the House or Senate can tell you I do not support mandates, whether its seatbelt, whether it's helmets, whether it's anything, I've never voted for it, I've actually fought against it." Haley officially launched her 2024 bid yesterday in a clip uploaded to social media. The former Palmetto State Governor previously said she would not take on Donald Trump if he entered the race. However, Haley appeared to back-pedal from her position as she looks set to lock horns with her ex-boss. Trump launched his third successive White House bid last December as he looked to outflank Republican rivals, including Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. Express.co.uk has approached Haley's spokesman for comment.