Red Bull's team principal Christian Horner has appeared to confirm Ferrari approached him as a potential replacement for Mattia Binotto, before appointing Fred Vasseur as their new team principal. Sky Sports reported in December that Ferrari had 'sounded out Horner' about joining them, but he had no desire to leave Red Bull. And speaking to Auto, Motor und Sport, Horner said it was "hugely flattering to have been asked by Ferrari" but insisted he had never been tempted to leave Red Bull. "To be honest with you no," Horner said when asked about a potential switch to Ferrari. "I've been here since the very beginning, I feel very much, you know, responsible for the team. "It's a great group of people that I work with and I've never been tempted away. I feel a loyalty to Red Bull and of course the people here. JUST IN: Brundle disagrees with Wolff as Mercedes boss looks to block FIA plans "When you're working with such a great team, why would you want to be anywhere else? It's hugely flattering to have been asked by Ferrari, but they're a great team and I'm sure they're going to be very competitive." Horner also rejected the idea of Red Bull adding Binotto to their team, stating: "I don't see what role he would perform. Obviously it was tough for him last year with Ferrari because they did make a big step forward, but maybe there's other opportunities for him further down the grid." Mercedes chief Toto Wolff has also said he has no interest in hiring Binotto following his Ferrari exit, telling F1's Beyond The Grid Podcast: "I think there was too much porcelain broken between us over the last few years that this would be possible. DON'T MISSRed Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as heroes praisedRed Bull star Max Verstappen names four drivers as main rivals in 2023Red Bull unveil RB19 car as Max Verstappen hunts third F1 title "With the other teams I can't say. Certainly, Mattia understands Formula One inside out and maybe he finds a role in a team - there are many out there that could be targets. "Mattia and I had our moments, it's not secret over the many years, but we consolidated that in 2022. We are in a much better place, but it was always clear that he was under tremendous pressure."