NCIS LA fans were heartbroken to learn the long-running CBS drama would officially be coming to an end after its 14th run. Despite the cancellation, Kensi Blye star Daniela Ruah will return to screens as the presenter for the Portuguese version of The Traitors.  On Friday, Daniela took to Instagram stories to announce the exciting news. As she made the announcement in her native language, the post was captioned: “I will be hosting the show, Traitors in Portugal for @sicoficial. Stay tuned!” After kicking off in the Netherlands, The Traitors has taken the world by storm, with the British spin-off being lauded when it aired on the BBC. The game show welcomes 22 contestants who are faced with the “ultimate game of detection, backstabbing and trust”. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain    The host will be tasked with secretly selecting payers to become Traitors, while the rest of the group is known as The Faithful. The role of the Traitor is to murder one of their fellow players each night and remain undetected by The Faithful. The Faithful must decide who is behind the murders and banish them from the game before they become victims themselves. Each day, the contestants must meet at the Round Table where they will vote on who to banish, based on their suspicions.   The Traitors who survive till the end will then be rewarded with a cut of the jackpot prize money. Following its success in the Netherlands, the series has since been franchised across the world including France, the USA and now Portugal. While a release date for the Portuguese spin-off has yet to be revealed, fans can continue to see Daniela in the thick of the action on NCIS LA. Daniela was first introduced to fans in season six as the headstrong and determined, Kensi Blye. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [INSIGHT]NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-star [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘turn off’ as Lucy and Kate missing [REACTION]  She quickly became a fan favourite for her dedication and loyalty to the team, as well as her ability to find genuine empathy for vulnerable victims. With NCIS LA coming to an end this year, fans will be able to continue seeing Kensi on screens until the final episode airs on Sunday, May 14. Although the reason for the drama’s cancellation remains unknown Deadline reported: “The cancellation of a long-running drama with big-name leads filming in LA should not come as a shock given the big price tag involved, especially at a time when networks across the board are looking to cut their spending.”   In a statement, executive producer and showrunner R Scott Gemmill said: "Our crew has grown to be a true family, and their hard work and dedication has been fundamental to our success year after year. "My deepest gratitude to the cast members, who have brought our characters to life with their impassioned performances – thank you for your talent, professionalism and continuous enthusiasm. "And to our loyal viewers who loved our characters and followed their journeys, thank you. "We look forward to delivering an end to the series that is both satisfying and does justice to these beloved characters.”  NCIS LA season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and on Sky Max in the UK. 