The ashes of a 12-year-old girl who died precisely 46 years ago have been discovered in a park - with the cemetery where she was cremated launching an appeal in a bid to trace her relatives. Yvonne Harrison, from Preston, who died on 3 February 1977, was cremated at Preston Cemetery. Passer-by Emma Lawless, 34, found an oak casket containing her ashes hidden in undergrowth in Hesketh Park in Southport, Merseyside last summer. She told BBC North West Tonight: "Me and my two daughters come to the park all the time, and I just noticed a wooden box. "I came back the week after and saw it was still here, so I thought 'I wonder if it's empty or full still?'. "So I just gently picked it up, and it was really heavy. "It was a really clean, bright wooden box. It just didn't look right, it stood out." Ms Lawless, who reported the discovery to Preston Council in June, added: “Losing a child must be horrendous anyway, and then to lose the ashes again must be heart-breaking if that's the case.” Chris Brown, who works for the cemetery, explained: "We received a phone call from Southport crematorium. JUST IN: Gary Glitter freed from jail after serving half of his sentence "They asked if we had a record for this name. They gave me the date of death and all the information they had, and I found the deceased within our ledger. "The authority card inside the casket confirms that the name is actually Yvonne.” James Harrison, who made the cremation application, and included in the Register of Cremations, lived in he Holme Slack area of Preston with Yvonne at the time of her death - although his relationship to her is not revealed in the document. Mr Brown said: "We really want to find the applicant, or a relative of the applicant. DON'T MISS:Calls grow to means test the state pension triple lock [OPINION]Hunt has gone from Christmas tax Grinch to beacon of Brexit hope [REACTION]Jeremy Hunt tells retirees 'we need you' back at work [COMMENTS] “Any set of ashes is really important that it is in the correct hands, but in this case, with it being a child, I think it's really important that the ashes are reunited with the family." It was highly unusual for ashes to be lost, Mr Brown said. He added: “I’ve been doing this job for 13 years and this is the first time it has happened to me. "I don't believe it has happened to anyone else - it's unheard of really... just to find a set of ashes in a casket, in the middle of a park."