House mice are a part of British wildlife - but when they take up residence with you, they can be a cause for concern. Active all year round, mice are one of the most common pest species in the UK. Although house mice are considered to be cute by some people, they are a public health pest and can cause serious harm. Mice have been known to spread nasty diseases - such as Salmonella and Listeria - to humans through their urine, droppings and bedding. Taking to a Mrs Hinch cleaning page, one woman asked for ways to get rid of mice without killing them. Susan Brown said: “Mice! I know they're here but, a. I don't want to kill, b. I know where they are but they can run faster than me and c. I am frightened of them. “I have tried humane traps but the mice are not interested. All advice desperately wanted.” Mice have a need to mark their territory with their urine and due to their sporadic eating habits, build nests near food sources. This puts anyone with an infestation at risk of food poisoning. As they scurry around, they carry dirt and bacteria with them, transferring it to your counter tops, cabinets, pantry and anywhere else they travel. READ MORE: Five ‘safe and effective’ solutions for deterring pigeons from gardens These nibbling nuisances can also cause a lot of property damage, due to their compulsive need to gnaw to maintain their teeth at a constant length. Electric cables, water and gas pipes, packaging and woodwork may all be seriously damaged by mice - many instances of electrical fires and floods have been attributed to them. Many cleaning enthusiasts in the comments suggested that Susan appeal to a mouse’s strong sense of smell by using peppermint oil. Rachel Condor said: “Read recently mice don't like really strong smells, particularly peppermint oil. Organza bags with strong smells in dotted around.” DON'T MISS4p kitchen staple to clean your ‘entire’ washing machine in 5 minutes [TIPS]Heating specialist shares how to avoid £300 log burner fine [INSIGHT]‘Big mistake’ to ‘avoid’ when using your tumble dryer - ‘damaging’ [EXPERT] Sammy Searle commented: “Peppermint, they hate peppermint.” In response to this comment, Linda Cockayne said: “That's what I used after we found them in our garage. “Just put peppermint essential oil on cotton wool balls in little plastic shot glasses dotted about the garage. Not seen any since, not sure you can use it if you have pets.” Mary O’Connell added: “Totally agree, peppermint oil is the best thing to get rid of mice (if you don’t want to get a cat).” Jess Buckland wrote: “Peppermint oil, they hate the stuff. It helps to remove and deter them. If you keep using it, it’ll keep them away permanently.” READ MORE: Households urged to ‘avoid’ four key home improvements before selling Anisah Murphy recommended: “Peppermint oil. Soak a cotton wool with it, and leave near where they are coming from. They don’t like the scent. Also, you can use it in a diffuser.” Sue smith agreed: “Peppermint oil on cotton wool balls and put them where you think they are or getting in.” Mrs Hinch fans are not alone in recommending using peppermint oil to deter and get rid of these pests. Pest control experts at Fantastic Pest Control said: “If you have a garden and have the time, you can plant and grow mint on your own. Leave small pots of mint around entry points, etc. “If you prefer essential oils, you can use 100 percent pure peppermint oil. Pour a few drops of the peppermint oil on cotton balls, scatter them around the property and leave them there until the scent is gone.” The experts at Victor Pests agreed: “Peppermint is strong-smelling. For a species that relies on a strong sense of smell over its weak vision, mice find the potent aroma of its menthol to be offensive and irritating to their nasal cavities. “The best repellents take advantage of this by using 100 percent peppermint oil that can be slowly released without spilling, dissipating, or quickly losing potency. “Frequent failure to accomplish this with DIY attempts has led to the notion that the peppermint’s repelling ability is a myth, but this is not so.”