Ronnie Archer-Morgan will be a familiar face to viewers as he regularly appears on Antiques Roadshow. However, for the first time, the expert has opened up about his troubled childhood, admitting he "wouldn't be here today" if it wasn't for his foster mum. During The One Show, viewers saw Ronnie visiting the place he grew up. Ronnie began by explaining he has had a successful career, first as a hairdresser and then as an Antiques Roadshow specialist. However, things hadn't always been this way, as he said he didn't have a rosy childhood growing up in London. "My mother wasn't well and the emotional and psychological abuse I received as a result, still affects me today," the expert shared. "But here in Eastbourne, I discovered what it was like to be part of a loving family." READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal As he stood outside the family home he was fostered, Ronnie was reunited with his three foster sisters. "This is where I was safe," he shared. "I never wanted to leave it." After being apart for eight years, Ronnie hugged his foster sisters, Christine, Jackie and Lynette. "I don't know which of you I met first, but I must have been about six," he told them. As they looked through photos from their childhoods, he continued: "I had the best times with my foster family, and at the helm was Molly. "Without her love, I don't think I'd be here today." When recalling some of his fondest memories, Ronnie said: "She was an extraordinary woman and when I came along, she already had six children. "It was the first time when I came to you that I would be asked what I would like for dinner or for pudding. DON'T MISS...Black Spartans star recalls advice from Yellowstone’s Neal McDonough [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks out on Brenda Blethyn 'taking break' from ITV series [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale exit for Nate as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILERS] "And that is what made me feel valued. "The truth is, I have always carried you all in my heart since the first day I met you. "It's the value I learned from coming down to Eastbourne that has made me what I am now." He went on to detail how his foster family saved him from a "life that was very difficult". After an emotional reunion, Ronnie paid a visit to Karen and Neil Goodman, who fostered Leah. Leah's mum was sent to prison which is why the youngster was put into care. However, Ronnie was left speechless when Leah claimed her mum was in prison for killing her brother and sister. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.