“Scotland’s answer to the Caribbean” could be this year’s perfect staycation destination. If the beaches of Jamaica or St Lucia feel a little too far away, one Scottish village feels just like a tropical paradise, minus the sunny weather. Morar, a gorgeous village on the west coast of Scotland, could be the perfect place to spend the summer. Home to the deepest lake in the British Isles, Morar’s stunning sandy beaches have Caribbean vibes. The village’s beaches have even been featured in films, including Local Hero and Breaking in the Waves. The Silver Sands of Morar, cover the coastline from Arisaig to Morar and are a popular walking destination. READ MORE: UK’s top staycation destination has ‘Med worthy beaches’ It might not be as famous as the Loch Ness monster, but Loch Morar has its own mysterious deep sea creature. Known as Morag, the monster was ‘sighted’ 34 times up to 1981 and 16 of the incidents had multiple witnesses. Two local men who said they were forced to fight the monster, described it as 30 feet long with rough skin and a head a foot wide. But Britons are willing to brave the monster and the icy temperatures, will be able to enjoy a bracing dip in Loch Morar. Morar’s beaches are the perfect spot to enjoy a summer family day out or an early evening stroll. A spokesperson from Home2Go, a holiday rental marketplace, said: “Morar is Scotland's answer to the Caribbean. This destination is surrounded by scenes of awe-inspiring, rugged natural beauty from Loch Morar, the UK’s deepest lake to the Silver Sands of Morar. “This stretch of Scottish coastline is hailed as one of the country’s most stunning, thanks to its exquisitely white sand, clear waters and views across to the Isles of Rum and Eigg.” Morar’s top attraction on Tripadvisor is Morar Beach, which one tourist described as “amazing”. They said: "Weather was great, stunning beach, great views, spectacular sunset! It is a must see when in the area!" READ MORE: Best city in Europe for Britons is ‘charming’ and ‘very affordable’ Another visitor wrote: “Superb beach with white sand. This wonderful beach has fantastic white sand and the water was all shades of blue.” Wildlife can be spotted in Morar year-round and tourists might be able to spy pilfering seals when the fishermen unload their catch. Tourists can also head out on a boat safari to catch a glimpse of dolphins and enjoy stunning views. Steam train fans will also be able to see engines go past small isles on the West Highland Line.