And we have to ask ourselves if we had admitted Ukraine to NATO, would Putin have dared to invade? Or indeed if we had put stronger sanctions in place after 2014 or supplied weapons to Ukraine earlier? Could we have saved many lives and protected our security? We must learn from the past. We must ensure that Taiwan is able to defend itself. And we must work together across the free world to do this. I would like to see a more developed Pacific defence alliance alongside even closer cooperation between NATO and our Pacific allies. I’m delighted that Japan and the UK have recently signed a new defence agreement. The UK is the first European country to have a Reciprocal Access Agreement with Japan and only the third country globally to do so. This will accelerate defence and security cooperation… allow for larger and more complex military exercises… and strengthen the UK’s Indo-Pacific security pledge. I also congratulate Prime Minister Kishida for Japan’s historic new defence strategy backing a free and open Indo-Pacific.  Japan has backed this up by record defence spending this year and also takes a seat on the UN Security Council this year, And the G7 has stepped up… in 2021 led by the UK… in 2022 led by Germany... and I’m sure it will be on the agenda at Hiroshima. It’s so important to do all we can to support Taiwan – because prevention is better than cure. If we build up the defence links now, if we build up the economic links now – that will help protect Taiwan and protect freedom. We need to make sure we are economically successful for the sake of our populations but also to make sure we have the wherewithal to promote freedom and democracy and show that it works. Together there is huge strength in our economies and in our economic model – one based on freedom, not coercion. And deeper economic integration between the Taiwanese and world economies will go a long way to preventing conflict.  The G7 represents over 40 percent of global nominal GDP – and if you add the EU, that’s over half. Now that is a hugely powerful position to be in. That economic weight means that we can influence other countries. It means we can make decisions about how we trade… who we invest in… what technology we export…and we need to use that leverage to ensure that the G7 plus allies act as an economic NATO. Supporting freedom and not allowing it to be undermined. This opportunity will not be there forever.  China is clearly building its domestic market in anticipation of a harder line. But at present, it is reliant on exports to the West.  Now is the time to make sure trade and commerce is free and not coercive. There are ways this can be done. We could move to an economic Article 5, where the ‘one for all, all for one’ principle is wielded in defence of fundamental values. There are three areas we should focus on: supply chains, investment and trade. On critical minerals and supply chains, we should work together to ensure we have trustworthy suppliers – so-called ‘friendshoring’.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea That’s what we in the UK are already doing by eliminating Russian energy and by banning Huawei equipment from being installed into our 5G network. Free countries need to collaborate to protect our economic security in areas like chips and technology exports. And we need democracies to commit together to audit and reduce dependency throughout critical industries. We cannot have a situation where Beijing has the power to turn off the lights. This is an edited extract of Liz Truss' speech to Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China Symposium in Tokyo, February 17 2023. 