Shocking video shows a woman fighting off an alleged sex attacker who struck as she was trying to work out at the gym. Nashali Alma, 24, managed to fight off her attacker and urged other women to do the same if they ever found themselves in a similar situation. Nashali was exercising in the gym at her apartment complex in Tampa, Florida when suspect Xavier Thomas-Jones, 25, allegedly attacked her, according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office. Ms Alma was alone in the gym and opened the door for Thomas-Jones as she had seen someone exercising there earlier, police said. He allegedy then rushed towards her, attempting to grab her around the waist while Alma ran. Thomas-Jones is then alleged to have pinned her to the floor while she continued to fight him and call 911. Eventually, she was able to free herself and run to a nearby apartment. "I would tell every woman always to keep fighting, never give up," Alma said of the attack.  She added: "As long as you fight back and show him that you’re strong and you’re not giving up, I believe it's possible to escape. It’s better to reach out to law enforcement sooner than later. The sooner they have the information, the sooner they can catch that person. Alma said she wanted to share her story to encourage other women who have had similar experiences to speak out. Hillsborough County Sheriff Chad Chronister praised her "courage" and "strength" for coming forward following the terrifying attack.  READ MORE: Kari Lake vows to take Arizona defeat case to Supreme Court He said: "I was disgusted by the suspect’s actions, how he preyed on this young woman. "This woman's strength, courage, and determination are inspiring. I know that her bravery to share this story will impact the lives of many other women." Police were able to track down Thomas-Jones and arrest him less than 24 hours after the attack. Once in custody, Thomas-Jones allegedly admitted to grabbing Alma because he wanted to have sex with her, Fox 13 reported, pointing to court documents. He allegedly also targeted another woman in the area because he thought she was "pretty" and lived in the same apartment complex. He was arrested January 23 and charged with sexual battery, false imprisonment and kidnapping. 