Enzo Fernandez has explained why he feels he can thrive at Chelsea over the next few years after Todd Boehly paid a British-record transfer fee to sign him from Benfica in the final hours of the January transfer window. The Blues targeted Fernandez early in the month but to no avail before returning to the table to pay his £107million release clause on deadline day. The deal saw Fernandez become the most expensive midfielder of all time but it seems as though he is not feeling the pressure of his sky-high price tag after excelling at the World Cup with Argentina and at club level for Benfica over the last few months. The 21-year-old has already underlined what he can bring to Graham Potter's side by listing his technical ability and positive energy as two of several reasons why he will be a roaring success in west London."I’m technical, I've got good insight of the game, good passing skills and good shooting skills," said Fernandez, as reported by Ben Jacobs. "I offer good energy, good vibes and I will give my all and support my teammates to make them even better."Fernandez went on to highlight Chelsea's pedigree in Europe as a factor in his decision to join the Blues in spite of their unenviable predicament in the Premier League, which sees them languishing down in mid-table after winning just eight of their 20 matches so far this season. JUST IN: Arsenal target Caicedo's agent explains public Brighton exit plea "It's a big club, it's a club that is always fighting and has won the Champions League and we will look to achieve everything that the club wants and take it to the next level," he added."A lot of great things have happened for me. I'm really happy with the opportunity that Chelsea has given me and I will give everything to achieve the club's goals." It remains to be seen how Fernandez will fare in his first season at Chelsea, who will be desperate to climb back into top-four contention by picking up their form in the Premier League over the next few weeks. He could be poised to make his debut for the Blues against Fulham on Friday evening, with Chelsea out for revenge over their west London rivals after falling to defeat in the reverse fixture last month.Fernandez has already been showered in high praise by free-spending Chelsea owner Boehly, who was initially hesitant to shell out the full value of the midfielder's release clause but was eventually able to negotiate a deal to pay £40m upfront and the rest of the fee in instalments."We are signing one of the brightest talents in global football," said Boehly. "We are excited to add him to Graham’s squad, we are sure he will form an important part of our team going forward. Enzo has demonstrated his ability at the highest ­levels so we’re looking forward to seeing what he does in blue!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.