Kate Middleton, 41, looks absolutely incredible with her figure. The Princess of Wales' arms and legs are very toned, causing royal fans to be very jealous whenever she steps out.  Experts have previously shared how to try Kate's favourite workout at home. The Princess' high-intensity workout reportedly specialises in burning fat and building confidence, burning up to 15 calories a minute. With over 1.7million Google searches each month, CrossFit is one of the world’s most popular workouts, so it’s no surprise to see so many celebrities taking on the challenge. Vanessa Hudgens, Cameron Diaz, Jessica Biel, and even Kate Middleton are known for incorporating CrossFit into their weekly routines, helping them to increase their fitness, build muscle, and burn fat. READ MORE: Princess Anne is 'very slender' but she 'avoids fad diets'  Fitness experts at BarBend have shared everything fans need to know about the workout, from how many calories it burns and what it involves to the benefits and how to do it at home. A spokesperson from BarBend told Express.co.uk: “CrossFit is one of the most effective workouts for building muscle, burning fat, and toning your body, so it’s no surprise to see that Kate Middleton is a huge fan. “The workouts can be challenging, combining weightlifting, gymnastics, and metabolic conditioning, however, the focus is on hitting your next fitness or strength goal, rather than the number on the scales, which helps people forget about their weight and become more confident. “High-intensity workouts are known to have numerous benefits on mental health, too, from stress relief and sleep quality to confidence and mood. With such a high-pressured role in the Royal Family, the Princess of Wales is reaping huge benefits from this exercise.”  CrossFit is a workout focused on functional fitness, which includes exercises based on the types of movements you do every day. The concept emphasises explosive, strength, and endurance-based exercises that push your body and mind through new challenges. Common exercises include squats, snatches, handstands, and pull-ups, using kettlebells, weights, and medicine balls. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Doria Ragland enjoy 'yoga retreat in Goa'  While everyone is different, CrossFit burns a lot of calories, due to its high-intensity approach. It’s estimated you can burn up to 15 calories per minute of CrossFit, with a 60-minute session burning 480 calories on average for a 180lb person. A typical workout is one hour and is split up into four parts including the warm-up (five to 10 minutes), strength component (15 minutes), workout of the day (20 to 30 minutes) and cool down (five minutes).  The experts at BarBend said: "Kate is known for her love of fitness, keeping her workouts varied with a range of activities, from yoga and pilates to running and weight training, so CrossFit is a great choice, as it combines cardio, strength training, and gymnastics. "While the workout isn’t for everyone due to its high intensity, it can massively help build confidence, as the aim is to become stronger both mentally and physically, rather than dropping pounds. "Kate has an incredibly toned physique and strength training is known to burn more calories than cardio alone, as it builds muscle, which increases your resting metabolic rate. This allows the Princess to ditch restrictive diets and focus instead on fueling her body with nutritious foods. "Regular exercise can help to reduce stress and anxiety as it releases a hormone called cortisol. It also helps us to retain focus and be more present, taking time aside to forget about our every day worries. People like Kate, who have high-pressured roles, can really benefit from using their exercise session as a time to de-stress." 