Lewis Hamilton maintains an intense six-hour-a-day training schedule to stay in optimum shape as he targets another Drivers' Championship. The Briton has also embraced extreme action sports and a plant-based diet in order to maintain his physique. Mercedes posted a topless image of Hamilton’s impressive six-pack last month as preparations continue ahead of 2023. According to Sportskeeda, Hamilton spends between four and six hours per day on physical training in a bid to stay in peak fitness. Sustainhealth.fit suggests Hamilton works out at least five days a week through circuit training. Alongside traditional gym work, Hamilton is a keen runner with the 38-year-old posting regular clips on social media. Hamilton is understood to have a home gym where he exercises alongside dog Roscoe. His trainer Angela Cullen has also been spotted helping Hamilton stay motivated during sessions. He told Men's Health: “I like lifting weights, but I have to make sure that I don’t overdo it. Formula One drivers can’t be too heavy: more muscle means more kilos. It’s also disadvantageous to put too much muscle on your shoulders and arms, because you need to have a low centre of gravity in the car.” Hamilton photographed himself at a gym with new team-mate George Russell ahead of the Australian Grand Prix last season. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton could be replaced by fellow British F1 ace Hamilton has previously admitted one of the most important areas for F1 drivers to perfect is their core. He stressed this was because of the heavy forces their bodies have to endure when behind the wheel. Cardio is also vital as heart rates can accelerate as high as 160 bpm during races. However, neck muscles are the most vital area with drivers battling incredible G forces for almost two hours. Hamilton explained: “Your neck is where– is probably the one that fatigues the most. Your helmet and your head weigh a lot. It’s about 22 pounds, and obviously, six times that weight through a corner for a sustained period of time is heavy.” Away from the gym, Hamilton has embraced action sports in his Monaco home as a great way to keep in shape. The Briton has adopted a keen interest in surfing with clips of the Briton enjoying the waves with MotoGP icon Fabio Quartararo. During the off-season, Hamilton also uploaded clips of him skiing on holiday with his family. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell says 'nobody will remember' him beating Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]Christian Horner backs FIA over new F1 ban that affects Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen could face surprise new title threat [ANALYSIS] Hamilton has lived on a plant-based diet and is a big advocate for vegan diets. He transitioned away from animals through a vegan friend in New York and has not looked back since. The seven-time world champion has previously revealed he loves falafel, avocado, beetroot and fresh fruit. Hamilton has even embraced hummus, claiming that he tries and eats some “every day”. He told Vanity Fair: “I used to look at hummus and I was like, ‘No way would I ever eat hummus!’ And I love it now. It’s my go-to thing every day”. The Mercedes ace even believes the new diet has improved his fitness levels despite concerns from doctors that he would not get enough protein.