Tottenham have been dealt a major blow as Antonio Conte is set to miss their crunch encounter with Manchester City on Sunday after he underwent an operation earlier this week. The Italian is likely to be absent from the dugout for the Premier League game, according to reports, and would be replaced by his assistant, dealing a massive blow to Spurs' chances of victory. The 53-year-old underwent surgery to remove his gallbladder after it emerged he had been feeling unwell with severe adnominal pain complaints, prompting Spurs doctors to investigate and later take action. Conte has been in his native Italy recovering after the surgery was successful and, while thanking supporters for sending messages to him, he vowed to return to the dugout as soon as possible. However, it seems that the home fixture to face Pep Guardiola's Man City has come too soon. According to the Daily Mail, Conte is still in Turin as of Saturday evening and the 'expectancy' is that it is unlikely that he would rush back to the UK for the game. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Conte sends fans message in first words after surgery Conte woke up from his procedure on Thursday to send a message to Spurs supporters via his official Instagram page and to give an update on his progress. “Thank you for your lovely messages, my surgery has gone well and I’m already feeling better," the Italian said. "Now’s time to recover, I can’t wait to get back on the field with the team.” The Spurs tactician was in the dugout as recently as a week ago after watching his side cruise past Preston North End 3-0 to advance to the fifth round of the FA Cup. But after news emerged of his surgery, assistant coach Cristian Stellini stepped in to deputise for media duties and it appears the Italian will replace Conte for the match against City. DON'T MISSTottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed Stellini admitted he was left "sad" after hearing of Conte's illness but vowed to continue the Tottenham boss' work into the next match, having taken training in his absence. “We are upset,” he told reporters. “It was Antonio who called me and explained the situation. "Last week he had a problem that we thought was flu, not a problem like this. When he discovered this, it was a surprise and he was so sad, but we have to keep going and work. “We had time to speak to Antonio before the surgery about the way to prepare for the [City] game. Then we lost him for 12 hours, the time for him to have the surgery. The surgery was not difficult and it’s important he recovers well – this is the most important thing.”