This year's Spanish National Culture Awards were held at the Pignatelli building in the city of Zaragoza, in the north of Spain. For the glamorous occasion, Queen Letizia stunned in a semi-transparent pastel pink dress featuring black and pink floral embroidery. The beautiful gown had three-quarter-length sleeves and a long flowy skirt. The Spanish monarch accessorised with a pair of nude pink pumps from Magrit and a matching clutch bag. Letizia's dress is from British fashion brand Temperley London and she first wore it in 2019 during an estate visit to South Korea with her husband King Felipe. Back then, the stylish dress had a price tag of 1,700 euros or £1,509. Today, the Queen of Spain kept her hair loose and opted for discreet pieces of jewellery and accessories. Queen Letizia chose a pair of emerald and ruby maxi earrings from Tous and opted for a soft glam make-up look. READ MORE: Makeup artist shares eyeliner advice for an ‘instant facelift’ Royal fan @letizia_from_princess_to_queen said on Instagram: "This is one of my favourite dresses, and we only saw it once in Korea." Another one, @raquel.a.porcel, commented: "Very pretty, an excellent choice of dress!" Royal watcher @brsaisa said that the dress was "beautiful" and it looked "great" on the monarch, and another one said Letizia was simply "gorgeous". "The earrings do not look bad, they give a casual air," they added. "The truth is that the dress is so beautiful that it goes unnoticed!"  Instagram user @manjiarias opined: "This dress is a real gem! Perhaps less colourful earrings would have suited her better." King Felipe wore a dark grey suit and a burgundy tie, and was all smiles while congratulating the winners with Queen Letizia. Queen Letizia was a journalist and news anchor before she met the then Prince Felipe in 2002 during an official event. The couple soon announced their engagement and they tied the knot in 2004 at the Almudena Cathedral in Madrid, Spain. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert King Felipe and Queen Letizia were crowned in 2014 when the former King of Spain, Juan Carlos, abdicated. The couple now live at the Zarzuela Palace, in Madrid, with their two daughters: Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia. Queen Letizia is considered one of the most stylish royals in Europe, alongside Kate, Princess of Wales, Queen Rania of Jordan and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands. Marketing manager at jewellerybox and fashion expert Daena Borrowman commented on Queen Letizia's style saying she is "very much a modern-day royal in the sense that she has always been re-wearing and restyling key pieces from her capsule wardrobe". "She is a global fashion icon and her behaviour will inspire many people around the world to appreciate the value of second-hand," she said. The fashion expert added: "All royals are privileged because they have a devoted arsenal of stylists, dressmakers and assistants whose job is to keep the royal wardrobe in top form. "The job of these people is indispensable because working outfits have been worn when history itself was being made and therefore, they too are a part of history." 