As women get older, the “skin’s renewal process slows down”, and many experience thinner skin with “collagen and elastin levels decreasing”, resulting in sagging. “Skin also loses volume, looks thinner, is prone to dryness and starts to develop fine lines. Much of how quickly this happens is genetic, but a lot is environmental and caused by UV light.” Express.co.uk spoke to Sonal Keay, the founder of This Is Silk about the brand’s new overnight oil and cream cleanser, as well as the best ways to reverse visible signs of ageing. This Is Silk is known for its beautiful silk pillowcases, eye masks and hair products, but more recently it’s branched out into the beauty industry. Sonal explained why: “I experienced first-hand the healing powers of silk for my own skin condition as a teenager, and upon researching in the British Library why it was helping, read that silk has been used in Japan and Korea for centuries for its benefits for the skin. “Silk comes from a cocoon, and the primary function of a cocoon is to be a barrier, like our skin, so this makes silk - which is very biocompatible, superb for our skin. 80 percent of the amino acids in our skin are also in silk. “We branched out into skincare because customers who had seen the difference a silk pillowcase made to their skin started asking us about it - ‘can you bottle it?’ - and my view is that skin should be strong and healthy first and foremost. “Without the foundation of healthy skin, all skincare is doing is papering over the cracks. Silk in skincare is healing, strengthening and helps with signs of ageing.” READ MORE: 50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream The Radiance Renewed Silk Overnight Oil (£49) is known as “Silk in a Bottle”. Developed after three years work, the oil contains silk peptides, bakuchiol and rosehip to repair and renew the skin as you sleep. Sonal added: “The ingredients are really, really effective, all with a lot of science behind them and the ingredients address multiple signs of ageing. “Also, I think the oil is a joy to use. Silk is an experience and we wanted an oil people really enjoy using - it contains Jasmine, Rose and Neroli and it smells divine.” As for how the oil works, she revealed: “The key ingredients have been chosen for their reparative, restorative qualities - they are best in class - and the main thing we wanted to achieve was to accelerate the rate of cellular regeneration. It is this process that slows down as we age, and it is why our skin tone changes and becomes duller. DON'T MISS...Five air fryer mistakes to avoid or risk a ‘potential fire hazard’ [EXPERT]Letitia Dean ‘looks amazing’ after dropping four dress sizes [PICTURES]Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims [VIDEO] “Silk in particular is a healing material - it has been used as a biomaterial for skin tissue engineering because the silk encourages skin cells to be laid down in an ‘orderly fashion’. “Rosehip oil and seed extract help with the cellular regeneration too, and this quicker cell renewal process leads to brighter skin. “Silk peptides are cell messengers, which signal to our skin to create more collagen and elastin, which helps with skin elasticity, and the Bakuchiol is a proven alternative to retinol. “It works in the same way as retinol does, but without the sensitivity, irritation or sensitisation to UV light.” READ MORE: Makeup artist shares eye makeup mistake women 40+ should avoid The ingredients “stimulate the production of collagen, improve elasticity and ‘bounce’, diminish the appearance of fine lines and help with hyperpigmentation and this can be seen reasonably quickly. Skin will look brighter, more even and plumper”. The oil is best used on “freshly cleansed, damp skin, at night as the last step in the routine before bed”. As for how long it takes to see visible changes or results, Sonal said: “A significant (visible) result will be seen within 12 weeks at the most but customers have reported changes within a fortnight.” The cleanser, on the other hand, is to be “massaged onto the face”. It also comes with a “silk cleansing cloth [which] should be fully moistened with warm water and then used to gently wipe off the cleanser (along with the remains of the day)”. The silk cloth is also good for skin and can remove makeup too, “but the extra long-lasting mascaras may need a little more massaging”. The Silk Cream Cleanser (£42) is oil rich and “deeply cleanse skin whilst leaving it nourished and hydrated and seriously soft”. Sonal added: “The Silk peptides here are the main ingredient for ageing and even though a cleanser is a wash off product, the peptides are small enough to penetrate the outer layer of the skin. “Vitamin B5 and probiotics are excellent skin conditioners for mature skin prone to dryness and mango seed butter is a superb moisturiser with naturally occurring vitamins A and C for brightening and firming qualities.”