Donald Trump has three key challenges to his return to the top job in 2024 after losing his White House seat to Joe Biden in the last presidential election. Political strategist William S. Bike told Express.co.uk getting voters to express their support for him in the Republican primaries will be key to getting him on the final ballot box. But he also warned Trump will likely face a further challenge to win back disenchanted donors all the way up to election day. Bike said: "To win the nomination, Trump must get his voters out to the polls. "It’s not enough that they’re with him in spirit; they must go out and get him the nomination because the party bosses no longer want him. "Once he wins the nomination, he has to court big-money Republican donors, such as Koch Industries, whose spokespersons have said they don’t want Trump to be the nominee. "But the big-money Republican donors hate Democrats even more, so they will support whomever the Republican nominee is, including Trump." JUST IN: US fighter pilot yells after spotting mystery UFO: ‘Wow, what’s that?’ Bike further added Trump would need to curtail Democratic voting efforts as a large turnout for Biden would widely affect his numbers across the country. The Winning Political Campaigns author added: "To win the general election, Trump has to suppress Democratic turnout, which is why there is a constant Republican campaign of calling President Joe Biden too old (even though Trump in 2024 will be the same age as Biden was in 2020) and cognitively impaired (even though Trump has had some gaffes himself), to dampen Democratic ardor for their candidate. "In addition, Republicans in various states have passed laws making it harder for people to vote, because high turnout generally benefits Democrats, while low turnout generally benefits Republicans." DON'T MISS: Nikki Haley dubbed ‘unfit for POTUS' as 'insane' video unearthed [REPORT]MSU and Sandy Hook shootings survivor, 21, calls for tighter gun laws [INSIGHT]US Senator’s warning over Chinese spy balloon - 'Lock your doors' [ANALYSIS] Former Trump aide James Bacon also noted his ex-boss needs to start reaching out to new potential voters instead of loyalist MAGA supporters. Writing in Revolver, Bacon said: "In 2016, the crowds at Trump’s rallies consisted mostly of local working-class people. "Now, it’s the same travelling band of MAGA activists who follow him to every rally. This creates the illusion that Trump is reaching more people than he really is. "Trump should focus less on rallies and focus more on interacting with people who wouldn’t otherwise see him." He also urged the former President to fully reclaim his spot on Twitter as the platform would offer him a better chance of engaging new backers. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews