The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is reminding state pensioners with a physical or mental health condition to check whether they are eligible for Attendance Allowance worth up to £92.40 every week or £4,804 over the course of the year. New claimants could also qualify for the £150 Disability Cost of Living Payment which will be paid in the summer to help households with the rising cost of living. Approximately £15billion is unclaimed in benefits in the UK every year as millions of Britons, including pensioners, miss out on vital financial support. Earlier this week, Labour MP Stephen Kinnock asked DWP what steps it is taking to “ensure those eligible for Attendance Allowance are receiving it”. The Daily Record reports that Pensions Minister Laura Trott MP, said: “Information on the availability of Attendance Allowance is already widely available, including online on GOV.UK; from places such as Libraries and Doctors Surgeries; directly from Health Care Professionals who might be supporting those with care needs; and from a range of groups and charities who provide advice and support to elderly people with care needs. READ MORE: 21 highest paying side hustles that anyone can do including retirees Attendance Allowance is designed to help with extra costs associated with a physical or mental disability but people do not need to have a carer to make a claim. Britons should apply for Attendance Allowance if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night - even if they don’t currently get that help. Attendance Allowance isn’t just for people with a physical disability or illness, people with a mental health condition, learning difficulties or who are deaf or visually impaired can also apply. In total there are 57 illnesses the DWP lists as potentially qualifying for Attendance Allowance, though illnesses and conditions not on the list may also be eligible. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING]   At least 56 health conditions qualify for Attendance Allowance:  Thousands of pensioners are also missing out on Pension Credit - which tops up the state pension for older people earning less than a certain amount. A pensioner couple in their 80s discovered they were owed £160 a week in Pension Credit after a quick five-minute check. Benefits expert Paul Breeden told Express.co.uk: "Tom, 88, and Valerie, 82, contacted us as they thought they might be missing out of benefits. We did a check and found they could be missing an extra £160 a week Pension Credit. "It took just five minutes to check for them. No one was going to tell them, they had no one to ask until they asked us."   Claiming Pension Credit could also lead to further 'freebie' benefits such as housing benefit, support for mortgage interest, a council tax discount and a free TV licence for someone who is 75 or over. There is a benefits calculator on GOV.UK, or people can ask Benefit Answers for help people checking what they're entitled to. All benefits including Universal Credit, PIP and Pension Credit are rising in April 2023 to keep up with inflation. The new Pension Credit rates from April 2023 will be: 