  A Place in the Sun star Jonnie Irwin, 49, has thrown himself into home renovation after discovering he has terminal cancer. Back in November 2022, the Escape to the Country presenter was given the devastating prognosis that he only had six months to live.      Despite the fact that he is living with terminal cancer, Jonnie has remained upbeat and has previously said he hopes his choice to reveal the news would inspire others to "make the most of every day". The Channel 4 star has since been occupying his mind with some exciting home renovation plans. Jonnie lives with his wife Jessica Holmes, 40, their eldest son Rex, three, and two-year-old twins, Rafa and Cormac. Sharing a picture of various ceramic worktops, he told his 153,000 followers yesterday: “I’ve had an idea of designing a separate worktop for the en-suite and tying it in with some brushed brass fittings. READ MORE: Kate Garraway supported by celeb pals after confronting Matt Hancock    “Got these samples with varying degrees of gold as samples to consider. “It’s just an idea but to get them delivered to my door from my friends @mayfair_worktops within a day gives me a bit more time to procrastinate! Thanks guys. #refurbishment.” (sic) Soon afterwards, Jonnie shared a video about painting which he captioned: “Choosing a paint colour.” “Don’t do what everybody does and get a little pot and paint patches on the wall,” he explained. “It’s useless.”     Holding up paper, he continued: “Get a lining paper and paint the whole bit of paper with the paint. “Therefore, you can put it on the wall and see what it looks like in direct sunlight and how it looks in indirect sunlight. “But, more importantly, you can get to see how it reacts to different colours - if you want to do a feature wall - or maybe a different coloured wardrobe. “And, as important, you can see how it reacts when it reflects its own colour on itself. Doing it this way gives you much more flexibility and you can use it all the way round the house.” READ MORE... Priscilla Presley goes to court to seek changes to daughter's will [LATEST] Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir [UPDATE] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [NEWS]     Jonnie’s helpful tips come after he announced the news of his incurable cancer to the world last November in an interview with Hello! Magazine. In the heart wrenching chat, the presenter shared how his lung cancer has sadly spread to his brain and he “didn’t know how long he had left”. The star spoke about early warning signs of his illness, which came while he was filming A Place In The Sun in August 2020 in Italy. Jonnie recalled how his vision became blurry while driving, which happened shortly before he was given his terminal diagnosis.      “Within a week of flying back from filming, I was being given six months to live,” he explained. “I had to go home and tell my wife, who was looking after our babies, that she was on her own pretty much. That was devastating. All I could do was apologise to her. I felt so responsible.” He continued: “One day, this is going to catch up with me, but I’m doing everything I can to hold that day off for as long as possible. “I owe that to Jess and our boys. Some people in my position have bucket lists, but I just want us to do as much as we can as a family.”   