The footballer, 33, and his wife, 30, revealed on Saturday that their youngest son was born 12 weeks premature earlier this month. The two-pound newborn is still in the hospital as Josh emotionally explained the situation adding that they hope to take him home in the coming months. Josh and Hollie shocked fans as they shared a snap of their newborn on Instagram over the weekend. The parents placed a hand on their newborn’s tiny head, as pipes, tubes and medical equipment filled his little incubator. They revealed that their son, whose name is yet to be announced, was born on February 11, weighing just 2.4 pounds, almost half the weight of average newborns in the UK according to Medical News Today. Hollie shared a few more pictures of their new bundle of joy, featuring his incubator and another of him clutching his mother’s chest in a blue knit beanie that dwarfed his little head. READ MORE: Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'something else' as actress declared 'not meant to be' One snap moved some fans to tears as Josh and Hollie’s older son, Joshua James who has just turned one, gazed at his little brother through the top of the incubator. The entrepreneur penned a lengthy and emotional message alongside the collection of photos, thanking the Princess Alexander Hospital in Harlow for their work in taking care of both her and her son. She wrote: "At 28weeks, 12 weeks early our beautiful baby boy was born 11.2.23 at 6.08am weighing 2.4lbs. “Caught us by surprise for sure but we can’t thank @princessalexandranhs midwives, nurses, doctors and everyone associated enough for making what has been such a difficult time that little bit easier, you have truly been amazing.” Hollie explained that the delayed announcement was largely because the “past two weeks have been manic to say the least”. The 30-year-old admitted it has been “very scary and emotional”, but the family are keeping their hopes high as they stay by their son’s side. She continued: “All we can hope for is our ray of sunshine keeps improving and getting stronger ready to come home in the next couple of months please god. “Our baby boy is looking healthy and we simply couldn’t love him anymore already.” Hollie also thanked their close circle of friends and family for supporting them through this turbulent time, adding: “We can’t wait until you get to meet him.” She heart-wrenchingly concluded: “Life throws up the unexpected and can be difficult at times but as they say remember there will always be a happy ending if you are willing to fight for it and he certainly seems to be a fighter…. You’ve got this son. “Ps your big brother is waiting for you.” The post received tens of thousands of likes and endless comments, including some support from the couple’s celebrity friends and family. Josh’s sisters shared some love, as TOWIE star Jess penned: “Love beyond words, our little warrior.” with Natalya adding: “The most crazy & most scary couple of weeks. He is our little fighter. We love you so much already baby. Cannot wait to meet you xxxx” His brother Mark declared “Love you to the moon and back” and Michelle Keegan shared: “We can’t wait to meet you little man. You’ll be home very soon.” Josh’s mother, Carol Wright, shared a heartwarming message: “I can not express how brave, kind, loving courageous parents you are. “You both are the best parents ever, and this little angel couldn’t wish for any better to help him grow in to the son you have.”