Manchester City could reportedly drop down four divisions if they are expelled from the Premier League with the EFL holding 'no obligation' to accept them. The Sky Blues could drop all the way down to the National League if the extraordinary scenario came to fruition, meaning Pep Guardiola could take charge against the likes of Wrexham next season. City have been referred to an independent commission after being charged by the Premier League with breaking over 100 financial rules and regulations in a nine-year period between 2009 and 2018. The club have always denied any wrongdoing and will challenge the charges strongly. Should the Citizens be found guilty, the club could face a range of severe penalties with points deductions, huge fines, transfer bans, spending limits, stripped titles and even expulsion from the Premier League on the table. READ MORE: Arsenal can get Mudryk revenge with star Chelsea once valued at £100mREAD MORE: Man City must have three Premier League titles stripped if guilty If the latter were to happen then the club would face being dropped into the Championship however the Telegraph reports that the EFL would be under no obligation to accept them. As a result, the club could face a fall of four divisions as they wind up in the National League alongside the likes of Wrexham, Chesterfield and Notts County. The commission's strongest power is to expel clubs from the Premier League but not relegate them. The EFL would therefore hold the power over whether or not they would like to accept the club in the Championship. The scenario would be somewhat similar to that faced by Rangers in 2012 following their liquidation. The Gers were dropped to the fourth tier of Scottish football and it took four years for them to return to the top. DON'T MISS Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warning  No timeline has been placed on the commission's investigation and given it has taken the Premier League four years just to get to this point, a conclusion is unlikely to be found in the near future. It could be years until the saga is brought to an end with the prospect of expulsion hanging over City until then. City have faced sanctions for their financial dealings before with UEFA banning the club from the Champions League for two years. However, the club challenged the decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport where the decision was reversed and reduced to a £9million fine because the charges were 'time barred'. The Premier League is not bound by the same rules and any decision cannot be taken to CAS however there is an internal appeal process where City can take any ruling. 