And dates which have a bad vibe from the planning stages will typically be cancelled 19 hours in advance of the event. The top excuses given to get out of a date include an emergency at work, unwell relatives, and a broken-down car. But the number one go-to for avoiding a meeting with someone is claiming you don’t feel well. The research was commissioned by breakdown provider, Britannia Rescue, part of LV= General Insurance, which has joined forces with TV personality Denise Van Outen to set up a “Dateside Rescue Hotline” – generating excuses to help people make a swift exit from a boring date. Denise Van Outen said: “Over the years I’ve certainly been on my fair share of bad dates. “We all know there’s nothing worse than when you just don’t click with someone, and desperately want to be rescued. “I had a lot of fun coming up with the excuses for this one, and hope the hotline goes a little way to help elevate the pain of bad dates this February.” The study found 44 percent of those polled have used an excuse to get out of going on a date altogether, while a fifth have left halfway through. Other reasons included work deadlines, friends or family showing up unannounced, and being stuck in traffic. Of those who have left mid-date, popular tactics to “escape” were friends phoning with a fake emergency, claiming to have a headache, and even saying your pet is ill. It also emerged almost one in four (23 percent) admitted to “ghosting” someone by stopping all contact with them before a date, while three in ten have been stood up. But 58 percent have sat through a meeting despite knowing there was no spark – because of a need to be polite (72 percent), a hope it might get better (37 percent), and feeling uncomfortable saying anything (36 percent). However, for 48 percent, honesty is the best policy, and they claim to be upfront with the other person about why they are leaving or cancelling a date. Tell-tale signs a date might not be right before even arriving included poor conversation flow (52 percent), struggling for topics to talk about (50 percent), and no sense of humour (48 percent). While rudeness (48 percent), constantly checking their phone (37 percent), and an awkward atmosphere (36 percent), are behaviours which would cause people to consider making an excuse and leaving a date. For a meet-up to be considered a success, two-thirds (68 percent) need to feel comfortable, while 58 percent require lots of laughter – and 57 percent simply look for a “spark”. The study, carried out via OnePoll, found 53 percent claim to enjoy dating, and would even travel an average of 24 miles for a really good date. And the top dating venues or activities were found to be a restaurant dinner (38 percent), drinks at a bar (29 percent), and a walk (22 percent). Henry Topham, at LV= Britannia Rescue, said: “We’re all too familiar with knowing what it feels like when you need to be rescued – and while we’re traditionally in the habit of looking after broken-down vehicles, this February we’re happy to be stepping in to rescue daters from the awful pain of a bad date. “Does your date not look like their picture, or won’t stop talking about their ex? Don’t despair, because our rescue service is here to help.” The hotline will run from 1st to 11th February, from 5-9pm Thursday to Saturday – message “I need a Dateside Rescue” to 07830 794713, and wait to receive your excuse.