The US notified Russia of President Biden's secret visit to Kyiv ahead of his arrival, it has been revealed. The heads up was designed to avoid conflict breaking out in the capital during Biden's visit, national security adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters on Monday. The White House said the high-stakes visit to an active warzone was unprecedented and therefore called for special diplomatic measures. Biden spent more than five hours in the Ukrainian capital, consulting with President Zelensky on next steps, honouring the country’s fallen soldiers and seeing US embassy staff in the besieged country. It was the first time Biden has visited Ukraine since Russia's invasion last year. Sullivan said the White House alerted the Russians to the visit to prevent any potential for a catastrophic miscalculation during his brief visit. "We did notify the Russians that President Biden would be traveling to Kyiv," Sullivan said. READ MORE: Biden to fire back at Putin as war of words heats up over Russia's WW3 nuclear threats "We did so some hours before his departure for deconfliction purposes. And because of the sensitive nature of those communications, I won't get into how they responded or what the precise nature of our message was, but I can confirm that we provided that notification." The US and Russia have for years maintained "deconfliction" lines to decrease the risk of a confrontation that could quickly escalate into a broader conflict. The US European Command and the Russian Ministry of Defense established such a hotline in the weeks following last year's invasion. Putin has not yet publicly responded to Biden's visit to Kyiv but the Russian President gave a hawkish speech while Biden met his Polish counterpart on Tuesday. DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT The Russian leader announced the suspension of Moscow’s participation in the last remaining nuclear arms control pact with the US during his speech and made clear he would not change his strategy in the war in Ukraine. Putin emphasised, however, that Russia is not withdrawing from the pact yet and, hours after his address, the Foreign Ministry said Moscow would respect the caps on nuclear weapons under the treaty. The ministry also said Russia will continue to exchange information about test launches of ballistic missiles per earlier agreements with the United States. The speech reiterated a litany of grievances he has frequently offered as justification for the widely condemned military campaign, while vowing no military letup in a conflict that has reawakened Cold War fears. READ MORE: What Joe Biden has promised Ukraine during his historic surprise visit to Kyiv US Secretary of State Antony Blinken described Moscow’s decision to suspend its participation in the nuclear treaty as “really unfortunate and very irresponsible”. “We’ll be watching carefully to see what Russia actually does,” he said while visiting Greece. Biden, speaking in Poland a day after his surprise visit to Ukraine, did not mention the START suspension but blasted Putin for the invasion. He pledged continued support for Ukraine despite “hard and bitter days ahead". “Democracies of the world will stand guard over freedom today, tomorrow and forever,” he said at Warsaw’s landmark Royal Castle before a cheering crowd of Polish citizens and Ukrainian refugees. Putin’s announcement about the START Treaty was the second time in recent days the Ukraine war showed it could spread into perilous new terrain, after Blinken told China over the weekend it would be a “serious problem” if Beijing provided arms and ammunition to Russia. China and Russia have aligned their foreign policies to oppose Washington. Beijing has refused to condemn Russia’s invasion or atrocities against civilians in Ukraine, while strongly criticising Western economic sanctions on Moscow.