King Charles and Prince William are not seeing eye to eye when it comes to the attendance of the Coronation of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, reports have claimed. And one commentator has noted that friction between father and firstborn over the "thorny question" of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be "disastrous" for the Firm. In an op-ed, Australian commentator Daniela Elser noted how Charles and William seemingly grew closer over the past few years, as they share the same destiny and purpose, overcoming their differences and a reported similar temper. However, the upcoming Coronation and the issue of whether the Sussexes should attend it may create a divide between the monarch and the heir, the commentator said. She wrote on News.com.au: "But now that father-son bonhomie could be under threat, with a growing chorus of warnings suggesting that Charles and William are at loggerheads as they tussle over the thorny question of what the hell to do with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex." Ms Elser continued: "Charles, reportedly, wanting the Sussexes back where he can see them for his Coronation and William wary of letting them anywhere near the SWI postcode let alone Westminster Abbey. "What matters here is not just what resolution they might all reach about the Coronation but the fact that any sort of growing wedge between Charles and William would be disastrous." She added "another destabilising and distracting family feud" is the "very last thing" needed by the Royal Family as the row is still raging with the Sussexes. A fallout between Charles and William would "further diminish what standing the monarchy has right now", Ms Elser also warned, as the King is meant to be a "unifying national figure" but would be leading a rather fractured family. Multiple reports over the past few weeks have claimed the monarch wants his second son to be present at his Coronation on May 6 and will invite him and Meghan. The Sun claimed over the weekend organisers are working on the assumption Meghan and Harry will be present at the historic event. The publication also claimed one of the working theories devised has been dubbed "Harry in a hurry", which would see the Duke attend the event without his wife and flying in an out of the UK within 48 hours. READ MORE: Kate hires new top aide described by source as 'ball-breaker' On the other hand, reports have claimed the Prince of Wales was left "burning inside" following the publication of Prince Harry's book, which included potentially damaging claims against William and a description of their degrading relationship. William is also said to be worried the Duke and Duchess of Sussex may "steal the limelight" with a "stunt" during their trip to the UK for the Coronation, the Mail has claimed. Neither Prince William nor King Charles have publicly spoken of the possible presence of the Sussexes at the event, and Buckingham Palace hasn't yet disclosed a guest list. Prince Harry, when asked by ITV's Tom Bradby whether he would attend the Coronation if invited, said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. "There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they can... that they are willing to sit down and talk about it, because there’s a lot that’s happened in six years. And prior to that as well." Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams previously told Express.co.uk he believes William and Charles will work "in tandem" over the issue of the Sussexes. He said: "Reports have placed William’s understandable anger over the Sussexes revelations at odds with Charles’s desire, as monarch, for a show of unity when he is crowned. "However I would be surprised if they were not working in tandem to ensure that if the Sussexes do come - and we have no way of knowing if they will - they are controlled."