Santander is just one of the many high street banks that have announced a series of branch closures over the coming year to transfer more of their banking services online. The decision comes as the bank has witnessed an “acceleration” in customers visiting branches less and more using online, mobile and telephone banking “for convenience”. In a statement on each of the branch closure reports, Santander wrote: “Our customers are continuing to change the way that they manage their money. “Many more of our customers find it convenient to do their day-to-day banking using online, mobile or telephone banking and as a result, customers are visiting our branches much less.” It continued: “This has been a gradual change for many years but has accelerated recently. Due to these changes, we’ve reviewed the ways we serve our customers, taking into consideration many factors including where a branch is located, how it is used, and the other options available to bank locally.” The reports then disclose the decision to shut down the respective branches before listing alternatives for local customers per closure, either determining bank ‘merges’ or directing the next nearest branch. READ MORE: Full list of NatWest branches closing in 2023  Santander has announced it will be closing seven branches this year, including: According to Santander’s Bluewater Shopping Centre branch closure report, up to 84 percent of customers were found to transact using mobile, online or telephone banking between January 2022 and June 2022. DON'T MISS: Mortgage warning as interest rates ‘likely’ to continue to increase [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Woman shares 'great' method to earn an extra £1k a month in local pubs [EXPLAINED]    It then suggested the next nearest branches be located in Dartford and Gravesend. Up to 79 percent of Sheffield Meadowhall branch customers were found to be using mobile, online and telephone banking services as per this branch's report, however, the number of customers only using the branch was reported to be much higher than Bluewater’s 198, amassing 497 between January 2022 and June 2022. Santander suggested the next nearest branches be Rotherham and Sheffield Fargate. READ MORE: NatWest customers can now get 6% interest rate on regular savings  The Manchester Piccadilly branch will merge with the branch on Cross Street as one site, approximately 0.3 miles away. Derby St Peters Street sees at least 75 percent of customers use online, mobile and telephone banking, and suggested the next nearest branch be Derby Market Place. According to the report, the decision to close the Milton Keynes branch in Midsummer Place and Grafton Gate East comes as a Work Café branch is due to open in Santander’s new Milton Keynes head office, Unity Place 200 Grafton Gate, Milton Keynes MK9 1UP in June 2023.  Up to 74 percent of customers at Santander’s Victoria branch were found to use online, mobile or telephone banking, and suggested the next nearest branches be situated in Piccadilly and Tottenham Court Road. According to data from LINK, the UK's largest cash machine network, up to 257 banks, from Natwest to HSCB are set to shut down this year. To see the list of bank branch closures, including HSBC, Natwest, and Lloyds, Nationwide, TSB, Barclays, and Halifax, click here. 