Rayan Rachedi was propelled into the spotlight last year thanks to the word-of-mouth success of the reality series The Traitors, which quickly became named one of the best shows in the history of British television. The mild-mannered lawyer found himself banished after failing to convince his fellow Faithfuls he wasn’t bumping off his fellow contestants in the middle of the night when suspicion fell on him for being a little too quiet. Hot on the heels of the success of The Traitors, the BBC wisely acquired the rights to the American edition of The Traitors complete with an array of larger-than-life reality stars thrown into the mix with members of the public and star Alan Cumming lording it up on hosting duties in the remote Scottish castle. Since then, many fans of The Traitors have been watching the American series to fill the gap and await a second series of the British version after the BBC confirmed it had recommissioned the show. Among the legions of viewers watching The Traitors was contestant Rayan, who offered his own insight into the show after binge-watching it in a matter of days. Reflecting on the inclusion of reality stars such as Kate Chastain from Below Deck, Ryan Lochte from Big Brother and Brandi Glanville of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills fame, Rayan said it "changed everything" about the show's dynamic. He went on to say: "The reality stars really know how to play games, they're used to these strategy games and they know how to manipulate, betray, backstab a lot more than we did going into the game - which gave them a huge advantage against the civilians! But at the same time it's a massive disadvantage because it means the other players knew to expect tomfoolery! READ MORE: Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson "I have to admit we lost a little bit of the brilliance of the UK show: what was great with the UK show was how normal we all were - just ordinary people from all parts of the UK going into the complete unknown, doing something we'd never done before. And that's why I was 100 percent rooting for the civilians until the end. "But the celebs really did bring the drama and I love the drama. Seeing Kate throw barrels off the hill during the barrels task was insane - civilians would have never dared to (mind you, if someone had done this in the UK version, I'd have thrown them off the hill to go get those barrels back, money is money!)." Despite the outrageous behaviour of the reality stars, Rayan said he was still on the side of the civillians rather than the celebrities. He went on to detail his feelings about having reality stars in the British edition of The Traitors: "I think what makes the UK game so cool is the way we're just normal innocent people who had no idea what they were getting themselves into until we rocked up to the castle and Claudia sent two of us packing - that's when the game really began for us and we thought, 'Oh wow, TV is really brutal'. "Not having any sort of preparation or experience made this adventure really cool because every minute of the game was unexpected. And I'd love to see this again in next few series - just innocent people having the time of their lives with people they deeply love even though they knew each other for about as long as my morning commute. "I also thought that, in the US version, celebrities sometimes overshadowed the civilians - which is a shame because some of them had amazing strategies and were really good at it." Luckily for Rayan and other Traitors purists, the producers have previously ruled out a celebrity version of the show, preferring to keep the focus on members of the public - which is thought to be why the series was so popular. Rayan weighed in on the differences betweeen the US and UK versions of The Traitors, suggesting the Americans were much more "cold, calculated and brutal" in their gameplay versus of the more affable Brits. He said: "In the UK, we're a lot more polite, it was a lot more psychological, lowkey and quiet. In the UK, we're a lot more polite, it was a lot more psychological, lowkey and quiet. At the end of the day, we had as much drama, twists and turns - but we're a lot more polite about it. It's like you're backstabbing people but saying "I'm sorry" at the same time - when in the US they're a lot more brutal." Nonetheless, Rayan also noted some similarities between the two versions, particularly how "groupthink took over" with people quickly becoming outsiders with the pack turning on them - much like what happened to him during his fateful final time at the Roundtable. Since appearing on The Traitors, life will never be quite the same for Rayan who still gets recognised in court while doing the day job as a lawyer. He said: "Things have definitely been wild since the show came out with so much hype. I think the biggest change has definitely been the outpouring of love on social media - I have been getting so many really nice messages from people who related to my adventure and who I was on the show and felt represented by me and seeing all the love and thank yous for me, a stranger who only just went on TV being myself, has been pretty wild! It's also always really funny to get recognised on the street or on a night out and to meet so many nice people who have seen me on TV. The love has definitely been the biggest change for me." DON'T MISS...Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [VIEWER REACTION]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [INSIGHT]Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [VIDEO] But this isn't going to be the last fans of The Traitors will see of Rayan with the contestant working on a podcast with his fellow Traitors alumni Ivan Brett and Wilf Webster to discuss strategy games. They will be looking at the different strategies employed on all these TV shows from the likes of The Mole and The Apprentice to Bog Brother. Rayan said he was also now craving adventure and drama since appearing on the series and wanted to hopefully do more of this in the future. He said: "Outside that, because I've definitely had struggles in life, I am hoping to use the platform I acquired since the show to open up conversations about mental health - being very honest about my struggles and how I dealt with them in hopes that it may help others open up is something I'm very keen to do in the future and I am hoping I can use my platform for that!" The Traitors UK and The Traitors US are streaming on the BBC iPlayer now