WARNING: this article contains spoilers from the Outlander TV series and books Outlander started off with Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) travelling through the stones to the past. The 20th century time traveller quickly had to come up with a cover story but eventually told her husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) the truth. Since then, their daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) came through time. Moreover, Outlander had several time travellers who had already traversed different time periods including Geillis Duncan (Lotte Verbeek) and Wendigo Donner (Brennan Martin). But there are also questions over which of the non-time travellers among the characters know the truth about Claire, Brianna and Roger. Lord John Grey (David Berry) has been close to Jamie and some fans are curious to know if he is aware of Claire’s big secret as a time traveller. Jamie spoke at length about his love for Claire during his incarceration at Ardsmuir Prison. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage In Diana Gabaldon’s novel A Breath of Snow and Ashes, Brianna told Lord John about being a time traveller, shortly before she went back to the future with Roger for surgery on their daughter Amanda’s heart. Brianna told Lord John she would reveal more about her mother and time travel in exchange for information on her half-brother William Ransom (Charles Vandervaart). Lord John also wanted to know where Brianna was raised with her telling him Boston and saying she was American - this is before America existed. Although Lord John didn’t seem to believe it, he accepted it for her sake. However, later in Written In My Own Heart’s Blood when Claire and Lord John married after Jamie’s supposed death, time travel was addressed again. Claire said she knew Brianna had told Lord John where they really came from and asked him if he believed it. Lord John still didn’t seem convinced but seemed to later change his mind when he asked her about it. Claire also told Lord John how Major John André (JJ Feild) would be hanged in a couple of years’ time for being a spy. Additionally, Claire would used words like “jettison” and “sophisticated” which seemed to jar with Lord John, particularly when she asked him if people were using the first word. Given how close Lord John is with the Frasers, it seems likely at some point he will finally accept Claire and Brianna are time travellers even if he doesn’t truly understand it. Aside from Lord John, Young Ian (John Bell) knows his aunt Claire is a time traveller, acutely aware she is not from this time. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt sparks uproar as BBC fans blast 'biased' interview [VIEWER REACTION]Death in Paradise episode 7 will welcome back series 12 guest stars [INSIGHT]Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore [VIDEO] In the show, he described her as being from the fairies and understood his cousin Brianna and Roger are not of this time. Interestingly, in the books, Fergus (César Domboy) and Marsali Fraser (Lauren Lyle) are both aware Claire is a time traveller but not in an explicit way. The time traveller tells Fergus and Marsali about when the American Revolutionary War concludes with the implication she would have told them about her abilities and would know how the conflict pans out. But this doesn’t seem to be the case in the TV show with the couple supposedly oblivious to the truth. Outlander season 7 will air later this year and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now