The Glazer family are reportedly being kept up to date on Manchester United’s internal investigation into Mason Greenwood. The forward had charges against him dropped earlier this week by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). Greenwood was suspended by United last January after being charged with attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. Though the CPS announced on Thursday that those charges have been dropped, with a spokesperson saying: “We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. “In this case, a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. “We have explained our decision to all parties. We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.” United then announced that they would be conducting their own internal investigation on the matter before determining their ‘next steps’, which could include Greenwood returning to training. According to The Athletic, the Glazer family will be kept ‘aware of developments’ from the investigation and the Red Devils have not set a date that it must be completed by, though it is said it is ‘unlikely to drag on’. United have reportedly taken the view that despite the 21-year-old being a player, he should be treated like any employee and thus it is unnecessary for an external investigation to take place, which would be led by someone away from the club, which is why the club will instead undertake an internal inquiry. They want to ‘understand the circumstances around the allegations’ and will look to speak with former employees about Greenwood – they are also committed to seeking out other sources to find out what they need to. United opted not to open the internal inquiry whilst a criminal investigation was ongoing, though now feel it is the appropriate time to assess the situation themselves. It is unknown whether the first team will be consulted on the matter or if the leaders in the dressing room will act on behalf of the whole squad to provide a general feeling on the situation. Erik ten Hag is yet to work with Greenwood as he was not the manager at the time of his arrest, though the former Ajax boss has stepped to the side to ensure that the club are able to investigate the situation. It is also unknown whether he will be consulted on the matter.