Police had to take a swan "prisoner" after it caused a bit of avian-themed havoc yesterday. Comical scenes unfolded in Plymouth, Devon, as the bird was spotted waddling around a harbour where it was reportedly removed by a drunk man. Officers from Devon and Cornwall Police were called to the scene at 6.20pm, reports Plymouth Live, stating the swan was involved in a collision on Mutley Plain after its removal from the Harbour. After this, members of the public reportedly wrapped the swan up in order to prevent it from injuring itself, with officers then placing it in the back of the car. Thankfully, the incident turned out safely for "every swan" involved. Contact Officer Mel Rooks who took the call for the incident stated one of the comments on the police log was "just passed someone stroking a swan", adding it was her "comment of the day". According to the officers involved on Twitter, the swan was safely transported to a local veterinary centre where it was then being "nursed back to health". They added that it took "great skill and determination" to safely capture it and place it in the back of the police car. Remarking that it was "not your usual prisoner", it certainly brings to mind the renowned running joke from comedy classic film Hot Fuzz where Sergeant Nicholas Angel and PC Danny Butterman are plagued by a rogue swan throughout the feature.  Users on Twitter warned D-Section to prepare themselves for the wave of guaranteed film references and quotes from Edgar Wright's classic. Officers even played along with the joke, adding the hashtag #ItsJustTheOneSwanThen in reference to the much-loved film's hilarious continuous gag. Charlie Hockin even remarked that he thought the swan was wearing sunglasses. He tweeted: "Why did I think that it was wearing sunglasses!?" A spokesperson for Devon and Cornwall Police said: "Police were called at 6.20pm yesterday to Mutley Plain following reports that a swan had been removed from the harbour by a man, who had left the area prior to police arrival. "It was reported that the swan had possibly been hit by a vehicle. Members of the public had wrapped a blanket around it and called the vets. It was taken to the vets by officers and left in their care."