 In 2021, Lady Gaga’s dog walker was shot and two of her French bulldogs were dognapped while the singer was filming House of Gucci in Italy. Now, one of the co-defendants is reportedly suing the star over the $500,000 reward she offered for her pets’ safe return.   Jennifer McBride is one of the co-defendants charged in connection with the theft of Lady Gaga’s prized French bulldogs and the attempted murder of her dog walker. When the dogs were stolen in February 2021, the musician posted on her social media accounts offering a $500,000 “no questions asked” reward. Two days after the robbery, Jennifer reported that she had found the dogs, responded to the reward notice and brought the pooches to the LAPD Olympic Station. The Guardian reported officers noted that Jennifer seemed “uninvolved and unassociated” with the incident when she returned the dogs. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden for days as she admits 'I have been poorly for so long now'  However, Jennifer claims she was denied the advertised half-a-million reward and has requested that the court triple the damages to $1.5million for allegedly breaching the reward contract. Jennifer filed the lawsuit on Friday, alleging that Lady Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta, never intended to pay the reward, accusing her of fraud by false promise and fraud by misrepresentation. Additionally, Jennifer also alleged that despite the “no questions asked” stipulation that the musician had published, she had been questioned by law enforcement when she returned the dogs. In the lawsuit obtained by ET, Jennifer claims she has "endured pain, suffering, mental anguish and loss of enjoyment of life" as a result of the situation.  The Guardian reported that Jennifer was charged with receiving stolen property and accessory to attempted murder soon after delivering the dogs to the police station. NBC News noted that Jennifer pleaded no contest to receiving stolen property and was sentenced to two years probation. Deputy district attorney for Los Angeles, Michele Hanisee, told NBC News that Jennifer “had known at least two of her co-conspirators for years”. She continued: “It was clear from the evidence presented to the grand jury that Ms McBride knew the dogs have been stolen in a violent robbery in which Ryan Fischer had been grievously injured.”  In February 2021, three men were allegedly roaming through West Hollywood looking for expensive dog breeds to steal for profit. They reportedly came across Lady Gaga’s dog walker, Ryan Fischer, as he was walking the singer’s three prize-winning dogs. The group stole two of the dogs, Koji and Gustav, and Ryan was shot with a semi-automatic handgun during the robbery. In April 2021, the alleged culprits were arrested on charges that included attempted murder and robbery. In December 2022, James Howard Jackson, one of the three men who were charged in connection to the robbery, received a 21-year prison sentence.  He had pleaded no contest to one count of attempted murder, as reported by The Guardian. Following the traumatic incident, Ryan revealed that the singer had been very supportive throughout his recovery. He told CBS This Morning in late 2021: “She's been a friend for me. After I was attacked, my family was flown out and I had trauma therapists flown to me. “I stayed at her house for months while friends comforted me and security was around me.”