Unforgotten is returning to ITV later in February and DCI Jess James (played by Sinéad Keenan) is taking over the lead role. Determined to make a good first impression with her new colleagues, will Jess be in the right frame of mind to deliver and inspire the team? Actress Keenan opened up about filling her predecessor Nicola Walker's shoes. The new season will see DCI James's first day in her new job with an "unforeseen and devastating introduction to her family life". The official synopsis adds: "Cassie will be big shoes for her to fill. "Does she have the resolve, professionalism and spirit to live up to her much-admired and respected predecessor?" Nicola Walker left the series in 2021 after six years as DCI Cassie Stuart, following a freak car accident. As for her successor, Jessie is in no mood to make friends and has little interest in solving murders. READ MORE: Unforgotten season 5 will return in February 2023 Speaking to The Telegraph, the newcomer said of her character: "I fully anticipate that, for at least the first half of the series, nobody’s going to like me. "With the team, she’s constantly measured against the brilliance of Cassie, and their love for her: ‘You picked this eejit?’ And the audience will be doing the same.” When asked if it was an immediate 'yes' when she was offered the part, she said: “I saw the reaction when Cassie died and I thought, ‘Oh, God, woe betide anyone who takes that on.’ "Then I got a call from my agent saying that the people from Unforgotten wanted to give the script to a handful of actors, and would I put my name in the pot? "I said, ‘Thank you very much, I’m delighted that they thought I’d be able, but no. "Nicola Walker is fantastic and so well-loved – who’d be the fool?’” After eventually being persuaded to read the script, she realised the writing was too good to turn down. She will star alongside Sanjeev Bhaskar as DI Sunil “Sunny” Khan in what will be the ultimate double act. DON'T MISS... Unforgotten season 5 suffers another casting blow Marriage star Nicola Walker's past co-stars labelled her 'laziest' Nicola Walker gives rare insight to marriage to Barnaby Kay The Irish actress, 45, is best known for her roles in Being Human and Fair City. Her first role was in 1999 when she was cast as the teenage girlfriend of Cillian Murphy in the film Sunburn. The star's other notable credits include Showtrial, Three Families and Deep Water. In 2012, she married Chris McGill, director at DustHouse Theatre, and the pair have two sons. Before actress Walker left her role in Unforgotten, she opened up about her decision to leave. The actress admitted Cassie was always put through through a story arc that would emotionally damage her. She told Radio Times: “The buzzword was that she was an empath, and the problem with being an empath is that eventually, you break. “I felt that to have her keep coming back would make her seem like a superhero. So it was very much a joint and long-planned decision.”  Unforgotten returns to ITV later in February