Mason Greenwood is reportedly set to become a father for the first time in the not-too-distant future as he continues to be frozen out at Manchester United and faces opposition from some of the club's female players. The 21-year-old, who recently had attempted rape and assault charges against him dropped, has not played for the Red Devils for 13 months and is not expected to return until at least the end of the current season. Greenwood will become a father later this year after recently learning that his partner is pregnant, according to The Sun. The player's family are said to be 'aware' of the news and are looking forward to the baby's arrival, which is expected to come in the summer. The former England international was arrested in January of last year after a woman made claims against him but was cleared of any wrongdoing three weeks ago. He remains suspended by United but still collects his £75,000-per-week salary as per his contract, which is set to run until the end of the 2024/25 campaign. It is said that Greenwood is desperate to return to United's first-team squad as quickly as possible in order to start rebuilding his career, but reports have claimed that some of the club's female players are vehemently opposed to the possibility of the forward being reinstated into the senior setup. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Enzo Fernandez reacts to Graham Potter sack pressure The men’s and women’s teams share a handful of facilities at United's training base at Carrington and a number of their female stars are thought to have told club officials that they would be deeply concerned if Greenwood was allowed to return. Another report from The Sun claims that a section of the squad hold 'strong views' on the situation, with a firm decision yet to be made on whether the United academy graduate should be welcomed back into the fold. Natalie Burrell, founder of United Women’s Supporters’ Club, recently insisted that she never wants to see Greenwood in a Red Devils shirt again and expressed her belief that he could eventually be given the boot by the club's hierarchy. She is quoted as saying: "United need to make a statement and letting him back would be the worst thing they could do. I don’t want to see him training, in a kit, or coming out at Old Trafford again, and I’m confident they won’t [let him]." Greenwood joined United at the age of six and has registered 129 senior appearances for the club since making his professional debut in 2019. He has also won a single cap for England but has not featured for the Three Lions in the last three years. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.