 On Sunday night, the highly anticipated BBC crime drama Happy Valley came to an end following a nearly decade-long rivalry between Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) and Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire). However, Good Morning Britain debated if TV shows are exploiting a serious subject.   Since first airing on the screen back in 2014, Happy Valley has followed the journey of sergeant Catherine Cawood and her aggressive nemesis Tommy Lee Royce. In the show, the criminal has a long history of horrendous domestic abuse crimes including against Catherine’s daughter, Becky. However, with some viewers feeling empathy towards Tommy and even attracted to the abuser, it’s highlighted a concern TV shows are normalising a serious issue. On Good Morning Britain, the ITV show debated whether or not TV directors, writers and producers are shining a light on violence against women or are dramatising it in an exploitative way. READ MORE:Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment   Introducing the debate, host Susanna Reid said: “Happy Valley will probably turn out to be the biggest drama certainly so far this year and probably of the year we want to watch it. “Do you think that’s unhealthy for us in the current environment?” Guest Bushra Shaikh replied: “It’s so unhealthy because we have to really consider this. We know that what we consume and what we watch has a direct impact on our thoughts and our actual behaviour. “So Happy Valley, as well as lots of other drama series, they do insight this violence against women, we really have to consider this.   However, writer Adele Parks told Susanna that viewers have the ability to switch off shows if they feel triggered by certain topics and don’t believe crime dramas are exploiting serious subjects. She slammed: “I don’t want us to become a nanny state, I genuinely believe the stuff we watch on Happy Valley and similar shows are shocking, they’re horrific. “Nobody wants that kind of thing to be happening in real life, but it does so I think it’s good that we’re shocked, that we’re horrified, that we want to do something different. “We’re perhaps more supportive of people who are going through that kind of thing.”  DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice viewers ‘fuming’ as Ekin-Su forced to leave competion [REACTION] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex wants to ‘take risks’ on show [INSIGHT] The One Show viewers blast 'car crash' interview with Simon Le Bon [VIDEO]  However, Bushra commented it’s concerning people are enjoying watching crime dramas as sometimes people normalise monsters who exist in real life. She added: “It’s the desensitization that eventually happens to people.” After watching the debate, many GMB viewers took to social media to slam Bushra’s comments on Happy Valley’s domestic violence storylines. Swobbie14 slammed: “@GMB stop this woke generation getting out of control. Tell the children to go back to school. This is just a TV show it’s not real life stop being stupid.   UncensoredEagle commented: “@GMB your debates on TV are ridiculous. Happy Valley is a TV show about get over it and talk about something that matters. Watching crime doesn’t mean you’re a criminal. What’s next ban action films? Ban sexual rom-coms? Julesontheearth added: “I think she is the only woman in the uk that thinks Happy Valley glamourised violence against women. It did the polar opposite #GMB” Laurenleygold said: “I usually see both sides of arguments, but this about Happy Valley is just crazy. If anything, the guidance about domestic violence that the programme put up at the end can only help. #GMB” GNutsofHorror slammed: “Seriously are we having this discussion about Happy Valley and violence, the same idiotic points about violence on TV making us violent? Just because some reviewers had empathy for the main villain in the show. @GMB you need to do so much better than this” Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV from 6am.