Priscilla is a content creator from New York City who shares her "cooking hacks and comfort meals" on her TikTok account @pr.iscilla where she has 67.6K followers. She shares recipes from cookies and tacos to the perfect soy sauce glaze. Priscilla shared one of her star recipes with her fans. The content creator wrote: "I spent two years perfecting my fried chicken recipe so you don't have to..." She went on: "Okay, hear me out. This batter is literally life-changing." The batter requires only three ingredients, and Priscilla swears by it. The ingredients are: "Half a cup of rice flour, half a cup of corn starch and 1 tsp of baking powder." Priscilla said: "It turns anything crispy and it's so good." READ MORE: 'Change your toast game' with bacon recipe Gordon Ramsay fans call 'absolutely exquisite' The cooking content creator shared the full fried chicken recipe, including her buttermilk marinade. She said: "This recipe is childproof and so easy to make. "The star ingredient is buttermilk, it tenderizes the chicken and will make it super juicy after frying." Priscilla then adds salt, pepper, garlic powder, paprika, chili powder, and dried basil, and whisks them into the buttermilk. She uses boneless skinless chicken thighs and chops them into small pieces. Then she mixes the pieces into the marinade and leaves the flavours to sink in for five to 24 hours in the fridge. Priscilla then makes the above batter and coats the chicken pieces with it. Finally, she shallow fries the chicken pieces on each side for five minutes each. DON'T MISSHow to make 'perfectly crispy' bacon in the air fryer [FOOD] Chef's bacon hack so 'the fat is perfectly nice and crispy' [COOKING] Air fryer pancake recipe for 'fluffy pancakes [TIKTOK] More food fans made their comments in the comment section. One wrote: "Thank you for your service" Dupinder Kaur said: "I use this batter for my cauliflower bites and the. Dip them in bread crumbs! The rice flour and baking powder make it so crispy." Another wrote: "Try Potato Flour instead of rice flour. Absolutely amazing." If it's a different type of dish you are after, why not try Rachael Ray's delicious pot roast recipe hack? The chef and television personality explained that her dish can serve around eight to 20 people, so it is perfect as a weekend dinner that the whole family can enjoy.