Chiefs of the AlphaTauri F1 team face a tough decision - 'move to England or be sold' - after a new Red Bull development. The team made its F1 debut in 2020 with Frenchman Pierre Gasly giving the team their only win at the Italian Grand Prix. Just days before the new season starts in Bahrain, website Auto motor sport has reported that the team faces the big decision This comes after a development at Red Bull with Oliver Mintzlaff being appointed the new head of sports in the Red Bull Group. It is reported that AlphaTauri's base in Faenza, Italy is being questioned, while the team's aerodynamics department are currently based in Bicester. Only Williams scored less points in the constructors' championship last season with neither driver Gasly or Yuki Tsunoda finishing on the podium. The results mean that AlphaTauri will receive £88.2million less than parent club Red Bull who dominated the drivers' and constructors' championship last season. The report states that due to financial pressure, moving the team to England and closer to Red Bull is being considered. READ MORE: AlphaTauri unveil 2023 F1 car with a new livery for Nyck de Vries and Yuki Tsunoda   A second option highlighted in the report is the sale of the racing team and Auto motor sport states there are already three interested parties. Earlier this month, FIA bosses revealed the criteria for new teams interested in joining F1, which includes a bill of £264,000 for interested constructors to apply. The earliest a new team would be able to join the grid would be 2025. However, buying an existing team already in F1 could be the cheaper options for suitors like Andretti’s F1 project. DON'T MISS:  A new criteria focusing on sustainability has also been added with teams needing to provide plans of how they aim to get to net zero by 2030. New constructors would also have to outline plans for diversity and also achieve a “positive societal impact” through joining the sport. However, potential buyers for AlphaTauri F1 face a £585.9m price tag, according to Auto motor sport. Applications for new F1 teams must be received by April 30 with the FIA to make a decision over the new entrants by June 30. 