Arsenal are reportedly keen on signing a right-back this summer. It is claimed Mikel Arteta has his eye on two options in that position. Ben White has played at right-back for the majority of this season. He has overtaken Takehiro Tomiyasu as the first choice for Arteta. Cedric Soares left to join Fulham on loan on deadline day in January. The Portuguese still has over a year remaining on his contract but his future in north London looks bleak after featuring just four times in the first half of the season. White has had a strong campaign but it appears Arteta wants to add further depth on the right of defence. Real Valladolid youngster Ivan Fresneda was linked with Arsenal and Newcastle in January. READ MORE: How Man Utd dressing room 'privately reacted' to Ten Hag's treatment of Sancho  He only made his senior debut a year ago but is now a regular for the La Liga side. Transfer reporter Ben Jacobs, writing in his column for Caught Offside, claims Fresneda remains on Arsenal's radar. He says Fresneda is the priority target for Arteta at right-back. There were talks over a potential move in January, with the teenager heading back to Valladolid on loan for the remainder of the campaign. But Fresneda wanted to stay put and will see out the rest of the season before a potential move in the summer. Meanwhile, Jacobs claims Arsenal's second option at right-back is Southampton's Tino Livramento. Livramento has been hampered by injury problems throughout his time at St Mary's. He ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament in April last year and hasn't played since. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover plunged into doubt as Glazer 'reservations' come to lightMan Utd can sign two strikers for the price of one and save Ten Hag millionsChelsea owner Boehly begins summer fire sale with 'fee agreed' for starlet  The former Chelsea youngster suffered a setback in January when he attempted to return for Saints' second-string team. But Jacobs says there is interest from Arsenal, who are keeping an eye on his situation. If Livramento can return and prove his injury problems are behind him, he may be a long-term option for the Premier League leaders. The 20-year-old left Chelsea to join Southampton in the summer of 2021 after over 10 years in the Blues' academy. Chelsea have the option to buy him back this summer but that appears unlikely at the moment. The Blues have Reece James and have already signed Malo Gusto from Lyon, who is spending the rest of the campaign back on loan with the French side.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here