Turkey has been struck by another earthquake of magnitude 5.0, hitting the Hatan province on Thursday. This is the fourth quake to hit the region this month. 47,000 people have died in the aftermath of the three earlier earthquakes. The epicentre, according to the Disaster and Emergency Management Authority (AFAD), was near Defne, a small town outside of Antakya and close to the Syrian border. A 5.8 magnitude aftershock occurred on Monday after the recent 6.4 magnitude earthquake, which was centred in the area. According to Hatay Governor Rahmi Doan, a number of structures that had previously sustained damage from earlier quakes collapsed as a result of the 5.0 magnitude quake. Suleyman Soylu, the interior minister of Turkey, reported that 3 people died and 213 were hurt in the quake on Monday. The fresh earthquake caused a number of buildings to collapse, trapping people inside, Hatay's mayor Lutfu Savas said. Syria, Jordan, Israel, and Egypt all reported feeling the quake, according to Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency. Several media outlets in Syria's Idlib and Aleppo provinces, which were severely damaged by the recent 6.4 magnitude earthquake, are reporting that some structures have collapsed and that areas of the region no longer have electricity or internet connectivity. The latest earthquake comes as more than a million people were left homeless and 47,000 dead after two devastating earthquakes struck the south-central city of Gaziantep earlier this month. It was the deadliest seismic event in Turkey's history. READ MORE: Another huge 5.0 quake hits Turkey weeks after thousands killed 43,556 people have died as a result of the magnitude 7.8 earthquake in Turkey, Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said. In total, 47,244 people have already died in Turkey and Syria. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan declared construction work on nearly 200,000 apartments in Turkey's earthquake-ravaged provinces will begin next month. The NATO military alliance has pledged to send more than 1,000 containers that will serve as temporary shelters for at least 4,000 people left homeless by the earthquake. DON'T MISS:Christian Atsu's wife shares heartbreaking message after tragic death [REPORT]Syrian earthquake 'miracle' child reunited with aunt and uncle [REPORT]Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after quake [REPORT]  A ship carrying 600 temporary container dwellings has departed Italy and is on its way to Turkey, the military alliance said. Earlier this month, leading seismologists told Express.co.uk more earthquakes and aftershocks could hit the country. Dr Susan Hough, a leading scientist who oversees the US earthquake-monitoring agency USGC, said there "remains a one-in-ten chance" another earthquake of magnitude 7 could occur in the region. President Erdogan regime's response to the earthquake has drawn criticism from opposition parties who lamented the delayed rescue operations and have since formed an alliance to challenge him in the upcoming elections. Sinan Ciddi, an expert on Turkey's domestic and foreign politics told Express.co.uk it is "difficult" to say at his point whether the earthquakes could hinder Erdogan's re-election bid in May. He added: "That being said, the temptation and will to contain dissent and delay the election is likely to increase. Erdogan does not have a democratic bone in his body. The thought of being held accountable for this disaster has never crossed his mind. "He therefore will not want to face the electorate anytime soon, but the question remains as to how he will try and postpone the elections. The Constitution does not permit such delays." READ NEXT:Britons donate almost £100m to victims of Turkey-Syria earthquakeBenitez was 'in contact with Atsu' before footballer's tragic deathChristian Atsu's agent says body has been found under rubble We can avoid the cruel nature of mankind but we don'tMosque gets vile letter saying ‘not enough Muslims’ died in quakes