Fashion expert Miranda Holde is an acclaimed stylist who has worked with a variety of celebrities in her career. She enjoys speaking about royal fashion on her TikTok page @themirandaholder, and recently Miranda has spoken about Meghan Markle’s “royal style muse” Queen Letizia of Spain, whose outfits she has emulated at multiple events.    Meghan Markle “most notably” gets her style inspiration from Queen Letizia of Spain according to the fashion expert. Miranda began her video on TikTok by saying that the Duke of Sussex had a “fabulous choice” in inspiration because the Spanish Queen was “so elegant and stunning.” Miranda explained: “Their style has always been quite similar, both ladies favour a simple slightly more minimal uncluttered look, and they both wore the same red leather pencil skirt by Boss within days of each other.” Queen Letizia first wore the red leather skirt before Meghan when she was on a royal trip to South Korea’s capital in October 2019. According to Miranda, Meghan then wore the skirt also in October 2019 shortly after Queen Letizia did to attend a discussion on gender equality for the Queen’s Commonwealth Trust. READ MORE: Kate experienced wardrobe malfunctions due to bad weather - pictures Both Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia wore the same coloured burgundy pumps with the skirt but Queen Letizia opted for a white blouse that highlighted her figure and had a more chic look due to the floral sleeves of the blouse. The fashion experts said that while both royals looked amazing in the Boss red leather skirt, they both wore it differently. Meghan Markle teamed the skirt with a “tight-fitting burgundy V-neck sweater” according to Miranda while Queen Letizia “paired it with a statement blouse.” Miranda then said she loved both fashion choices, she believed Queen Letizia had the best outfit out of the pair. She said: “On this occasion, I think Queen Letizia took the biscuit for the best outfit but both ladies do have immaculate style.” DON'T MISS:52-year-old woman looks 20 after refusing to dress her age [REVEAL]Kate's style mistake proves she’s ‘mastered the art of fashion' [REPORT]Sarah Ferguson divides opinion in £446 blazer - some call it 'hideous' ]INSIGHT] Meghan Markle seems to have been quite taken with Queen Letizia’s style as the pair have both worn similar outfits on many royal occasions. Queen Letizia and Meghan Markle have worn similar baby blue shirt dresses while on duty, as Queen Letizia wore her outfit while on an official trip to Mozambique while Meghan Markle wore a blue shirt dress to Tonga as part of a royal tour when she was still a working royal. The two royals also both favour belted coats, as Meghan Markle is well-known for her iconic but simple coats in white and beige paired with knee-high boots, while Queen Letizia has also been spotted wearing similar outfits, only she has favoured making a statement in red. Meghan has also been known for her simple but elegant formal outfits such as her black trousers paired with a shirt plus black heels, and Queen Letizia is also known for her similar chic look in dark neutral colours.    On TikTok, Miranda Holde’s comment section was divided on which royal had the best look. Someone else in the comments said that Meghan Markle has a “Califonia elegance” and is the best dressed out of the pair and another comment said that Meghan Markle had a “classic Southern Califonia style.” Another popular comment argued that Meghan had not been “able to pull off” the same outfits as Queen Letizia while someone else said there was a “huge difference” in how both royals looked. They added that they thought Meghan Markle looked “very unkept” in her style. Someone else said that Meghan Markle “always slays” while another user was upset over the implementation that the Duchess of Sussex was inspired by the Spanish Queen, as they wrote: “The Duchess Meghan has her own style, she looked to no one.” However, the most popular comment on the video by a user named Audrey said: “Queen Letizia is the best-dressed royal! I am always amazed she doesn’t get more press on this.”