Kris Jenner was also present at the ceremony and she was the one to officiate it. Writing on her Instagram, Ellen said: "Portia surprised me at her birthday party by renewing our vows. Thank you @KrisJenner for officiating and @BrandiCarlile for performing, and Portia for being the greatest gift to me, even on your birthday." Meghan and Harry evidently seem to be friends with Ellen as they were part of the intimate group witnessing her wedding vow renewal. It seems they were friends with many of the guests too as a body language expert noted that the two were "socialising apart", standing on opposite sides of the room. Judi James said: "This video seems to show a brief but unique glimpse of Harry and Meghan watching Portia and Ellen re-take their wedding vows. "It is unique for two reasons: firstly the normally gummed-together couple are socialising apart here, standing at either ends of the group just as we thought they were inseparable. "The second reason is that, in a room where Ellen and her responses are the centre of attention and even Kris Jenner is there to officiate, Harry and Meghan are almost lost in the group rather than being the centre of everyone’s focus. "Their body language as they stand apart shows two very contrasting responses to what’s happening in front of them, too. "Harry looks happy but also rather formal. "His legs are splayed, one hand is in his pocket and he holds his drink high, around lower chest level.  "He looks delighted for the couple but also slightly cautious in his responses." Judi went on to say that Meghan, on the other hand, "looks a lot more relaxed and part of the group". "She seems to have pushed her bag under her arm and seems to be joining in more, clapping, laughing and even. "She is also seen placing one hand over her mouth to empathise with Ellen’s shocked response." The body language expert added that "both Harry and Meghan seem to be immersing themselves in the party vibe, and their separation here does seem to suggest that Harry has now launched fully into the social life in the US". "This means he doesn’t need Meghan to act as support or host. "Meghan is just enjoying herself without seeming to need to keep an eye out for her husband in what is predominately a celebrity party group, which suggests a very relaxed and maybe more socially confident stage of their relationship." Speaking at the ceremony, Kris Jenner said: "These two are couple goals that continue to amaze me with how good they are together. "A match made in heaven, two peas in a pod. "Their love and commitment to one another is amazing and it makes me so happy that they have each other to love and cherish and grow." Ellen told her wife, Portia: "I love you, I adore you and I would not be on this earth without you. You save me every day." The TV host was surprised with the gesture as part of her 50th birthday celebrations.