Ozzy Osbourne, 74, has shared one of the "hardest things" he has ever had to do as he announced that he will no longer be touring with Black Sabbath. The legendary singer took to Twitter to share a lengthy statement with his upset fans. Ozzy shared a statement in view of his 5.5 million Twitter followers with the caption: "This is probably one of the hardest things I've ever had to share with my loyal fans..." The statement read: "As you all know, four years ago, this month, I had a major accident, where I damaged my spine. "My one and only purpose during this time has been to get back on stage. My singing voice is fine. "However, after three operations, stem cell treatments, endless physical therapy sessions, and most recently groundbreaking Cynbernics (HAL) Treatment, my body is still physically weak. READ MORE: Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir "I am honestly humbled by the way you've all patiently held onto your tickets for all this time, but in all good conscience, I have now come to the realisation that I'm not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn't deal with the travel required. "Believe me when I say that the thought of disappointing my fans really F**KS ME UP, more than you'll ever know. "Never would I have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way? "My team is currently coming up with ideas for where I will be able to perform without having to travel from city to city and country to country." The statement continued: "I want to thank my family... my band... my crew... my longtime friends, Judas Priest, and of course, my fans for their endless dedication, loyalty and support, and for giving me the life that I never ever dreamed I would have. "I love you all. Ticket refunds are available at point of purchase." Many of Ozzy's loyal fans rushed to the comments to wish the Black Sabbath frontman the best of health, while accepting his sad realisation. MarkatDHSC said: "I’ve been fortunate to see you perform live a handful of times over the years. Your endurance in the face of increasing physical challenges is inspirational. DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [PICS] Harry and Meghan exiled by Oprah and Obama over 'Sussex drama' [INSIGHT] Pamela Anderson's net worth amazed Netflix director [NETFLIX] "However painful the decision, it’s clearly the right one to preserve your health. No More Tears, keep barking at the moon." Trevoreo added: "You’re the toughest, strongest and most dedicated. It’s understandable with everything that you’ve been through. "Never once have I been disappointed. We know you’ll never officially retire and look forward to everything else you’re involved with in the future. We all love you, Ozzy." Mrithejester commented: "Health comes before everything else. Stay well, Ozzy, and keep making beautiful music." The 'No More Tours 2' UK and European shows were pushed back a number of times due to the singer's poor health and the Covid pandemic, before being rescheduled for 2023. He was due to perform shows in Nottingham, Newcastle, Glasgow, Manchester, Dublin, London and Birmingham across May and June. Ozzy has also cancelled European show dates. However, the singer has suffered a number of health problems in recent years including a Parkinson's Disease diagnosis, which he didn't tell the public about until 2020. The singer’s wife Sharon Osbourne recently opened up about her husband’s diagnosis, sharing: "Suddenly, your life just stops – life as you knew it." Last year, he also underwent major surgery to remove and realign pins in his neck and back.