NCIS fans were devastated when it was announced NCIS: Los Angeles would be coming to an end this year after 14 seasons on CBS. Thankfully, the spin-off has plenty of time to wrap up some loose ends, including the return of Hetty Lange (played by Linda Hunt), G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) and Anna Kolcheck’s (Bar Paly) marriage and even a long-awaited reunion for Admiral Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney). Christopher Gorham has been cast as Kilbride’s estranged son Alex for a “rocky reunion” in the final season of NCIS: Los Angeles. The actor is perhaps best known for his main role as Auggie Anderson in Covert Affairs. He has also made appearances in popular shows like Once Upon a Time, The Lincoln Lawyer and The Magicians over the years. Alex’s reunion with Kilbride is not expected to be an easy one, but hopefully, they manage to put some of their grievances aside before NCIS: LA airs its last-ever episode. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Earlier in the series, Kilbride revealed he has a son from one of his previous marriages. Although he developed a drug habit at one point he was also mentioned as having been an attorney, and it's unclear whether he still holds this position. Thankfully, it shouldn’t be long before viewers find out more as Gorham’s episode will air in the spring. It was also announced Marilu Henner would be appearing as Kilbride’s ex-wife who wants them both to reconnect with Alex. Unfortunately, Henner will not be appearing in Gorham’s episode, and it’s unknown if they’ll be showing up again later in the season. Nevertheless, Gorham’s casting is an exciting prospect for fans who have been wanting to get to know more about Kilbride’s mysterious life outside NCIS HQ. Back in season 13, Kilbride opens up about the mistakes he made with his family when he urged Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) not to do the same. “I have dedicated my life to the Navy, and I am proud of the career I’ve had,” he said. DON'T MISS:Lockwood and Co creator teases dark revelations in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE]Yellowstone’s Wes Bentley ‘in the dark’ about Jamie’s fate [INTERVIEW]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘frustrated’ as Lucy missing from promo [REACTION] “But I would be remiss if I didn’t acknowledge the other side of that coin. My wife wanted a husband, my son wanted a father, and I was neither. “At least my wife knew what she was getting into. My son didn’t have a choice. And there is not a day that goes by that I don’t question whether it was all worth it. “If only the process for biological parents was half as stringent as what you and Agent Blye are going through, then perhaps my son could have enjoyed his teenage years instead of spending them in rehab.” After his heartbreaking confession, Kilbride will hopefully get the chance to rebuild some of the bridges he burned when his son was younger. Deeks urged Kilbride to call Alex as it had been 10 years since they last spoke, though this hasn’t come to fruition just yet. As NCIS: LA will be ending once the season finale airs in May, it’s hoped showrunner R Scott Gemmill will leave the series on a hopeful note. While viewers are eager for Operations Manager Hetty to reunite with the team one last time, perhaps Kilbride can also get the happy ending he deserves. NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and Sky Max and NOW in the UK.