Manchester United talisman Marcus Rashford was reportedly close to joining Barcelona in 2019 however did not believe the move was right for him at that stage of his career, extending his stay at Old Trafford instead. The Englishman will be key for the Red Devils in the next couple of weeks as they look to beat the La Liga giants and progress in the Europa League. Rashford is enjoying one of the seasons of his life as he becomes the main man in Erik ten Hag’s side. He has scored 21 goals and contributed in 34 appearances in all competitions, 12 of which have come after the World Cup break as he goes from strength to strength. He will be the man that United fans pin all their hopes on when their team take on Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday. However, it could all have been so different after the La Liga giants made a serious attempt to bring him to the Camp Nou in 2019. Rashford was just 21 years old at the time and had just over 18 months to run on his contract. Mundo Deportivo reports that he was unsure whether or not to extend his deal and Barcelona sensed an opportunity as they sought a long-term replacement for Luis Suarez. JUST IN: UEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle Harry Kane, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Rodrigo, Luka Jovic and Antonie Griezmann were all in the club’s thinking with the Frenchman joining Rashford as one of the two preferred options. They held conversations with the England international’s agents but in the end he decided to stay at Old Trafford extending his deal until 2023 with the option of an extra year, something that has already been taken up. Rashford did not believe a move to La Liga was right for that stage of his career especially given he would have to get used to a different culture and language. He was also enjoying playing under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer with the Norweigian showing strong faith in him.  Griezmann eventually made the move to the Camp Nou in Rashford place however it did not go as he would have hoped. He has already returned to Atletico Madrid on a permanent basis following just 18 months at the club. Rashford will be central to United’s hopes of progressing in the Europa League as they look forward to the difficult trip to Barcelona, Kick-off is at 5.45 with the match broadcast live on BT Sport.