Piers Morgan, 57, found himself the object of Dom Joly's disapproval as the comic condemned his "obsession" with bashing "powerful women". Travel author Dom, who revealed that he knows Piers in real life, has urged him to take a step back from the internet and stop producing "verbal diarrhea". The 55-year-old warned: "With the first thing that comes to [your] mind, [you] don't need to instantly put it out on social media... have a think about it. It's just a lot better. "He needs to take a step back and stop being rude about other celebrities or women in general." He prescribed a full ban on Piers using the internet for a year, although it's unlikely the controversial broadcaster, known for his Uncensored show on TalkTV, is set to listen. Piers is fiercely opposed to cancel culture, and has interviewed numerous controversial personalities, from former US president Donald Trump to "self-confessed misogynist" Andrew Tate. READ NOW: Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance Dom continued: "He's incredibly smart, but I just don't understand what his deal is with a certain type of woman. "I don't think anything will ever calm Piers Morgan down," he exclaimed, pointing to his continued commentary about Meghan Markle, as well as his recent put-downs towards Madonna for trying to behave "like a sex kitten" in her 60s. "I think everyone could do with a weekend without their mobile phones and do something else and switch off, but I think Piers Morgan in particular could," Dom continued. "I don't know if he could cope with it [though]. I think if he spent too long off the phone, he'd have to stare into the dark abyss of his soul - like we all do!" Dom added that he doesn't believe anyone should be penalised or "fired" for free speech, even Jeremy Clarkson, whose column blasting Meghan received thousands of Ofcom complaints. However, he believes celebrities should consider the worthiness of their comments before publishing them in the media. "Everyone should stop expressing themselves as much. Just take your dog for a walk instead, tell your dog," he exclaimed. "We need a dog Twitter - we need to give the dog a bone!" DON'T MISS... Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES] Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE] Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW]  Among others that Dom would like to impose a phone ban on to prevent them hitting 'publish' are Prince Harry, whom he believes should simply "shut up and enjoy his money". Meanwhile, Dom actually has been separated from his phone on multiple occasions, one of the most traumatic times being when he attended his mum's funeral in Lebanon but couldn't get a signal. "I'd probably have been charged about £400 a minute [anyway]," he added. "In a weird way I felt good without it, but it was my mum's funeral and it was something I wanted to document." He was also forcibly separated from his phone when he visited North Korea as part of his research for his book The Dark Tourist, which saw him explore some of the world's most unlikely leisure destinations. "At the airport, they actually take your phone away. It's a totalitarian state that doesn't like you taking any photos or communicating with anyone while you're there," Dom winced, admitting that the border staff also confiscate books that they find "problematic". "It all gets put into an envelope in front of you and taped up. When it was handed back to me, the tape had been cut," he continued. "Someone had obviously been through it [although] I don't think they'd have got anything, apart from lots of pictures of me with my Labradors!"