Rishi Sunak has admitted that he is “100 percent” punching above his weight in being married to his wife, and says her love gets him through the day. Revealing more personal details about his life than he’s done before, the Prime Minister revealed how his other half Akshata Murthy gives him the "extra support" to do the gruelling job "when things are tough".     Speaking to Piers Morgan on TalkTV, he said: "Yes I definitely am batting above my average.   "I wouldn't have been able to do this job without her love and support."   When quizzed about what love means to him, the PM said:"There's lots of different aspects to it…   "The bit I'm probably most focused on at the moment and the bit that means most to me at the moment is the support that she gives me doing this job."    And he spoke about the moment that he proposed to Akshata, during a stay at a luxury hotel in California, USA.   He said: "We got engaged in a place called Half Moon Bay - it was a place that when we were students, we met when we were studying together in the States, and we used to walk in this area and look up at this nice fancy hotel that we never could stay in.   "Then I surprised her and we did go and stay there.  And with Valentine's Day fast approaching he revealed he is a fan of rom coms like Love Actually. The interview wasn't all about romance though and the PM faced some tough questions about the state of the country. He insisted that claims nurses in England get a worse deal that those in Scotland and Wales was "not fair". The rebuttal came as he clashed with Piers Morgan in the Downing Street chat, which was held to mark his first 100 days as Prime Minister. DON'T MISSPutin facing economic devastation as graph reveals European gas trend [REPORT]'All over the place' Sturgeon urged to resign in trans rapist row [ANALYSIS]Sadiq Khan confronted by heckler furious at ULEZ expansion [VIDEO] And he hit out at Nicola Sturgeon's plans to allow people to easily change their gender insisting that "biological sex matters." After the row over his decision to block Sturgeon's Gender Recognition Reform Bill in Scotland which would have allowed rapists to declare themselves as women and go into female prisons, the PM insisted "of course, I know what a woman is, an adult human female." He also pledged to bring in an asylum system which will have illegal migrants deported in "a matter of days or weeks". Mr Sunak also insisted that he will press ahead with the plan to send people who come in small boats across the Channel to Rwanda when the legal issues have been resolved with the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).  