Sharon Stone has been inundated with messages of support after she took to Instagram and shared her grief. The actress fought back tears in an emotional video as she thanked people on social media for their support. Sharon's brother Patrick has died at the age of 57, causing more heartbreak for the actress after the death of her beloved nephew, River. Patrick died suddenly in the early hours of Sunday morning in Pennsylvania. The actress confirmed that her brother died after he suffered a heart attack in the heartbreaking clip. She began: "Hello everybody. This message is to confirm that yes we did lose my brother. READ MORE: Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick ‘dies suddenly’ two years after nephew "Patrick Joseph Stone had a heart attack yesterday. Yes, he is the man who was the father to River, who we lost last year at 11 months old. "He is survived by his wife Tasha and his son Hunter and his daughter Kayleigh." She continued: "Like any family, we thank you for your love and support in this time of immeasurable grief." The tears began to flow down her face as opened up about the heartbreaking family loss. "We appreciate all of your condolences," Sharon continued. She finished: "Yes, we have had a tremendous amount of loss in these last couple of years, as so many of you also have, and we do greatly understand that the losses are for us here on Earth and I thank you very much for the love and support that you are showing us. "We just ask you to continue to be kind. Thank you." Sharon captioned the video: "Godspeed Patrick Joseph Stone [heartbreak emoji]." DON'T MISS... NYPD Blue child star Austin Majors found dead at aged 27[[LATEST]Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance[TV]Judge Robert Rinder pictured in hospital after undergoing surgery[TWITTER] The Basic Instinct actress was flooded with comments from celebrity pals who offered their condolences. Jeremy Renner shared a series of heart emojis, before adding: "Bless you." Kate Beckinsale commented: "Lots of love." John Travolta penned: "Dearest Sharon, I’m so sorry for your loss. I do understand very well what you’re going through. With love - JT." Gloria Estefan typed: "Sending love and prayers to accompany you and your family throughout this incredibly difficult time of grief and loss…" Hilary Swank shared: "Godspeed Patrick, and deepest condolences to you and your entire family." Niecy Nash wrote: "I’m so sorry friend." Sharon also uploaded two photos of her brother on the picture-sharing site, with the caption: "RIP my brother Patrick Joseph Stone."