The mother of convicted rapist and trans woman Isla Bryson has spoken out about her childhood. Bryson, 31, is currently awaiting sentencing after being convicted at Glasgow High Court in January for raping two women. Her mother Janet Bryson has said she is "disgusted and heartbroken" at Isla’s behaviour.   She told the Mail on Sunday that Isla gave no indication of being transgender as a child. Janet said: “I don't know why it took him until he was 29 to say he wanted to become a woman. But I understand why some people think it's just a way of getting out of going to a male prison. “My son never expressed any wish to me that he wanted to be a girl, dressed in any other way or ever asked to be called by any other name than Adam growing up. Never once, at the age of four or at any other age. “I would understand it more if this had been something he had been doing for years but that's just not the case.” READ MORE: Andrew 'hopes unsealed papers will demolish Virginia's story'  During her trial, Bryson said she identified as transgender from the age of four but only transitioned at the age of 29. The court heard that she is currently taking hormones and will undergo surgery to complete gender reassignment. Bryson was convicted last month of raping two women, one in Clydebank in 2016 and one in Drumchapel, Glasgow, in 2019. She committed the offences when she was a man, named Adam Graham. DON'T MISSRussia suffers highest casualty rate since first invasion [UPDATE]Veterans of Queen's Coronation politely ask King for special invite [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'out of place' Dancing On Ice dress [REVEAL]  Following the conviction, Bryson was placed in Stirling women's prison, causing political and public concern. Janet continued: “My son is a rapist. I don't see how he can go to a women's prison. I understand why people have been so worried about someone like Adam, who has done what he has done, being sent to a prison full of women.” On January 26, Nicola Sturgeon said Bryson would be held in an all-male prison. The First Minister said: “I don’t see how it’s possible to have a rapist within a female prison, even the understandable public and parliamentary concern.”   Bryson will be sentenced later this month. Mr Justice Scott, the judge, told Bryson at a previous hearing: “You have been convicted by the jury of two extremely serious charges; those being charges of rape.” He added the crimes were “considerable” and “a significant sentence is inevitable”.  