Around two million households are set to receive a £200 energy bill cost of living payment. The cash boost is aimed at those who don't use mains gas for heating their homes. To be off the gas grid means people don't use mains gas. That means they’ll only get the cash if they warm their home using alternative energy sources such as heating oil, biomass and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy this week launched its Alternative Fuel Payment (AFP) scheme. While many eligible households would have started receiving their payments from the start of February, a small minority of customers, such as those living in park homes or on static houseboats with no direct energy supplier, will need to apply to receive the payment through an online portal. More than 1.6 million are thought to currently rely on heating oil, including those in rural homes. READ MORE: Inheritance tax mistake could cost your loved ones thousands - how to avoid Businesses running off the grid, including shops, offices, libraries, schools, hospitals, factories and farms, will need to wait until March 10 for their cash boost, although the £150 could arrive earlier. Commenting on the measures, Graham Stuart, minister for energy and climate, said: “Our main energy bill support schemes have seen millions of homes and businesses across the country get much-needed help to cover costs, with figures today showing nearly £3billion in Government support has been paid out to business to date.” Mr Stuart said the Government is moving on to support those remaining few that are off the gas grid and are most difficult to reach. He continued: “I am determined to see households and businesses of all stripes protected from global pressures this winter – whether that’s those living in a houseboat, park home or operating a rural hospital or school.” READ MORE: 'Whole system needs reforming': New call to means test state pension age as Budget looms With the online portal due to open, ministers are, however, warning households to “stay vigilant” to scams and only to enter their details on the Government’s gov.uk website. The Government website will be providing all official communications to those who are applying for support. For people not eligible for the £200 or £150 for business, there's more they can receive. For example, there’s a £400 payment which has been split into six monthly instalments. Payments have been made since October, and the final payment will be made in March. For the majority of energy customers, their monthly bills are automatically discounted. However, households with traditional pre-payment meters are being sent vouchers to redeem at their nearest top-up point instead. Also, millions on benefits are in line for up to £1,350 in free cash from spring. The help is aimed to help soften the blow of high energy bills, food costs and other necessities. For more information, Britons can visit the Government website.