Sharing her quick cooking hacks for the perfect fry-up, the avid home cook revealed how she prepares each ingredient for the best taste. From sweetening the sausages to choosing hash browns over toast, the TikTok user shared the "five critical steps" she always follows for the ultimate results. Cooking lover Laura Kersev (@petalandflour) is known for putting a unique twist on classic recipes. From Chinese-takeaway-inspired fry-ups to chipotle beef eggs benedict, the self-taught chef has shared a host of unique tutorials. In a recent video on her profile, she showed viewers how to make a flavourful British-cooked breakfast. Laura said: "These are five critical steps I would never miss when making a fry-up. "Now, I've spent a fair few years of my life working in pubs serving up brunches and these are a few tips and tricks I've learned along the way." READ MORE: Brits share their top kitchen calamities - like missing ingredients The first step is to glaze the sausages with something a little sweeter than just salt and pepper. Laura explained that everything on a fry-up can be "quite salty", so using a honey and mustard glaze "adds a bit of that sweetness that a fry up needs". To cook them, she placed the sausages on a baking tray lined with tin foil where they can evenly brown in the oven. Next on the list of ingredients were perfectly rounded slices of beef tomatoes. DON'T MISS...Mum’s simple method for 'super crispy bacon' in under 5 minutes [REVEAL]'Key' ingredient for 'the fluffiest American pancakes' [INSIGHT]'Change your toast game' with Gordon Ramsay bacon recipe [RECIPE] According to the TikTok chef, roasted tomatoes are a staple item, and should be sprinkled with salt, pepper and sugar before roasting in the oven on a separate baking tray lined with foil. She said that the simple seasoning "caramelizes the top and keeps them all jammy inside", adding: "Oh it's so good!" Another key food to add to every fry-up is baked beans. Whether they're Heinz or not, Laura explained that she "loves them so much". The avid cook spiced up her tinned beans with a mix of dried herbs including smoked paprika, garlic powder, chilli flakes and black pepper. READ MORE: Four foods Royal Family will never eat including King Charles's rule To cook them, she stirred the beans over low heat in a saucepan to let all the flavours fuse together. Next up were the mushrooms. While they aren't everyone's favourite due to the often "slimy" texture, you can try seasoning them like Laura for a better taste. She recommended adding the slices into a preheated frying pan with no oil or butter at first as it "extracts all of the moisture out of them". The TikTok chef said: "I add a bit of butter, soy sauce, garlic and thyme. I'd say the mushrooms are probably my favourite part of the fry-up." When it comes to the eggs, Laura poached hers though you can add whatever you like. Cooking them with a runny yolk can add extra flavour to your plate so they are often better than scrambled. The final result was a flavoursome plate of bacon, sausages, beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, hash browns and poached eggs. In the comments, other TikTok users shared their own hacks. One commented: "Always have garlic butter going in a frying pan to throw my hashbrowns in when they're done in the oven...game changer." Another said: "My favourite tomato method is olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and lots of black pepper."