"I would have appreciated learning about the project from John rather than reading about it in the papers," she said. Indeed – the rest of us would have appreciated not hearing about it at all on the grounds it wasn’t happening. Is Mr Cleese mad? Has he had to pay up so much to fund his various divorces that he’s had to resort to desperate measures to raise a few bob? Fawlty Towers was comic perfection. There was not one misstep, not one false note – it is one of the most sublimely funny sitcoms ever made. And ironically, the star has always been praised for walking away from it when at the height of his powers. So many other excellent programmes have outstayed their welcome. This was just two series of six episodes each. “Always leave them wanting more,” is excellent advice to performers and Cleese took it. What on earth is he thinking? He risks sullying the heritage of his finest hour. It is also often forgotten that Fawlty Towers was not Cleese’s creation alone. It stands head and shoulders above everything else he’s done, including Monty Python, which these days comes across as dated and deeply unfunny. But as mentioned above, the star co-wrote the classic series with his soon-to-be ex-wife.  We will never know how much of its sublime comic genius was down to her, because you never do in collaborations, especially when they are married. The fact that the former Python never bettered it does rather suggest her input was pretty important. Without her, and with all due respect to Cleese’s daughter Camilla, who is to be his new co-writer, this rehash risks being a shadow of its former self. Nor was it all about Cleese: this was an ensemble effort. However Andrew Sachs, who played Manuel, is dead; poor Prunella Scales, aka Sybil, is suffering from dementia and Connie herself is clearly not going to be involved in the remake. On top of all that, in recent years Cleese himself has given every indication of having lost his sense of humour. Please, desist. Cease. Leave us our memories of the most perfect comedy ever made.  Eyebrows have been raised over Leonardo DiCaprio’s latest companion: Eden Polani is 19 to his 48, with some commentators calling it “icky”. It’s all in line with Leo’s rule never to have a relationship with anyone over 25. It’s really no more icky than Madonna and her toyboys, but a “relationship”? Most people believe that, ideally at least, a relationship should involve some degree of compatibility and ultimately shared history. Many years ago The Carpenters sang: “Let’s take a lifetime to say, ‘I knew you well’.” Not much chance of that in Chateau DiCaprio. His relationships seem pretty transactional: she gives him glamour and sex and Leo, inset, provides her publicity and holidays. It’s a relationship, Jim, but not as we know it. Could he have mother issues? Perish the thought.  It's all very well the Labour party describing the use of government credit cards as “scandalous” but, for a start, they were actually introduced by Labour back in 1997. Secondly, scarcely had the ghastly Angela Rayner stopped screeching about them, than it emerged she herself had bought an iPad and AirPods on expenses. Yes, such equipment might be necessary for the job, but they’re also a particularly nice bit of kit to have. And anyway, it was under Tony Blair that a real sense of entitlement began to enter Number 10: he wanted to introduce some sort of hospitality manager to Downing Street to give it the ambience of a five-star hotel. Meanwhile, his colleagues and cronies were lounging around on millionaires’ yachts or playing croquet. What a shower.  I cannot abide Jacob Rees-Mogg and cannot understand why the Tories allow him such free rein: every time he opens his mouth he damages the party. But to link him to right-wing extremists, as the Government’s anti-terror Prevent campaign has done, is quite ludicrous. This country is at risk from all sorts of extremists, but it ain’t coming from someone whose life’s work seems to be to return us to the 18th century. Never thought I’d say this, but give Jacob a break.  It's a pity Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng made such a pig’s ear of their time in government because it’s clear a lot of their ideas were right. Mulberry has just had to close its Bond Street shop as a direct result of a drop in foreign customers who can no longer reclaim the 20 percent VAT, which they can still do in continental Europe. Kwasi tried to reintroduce this incentive in his mini-budget, but it was reversed by Jeremy Hunt. So “getting Brexit done” comes down to the UK having a more onerous tax regime than the EU? The words “lunatics”, “asylum” and “taken over” come to mind.  Wee Jimmy Krankie seems to have come a cropper over her position on transgender rights. The sensible people of Scotland are furious that Nicola Sturgeon seemed to think it was fine to put a double rapist with fully functioning male genitalia into a women’s prison. Her approval ratings have collapsed so fast they have presented a danger to her support for independence. And so yet again we see the law of unintended consequences: the trans debate may yet save the Union. Stranger things, and all that.  A handbag once owned by Margaret Thatcher is coming up for auction in March and expected to fetch £6,000: cheap at the price. You know how the Holy Grail is said to have magical powers? That’s the Thatch Bag. Watch any mousy types who buy it shortly ending up as the Iron Man.