Last year, the rents increased by a whopping 9.7 percent due to an increase in tenants and a lack of properties available, according to Rightmove. In London, the average asking rent is a record-breaking £2,480 a month - a 15.7 percent increase on the year before. Rightmove has predicted rents will continue to rise in 2023 by five percent, putting further strain on tenants already struggling to afford the rising cost of living. Shockingly, more than half of private renters face poverty due to extortionate housing costs, according to the Joseph Rowntree Foundation's 2023 UK Poverty report. The shocking data also revealed that nearly a third of Britons living in poverty live in the private rented sector. With rents rocketing, and house prices remaining out of reach, many Britons are looking for a more affordable way to rent. A new online platform, called Kindroom, is offering tenants just that. Kindroom brings homeowners and potential tenants together in a mutually beneficial relationship. Rather than tenants paying a hefty monthly sum for a room, tenants can move into a room either rent-free or at a low monthly cost in exchange for their skills and expertise. READ MORE: ‘Holy grail’ product to ‘restore’ white bedding for 29p Kindroom advertises homes to let, but in return expects tenants to offer “valuable knowledge in a field, expertise in a subject area or…a valuable skill or skill sets that can be exchanged for a space or a room to save money on accommodation.” Founder of Kindroom, Bernard Darko exclusively told Express.co.uk why he thinks the platform is a “great alternative to the skyrocketing rents that we are seeing right now”. He continued: “For us, this is so important because it allows people to get back on their feet. “For some people, they don’t have money right now so this allows people to find somewhere to stay, and build themselves up financially before moving on and renting their own place. “There are also students who come over to the UK, they’re new to the country and everything is super expensive for them - especially foreign students. “Our platform is a great place for them. We have parents [on the platform] who want educators to teach their children maths, English and other subjects. These university students are the perfect candidate for that. They will be able to get amazing accommodation without having to pay the crazy fees students are paying right now.” DON'T MISS65p effective deterrent to stop rats invading gardens - ‘they hate’ it [INSIGHT]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE]Manhattan apartment has cheap rent - but it comes with a catch [ANALYSIS] The platform allows tenants to browse homes, rooms and spaces in their desired location. They can then apply for the tenancy of their choosing, providing they match the required services of the host. Kindroom requires hosts and tenants to register, similar to platforms like AirBnB and SpareRoom. Hosts can browse through the requests tenants have posted and select the tenants they feel matches their needs. They can then communicate with the tenants before making a decision on one. Kindroom currently has around 25 to 30 hosts using the platform with hosts looking for a variety of skills. One host is offering a free room in return for help with an ongoing court case while another is offering a free room in return for boxing, kickboxing and personal training sessions. Other hosts are looking for childcare and dog-walking, help to learn to drive, garden maintenance and someone with building/plumbing experience. READ MORE: Lookalike White House up for sale All of these skills are in return for either a free room or a small monthly fee of around £200 - a drop in the ocean compared to average rental figures in the UK. There are a number of properties currently available, in locations such as Nottingham, London, Huntingdon and even Poland and India. Bernard’s idea for the platform was born after his previous startup failed. He explained: “Kindroom came because we had a previous startup. We raised a bit of money but we ended up running out of cash. At this point, me and some of my friends were also renting and it was really expensive.” Bernard planned to raise more money, however, due to the coronavirus pandemic, they struggled and unfortunately had to let the company go. During that period, they looked around online to see if, in exchange for their skills, services and experience, they could find a place to stay. He continued: “We looked online - we actually thought something like this existed. We saw the behaviour was there and that people were asking for things. “This is where we had the ‘aha’ moment and thought, ‘why don’t we actually create the platform and allow this to happen?’. We did some more research into the product and the idea itself. We did a survey to see if this is something people were interested in and the results were good.” Looking at London specifically, Kindroom is looking to help fill rooms in the below homes in return for services (and sometimes a small monthly rental fee): Host requirements: Lucy and her daughter are looking to learn boxing or kickboxing and would like lessons and personal training sessions to incorporate fitness into their daily routine. Monthly rent: £0 Host requirements: Victoria is looking for someone who is able to take her two-year-old son to nursery at 9am each day, collecting him at 3pm and babysitting until 5pm while the parents are at work. She’d also like daily dog walking assistance for her six-year-old shih tzu. Monthly rent: £0 Host requirements: Peter is looking for someone that can help fix and service a few motorcycles, as well as an automotive electrician who can help with the custom-wire of his motorcycle. Monthly rent: £250 Kindroom is currently looking to raise investment over the next two months - any interested parties are encouraged to reach out to them.