After Tuesday’s episode of The Rookie, the show provided a thrilling preview of its upcoming instalment, which saw Simone Clark (played by Neicey Nash) make an unexpected appearance. While some were glad to see her and John Nolan (Nathan Fillion) share a screen again, other fans were frustrated at the thought of yet another crossover event. Just last month, The Rookie kicked off its season five mid-season premiere with an adrenaline-pumping episode alongside the agents from The Rookie: Feds. The spin-off then aired its own crossover event as the members of the LAPD and the FBI teamed up after a "bank heist leads to a high-stakes manhunt." Although this was a hit with fans, it’s clear bosses want to make a success of The Rookie: Feds as they have announced another crossover. However, this sparked major backlash with viewers who took to Twitter with fury. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error A fuming @amblue_eyes demanded: “Not another d**n crossover, make it stop!” @SarahBeth0524 hit back: “Please stop with the crossovers, especially if they’re not actual crossovers or at the very least stop calling them that if they’re actually not.” A third viewer @MidwestAvengers fumed: “Sick of these #therookie crossovers nobody wants.” A fed-up @michierox added: “I am so over the crossover events. Give me my #TheRookie show back. A crossover should be once in a while. Not every other week.”  Despite the backlash, others fans took to Twitter with excitement and support for the upcoming episode. A thrilled @Kakashi316 stated: “Sweet, I love crossover events.” As @Rbcachu92 added: “@#$% YEAH COUNT ME IN NEXT WEEK! #TheRookie #TheRookieFeds crossover event? IT WILL BE AMAZING.” Thankfully for fans, bosses provided an insightful trailer which revealed the show would be teaming up to take down returning villain Elijah Stone (Brandon Jay McLaren). DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [INSIGHT]The Rookie's Nathan Fillion 'heartbroken' as he makes announcement [INSIGHT] The Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tribute [REACTION] The episode titled The Enemy Within will undoubtedly be a gripping one as Sergeant Wade Grey (Richard T Jones) issued a major warning. He revealed: “Elijah’s orchestrating a large buy, we can’t allow that to happen.” The clip previewed a truckload of cash, which hinted Elijah could potentially team up with the notorious cartel, La Fiera. As he met up with queen pin Sandra De La Cruz (Camille Gauty) Elijah reached out his hand and stated: “Pleasure doing business with you.”  As a result, the LAPD and Feds will team up to put a stop to this high-stakes case. However, fans will have to stay tuned to see if Elijah will be able to escape imprisonment yet again. This crossover was teased in January as showrunner Terence Paul Winter described Nolan and Clark’s partnership as “gold.” Terence disclosed: “They have a very special relationship, and it's nice to touch base with them again. "We're going to do it again later in the season as well. Because that relationship is gold, seeing those two together,” he added to Entertainment Weekly.  The Rookie season 5 continues Tuesdays on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK. 