Wales rugby players have reportedly made a team decision to ban all Netflix cameras from filming them during their 'crisis press conference' held on Thursday. It was announced this week that Wales players were considering taking strike action over their contract stand-off. Recruitment has been put on hold for Wales' four professional regions with a new financial agreement being drawn up which would see basic wages reduced a long with a new bonus structure. The players are not happy with the terms and Alun Wyn Jones has admitted a strike is a "very real" possibility. "We're fortunate that we're all involved in a sport and a job we love," Jones said. "To fathom the fact we might not do that because of the severity of the situation is very real, but it's the last thing we want to do. "I can tell you every player wants to play rugby. We're fully aware of the privilege that we have, whether that be regional or international, but we can't be under the guillotine and be used in the emotive side of things when ultimately this is a career and a job. Again, being caught in the middle and held to ransom at times on other people's issues, with the same people in the region who have issued these contracts now being the ones to try and get out of it, it's hard to fathom, having been involved in the game for such a long time."  All this is happening in the backdrop of Rugby's own Netflix series being filmed around the Six Nations. But the Daily Mail report that Netflix cameras were 'thrown out' of Wales' press conference on Thursday. It is claimed that Netflix have been denied entry to all team meetings until a resolution has been reached with the Welsh Rugby Union. Jones is said to have refused to take his seat in Thursday's press conference until the Netflix cameras were out of the room. It was announced earlier this year that Netflix would be granted behind-the-scenes access for this year's Six Nations Championships for a show to be released in 2024. It's the latest sport to have Netflix cameras enter the fray following the success of Formula One's Drive to Survive.  This year has already seen Netflix release new ventures in tennis and most recently golf while talks are ongoing for a football series. Warren Gatland also spoke at Wales' press conference on Thursday and while he supported the stance his players were taking, he wouldn't go as far to back them if they choose to strike. When asked whether he would support the strike, Gatland said: "No. I completely support the stance they are taking in terms of wanting to get some resolution about the issues they have. "But I think there are a lot of things at stake in terms of ensuring that that fixture does take place. But like I have said, I am supportive of the players and the things they are trying to do."