Chelsea may reportedly be forced to send January signing Andrey Santos out on loan, with the midfielder still yet to receive his work permit. The playmaker is highly regarded at Stamford Bridge and was expected to feature in their first team for the second half of the campaign, though that now may not be possible. The Blues splashed the cash in January to provide Graham Potter with a squad capable of reviving their top-four hopes. Big money was invested into securing the services of Mykhaylo Mudryk and Enzo Fernandez, though the signing of Santos slipped under the radar. The Brazilian was brought in from Vasco de Gama for £18million, which could prove a shrewd piece of business if the talented prospect meets his potential. The 18-year-old has been in flying form at the South American U20 Championship, with dominant performances in the centre of the park mixed with a cutting edge providing Chelsea supporters with a reason to be excited. Though hopes of seeing Santos in the Premier League this season may need to be halted, with UOL reporting that the player still has not been granted a work permit. Chelsea therefore may be forced to send the 18-year-old back on loan to Brazil so he can accrue further points. Santos does not have enough points for the permit currently, though the Blues are reportedly hoping that their application for an exceptional talent visa will allow him to play for the club this season. If not, a return to his homeland beckons, with the European transfer windows closed. In order to maximise the number of points that Santos will earn, the player will need to head to a club competing in the Copa Libertadores. Vasco de Gama are not in that competition, though they would be happy to welcome back the talented teenager. The eight clubs competing in the Copa Libertadores are: Palmeiras, International, Fluminense, Corinthians, Flamengo, Athletico Paranaense, Fortaleza and Atlético Mineiro, and the prospect of acquiring Santos’ services until the end of the season could be an opportunity too good to turn down for several of those sides. Potter will be forced to rethink his plans for the second half of the season if his new signing is not eligible to play until the summer. N’Golo Kante is still recovering from a hamstring injury and is hoping to return soon, whilst Mason Mount is struggling for form despite being given numerous opportunities by the former Brighton boss.