Tom Hanks has had a long and illustrious career, from the likes of Big and Toy Story to playing Colonel Tom Parker in the Elvis movie. Known for his affable character, it may surprise fans to know he had a bitter feud back in 1989, while shooting Turner and Hooch. The buddy cop comedy saw Hanks play Detective Turner with his trusty canine sidekick Hooch, portrayed by Beasley the dog. Originally, the Fonz star Henry Winkler was hired to direct the movie, but after just 13 days was fired. So what really went down? The latter was asked by a fan during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen: “What was the real reason why you and Tom Hanks didn’t get along on the set of Turner and Hooch, and did you ever wind up seeing that movie?" The surprised host responded: “Is that a thing?!” At first, Winkler jokingly put his hand to his ear saying: “What did you say?” He then said: “I was directing that movie for 13 days, and then I was called into [former Walt Disney Studios chairman] Jeff Katzenberg‘s office and he said 'Do you have everything with you? Go home.' I got along great, great… with that dog. That dog… love that dog.” In the end, Winker was replaced by Roger Spottiswoode, who was best known for directing Shoot to Kill and writing 48 Hours. It turns out that the Fonz star and Hanks had big disagreements on how to proceed with the movie, as recalled by their mutual friend director Ron Howard. READ MORE: Ralf Little spills on humiliating insult he delivered to Tom Hanks Howard said: “It was disappointing. I’m friends with them both and both men felt compelled to come to talk to me about it. It was just one of those unfortunate things where they really had a working style that did not fit. I know it was painful for both of them and I was able to lend an ear, if not offer any solutions.” So is their feud ongoing over 30 years later? Winkler was asked by TMZ to clarify. DON'T MISSClint Eastwood – How Hollywood legend shut down Judi Dench on set [CLINT EASTWOOD]Elvis: Priscilla slams Colonel Parker horror stories 'He was caring' [TOM HANKS]Elvis movie review: Tom Hanks Colonel very much the villain of biopic [ELVIS MOVIE] Winkler said in a previous interview: “I don’t have a feud with Tom Hanks. I just saw him at the SAG Awards, it was beautiful.” Asked if he would work on a project with him, the Fonz starred replied he would and claimed they were friends. By the sounds of it, given the amount of time that has passed, both have since buried the hatchet. SOURCES: TMZ/THE GUARDIAN