Facial yoga is the practice of using your hands or specialised tool to sculpt the face. It's a natural anti-ageing method for those who don't want to go down the cosmetic treatment route. There are plenty of facial treatments or "tweakments" out there for women who want to look younger instantly. However, some of these can be pretty invasive and costly, so it could be worth trying an at-home method which does not cost a penny. Facial yoga, or facial massage, stimulates the production of collagen and boosts circulation. Not only this, it can sculpt the face so that it has a chiselled, more contoured look without makeup. READ MORE: Four items of clothing that age women instantly - 'frumptastic' This will make a huge physical difference when the skin begins to sag with age as elasticity is reduced. It's important to put enough pressure on the skin for it to make a difference - without causing pain. So your facial yoga tool - or fingers - can glide over your face seamlessly, you can use a skincare product such as suncream, serum or moisturiser to complete the massage. Fumiko Takatsu, founder of Face Yoga Method, shared a simple two-minute facial yoga routine that anyone can do at home. She said that even the "busiest" people among us can spare two minutes to take care of ourselves - "to look and feel good". Fumiko's first massage was for the forehead, to "lift up and smooth the area". She continued: "This also wakes you up and makes your eyes wide open." Place your hands on either side of your face at the hairline, thumbs by the ears and fingers above the forehead. READ MORE: Two-minute skincare routine to look 'five years younger' She encouraged women to open their shoulders and chest while relaxing the shoulders. Apply firm pressure and push your hairline backwards, counting down from 10. Repeat. Next, Fumiko offered a facial yoga pose for a youthful mouth area. She told women to lift up the corners of their mouth into a smile. When both corners of your mouth are at the same level, stick your tongue out as if you were trying to touch the tip of your tongue to your nose, holding for just three seconds. From this position, move your tongue to the left hand side, holding for three seconds, and then the right. For a bonus facial yoga pose, the expert recommended the tapping method. This simply entails using the fingertips to tap all over the face, making sure not to neglect the neck area.