Rafael Nadal has been urged to skip next month’s Indian Wells and instead wait until the start of the clay-court season before he makes his return to action. Nadal is currently level with Novak Djokovic at the top of the men’s all-time Grand Slam title standings, with the duo both lifting 22 major trophies throughout their illustrious careers. Nadal enjoyed an incredible season last year as he won the Australian Open at the age of 35, before lifting the French Open trophy two days after turning 36. But he has struggled with a whole host of injury problems in recent times and was knocked out of this year’s Australian Open in the second round by Mackenzie McDonald after battling with a hip problem throughout the encounter. The Spaniard was later diagnosed with a hip flexor injury. And after his Melbourne exit, the veteran tweeted: “Good afternoon. I have undergone medical tests after losing yesterday. “The MRI shows a grade 2 injury in the iliopsoas muscle in my left leg. Now it's time for sports rest and anti-inflammatory physiotherapy. Normal recovery time 6 to 8 weeks.” JUST IN: Alcaraz labelled a 'blessing' as teen tipped to continue Nadal legacy But as the player nears a return, Express Sport readers have told him not to rush back in a recent poll. We asked people whether they thought Nadal should come back from injury with an appearance at Indian Wells. And a whopping 81 per cent of over 2,000 people who responded said the tennis icon should wait until the clay court season to play again. Meanwhile, 61 per cent of our readers have backed Emma Raducanu’s Indian Wells wildcard, with just 39 per cent of them saying she doesn’t deserve one. The 20-year-old Briton, who burst onto the tennis scene when she won the US Open in 2021 at the tender age of 18 has been given a place at the California tournament despite falling to world No 81 in the world rankings. DON'T MISSFederer 'visited Wimbledon' as hopes of joining BBC coverage growMcEnroe unleashes frustration over 'absurd' Djokovic Indian Wells banCarlos Alcaraz responds to Djokovic after rivalry snubbed for Nadal  Raducanu appeared to have the world at her feet after getting the better of Canadian Leylah Fernandez in the Flushing Meadows final 18 months ago. But following a string of poor results and a whole host of injury problems, the youngster has exited the top 10 and faces a battle just to stay in the top 100. Raducanu, who was knocked out of the 2022 US Open by French star Alize Cornet in the first round as she attempted to defend her title, faced her latest setback last month when she was dumped out of the Australian Open at the second round stage by American Coco Gauff. 