Leeds United could secure the services of Feyenoord boss Arne Slot for as little as £5.7million but face a tricky task in convincing the 44-year-old to leave his current role, according to reports. The Yorkshire outfit remain on the lookout for a new permanent manager following the sacking of Jesse Marsch on Monday and have already seen a number of potential candidates rule themselves out of the running. West Bromwich Albion boss Carlos Corberan, who previously worked as a first-team coach at Elland Road, signed a contract extension with the Baggies earlier this week while Rayo Vallecano manager Andoni Iraola also turned down the opportunity despite holding a meeting with a Leeds delegation in Spain. It seems as though Slot could be next to snub the Whites' advances as a result of his desire to stay at Feyenoord, where he is hopeful of leading a hugely successful campaign.That's according to The Independent, who claim that Slot has a £5.7m release clause written into his contract but is eager to finish what he has started at Feyenoord, with the Dutch outfit two points clear at the top of the Eredivisie and on course for a domestic double as things stand. He is also said to be aware that bigger clubs than Leeds are likely to be interested in his services in the summer if he manages to see things through between now and the end of the campaign.Slot has already hinted that he would consider the possibility of moving to the Premier League with Leeds, though, telling ESPN: "I’ve read the news but I haven’t seen anything on my phone. What will I do when a message comes in from Leeds? Open the message." JUST IN: Andrea Pirlo gives verdict on 'Yorkshire Pirlo' Kalvin Phillips It remains to be seen which direction Leeds will go in to appoint their next permanent manager, with the caretaker team that presided over Wednesday's draw with Manchester United likely to remain in charge until after the weekend. A sensational return to Elland Road for Marcelo Bielsa has been among the options put forward by fans and pundits alike, but it seems unlikely that the club's decision-makers will look to bring him back to Yorkshire over the coming days.They are instead pursuing alternative leads, according to Fabrizio Romano, while it remains to be seen what the man himself would think about returning to the club he was sacked by just 12 months ago. Leeds icon Jermaine Beckford has already insisted that he would love to see Bielsa return to the dugout but is aware that such a move would be nothing more than a pipe dream as things stand. "Marcelo Bielsa would have to change quite a bit and we all know what he did the first time around," Beckford told Sky Sports News. "He was very intimidating in his approach, but he was all unforgiving, he took no nonsense, he was ruthless and relentless in his pursuit of perfection."Albeit, we saw an extremely exciting type of football from Marcelo Bielsa and one that we haven’t seen at Leeds for a long, long time. There were areas that were easily exploited. We saw that leading up to his sacking."I am a huge fan of his. He managed to bring Premier League football back to Leeds after 16 extremely difficult years. Would I like to see him back? Absolutely. Do I think it would happen? I don’t think so." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.