Bradley Walsh, 62, has presented on The Chase since the show began in 2009, alongside original Chasers Paul Sinha and Mark Labbett. Express.co.uk spoke to The Chase favourite Anne Hegerty in an exclusive interview, with The Governess sharing her love for the ITV host, and worries about him leaving in the future. Anne, however, reassured many as she recalled Bradley regarding the game show as his "pension", and that he shows no signs of leaving the series. Anne works on The Chase alongside fellow chasers Darragh Ennis, Mark Labbett, Shaun Wallace, Paul Sinha and Jenny Ryan, having joined in 2010. Bradley has presented the show since it started and has become an integral part of the famous ITV quiz show. Express.co.uk asked Anne if she could ever imagine Bradley leaving the show, and how she would feel if it came to that. She admitted: "It's just I can't imagine him being replaced! READ MORE: Bond Girl Gemma Arterton admits she welcomed first child in December "He once said to me 'The Chase is my pension' and I really do hope that he regards it that way and he has no plans to go anywhere." Anne also used the opportunity to praise her co-worker for his "rapport" with constants and staff. She continued: "People keep trying to have this conversation with me and I'm just like, 'Can't hear you!' "I can't imagine the idea of Bradley leaving us and having to find someone else. "I suppose I could think of a couple of names that might, but Bradley is just an integral part of the whole show and his rapport with the contestants, and with us." Fans got a look at what it would be like without Bradley on the show when comedian Joe Pasquale took his place for an episode in January. Viewers who watched the episode saw the comedian take over as the host of the popular ITV quiz show. He joked at the beginning of the show: "Hello, and welcome to The Chase. I'm Bradley Walsh, TV's luckiest man. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [INSTAGRAM] Harrison Ford addresses 'grumpy' interviews and 'disorder' claims [COMMENT] Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured flame deletes Instagram after his denial [INSIGHT] "And once again, I'll be asking questions I can barely read - let alone understand." In the background, Bradley can be heard yelling "cut" as he then appeared from the control room, sweeping Joe from the stage. "Yes, it's me, the real Brad. And I'm not really the director - they only let me sit in the chair if I promise not to touch anything," he told fans. Bradley has also previously hinted about his retirement, suggesting he plans to call it quits on his career in a few years' time. Speaking on the Sliding Doors podcast, he admitted: "You know what, in a couple of years' time I won't have to do any of it, I'll be retired and that'll be it. "It seems like I'm on your screen all the time only because I cram everything in a certain area of the year. We make 210 Chases, 16 Celebrity Chases, 16 Beat The Chasers. It's only actually 86 days of recording." Bradley went on to assure fans that he still loves doing The Chase, noting: "The Chase allows me to do the other stuff which I really want to do — not that I don't love doing The Chase. "The Larkins is the new series, so that's a 14 to 15-week shoot, and then you need five to six weeks on the road for [ITV series] Breaking Dad."