Twin sisters have defied near-impossible odds to turn 99 together. Americans Era Luckie Daniell and Vera Rozier hosted a birthday bash to celebrate their ultra-rare milestone on Wednesday. Members of the Gulf County Senior Citizens Center in Florida teamed up with the Warden of the Gulf Correctional Institution to celebrate the occasion. Era told broadcaster WJHG: "I feel grateful to my Lord that I’ve been able to make it this far with so little handicaps." Vera added: "I’m feeling the same as I did when I was younger, except I don’t have the energy that I had." Gulf County Senior Citizens Center executive director Eddie Fields also had some complimentary comments for the 99-year-old twins. JUST IN: Joe Biden tipped for new three-word slogan after State of Union address, says Democrat He said: "The celebration is to show love. "We want to show love. Like I said, they’re 99 years old. "They’re in the later parts of their life. "Hopefully, the rest of us will make it to the latter part of our lives." READ MORE: Nikki Haley to 'spoil' DeSantis 2024 bid and hand Trump Republican primary victory - poll Gulf Institutional Center warden Scott Payne added: "We found out that they were celebrating her 99th birthday, and we wanted to be a part of that." Vera's daughter Linda Rozier Davis proclaimed her mother was the "best mother I ever could've had". Era's daughter Vita Luckie voiced her gratitude to her mother who raised three children after becoming a widow. Vita explained: "She had one husband that died, and what 20, 30 years later she remarried, and then he died, and then my brother died." DON'T MISS: Biden leaves House GOP ’no choice’ on debt ceiling[INSIGHT]Cops seize enough fentanyl to kill 20 million [REPORT]Meghan Markle's absence from Harry’s PR tour 'unusual' [ANALYSIS] It is hard to estimate the exact odds for twins to celebrate their 99th birthday together. However, according to the 2002 edition of the Guinness World Records, the chance of identical twins both reaching and surpassing the age of 100 is about one-in-700 million. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 