Pancakes can be a pain to flip, but two TikTok users have discovered the perfect method to make the delicious treat in the air fryer. Here are two air fryer methods for making pancakes. Currys has shared on its TikTok account @currys a risk-free way to make fluffy American pancakes in just under five minutes. The easy-to-follow recipe video has gone viral, amassing over seven million views. To begin, you will need to make your pancake batter by combining one teaspoon of unsalted melted butter, one egg, 250ml of milk, one teaspoon of baking powder, and two teaspoons of caster sugar. Mix the batter well in a bowl with a wooden spoon. Lined air fryer tray with greaseproof baking paper, and then place a small amount of pancake batter in the middle of the baking paper. Stack another layer of baking paper over the batter pancake and then again pour the pancake batter in the middle. Repeated this process until you have around six layers inside the air fryer tray. READ MORE: Kate painstakingly attempts to cook a pancake during visit Then put their air fryer on 400 Fahrenheit (200 Celsius) and let the pancakes cook for five minutes. After, you should find in your air fryer six circular pancakes, fluffy and delicious. The TikTok video ends with the pancakes being placed on a plate drenched in chocolate sauce and sprinkles. In the comment section, Currys revealed its top tip for those wanting crispy as well as fluffy pancakes. The electronics company said: “For the fluffiest results, try cooking one at a time, and layer a tiny bit of oil for a couple of mins of the baking time for that extra crispy look!” Since the video was posted a few days ago, the pancake recipe has received millions of views, with people eager to try the cooking hack this Pancake Tuesday. One user called the pancake tup “witchcraft genius” while someone else said: “Oh my god, trying this!” Another person wrote: “Why didn’t I think of this before? I have to try this” and one other said: “This will save me some time when cooking pancakes for my impatient kids, thank you so much!” DON'T MISS:'Key' ingredient for 'the fluffiest American pancakes' [REPORT]Best frying pans for 2023 - non-stick, cast iron and for pancakes [REVEAL]DEAL OF THE DAY: Best Pancake Day Deals 2023 - Free Pancakes [INSIGHT] Another TikTok user also has a method to make air fryer pancakes that look fluffy and delicious. Steph Grasso is a dietitian with over two million followers on her account @stephgrassodietitian, and her hit video has almost a million views on TikTok. She began the video and said her pancake recipe and said: “Guys this might be the best recipe I have created. I call it air cakes.” To try this other air fryer recipe, you will need three eggs and will need to separate the egg yolks from the egg whites in two bowls. In the bowl with the egg yolks, combine two or three tablespoons of milk as well as a tablespoon of vegetable oil and one tablespoon of vanilla extract. Steph said: “Mix it together and then sift in some flour until it looks like pancake batter.” The dietitian stressed it was extremely important to sift the flour into the batter in order for the recipe to work. For the egg whites, Steph added one tablespoon of white vinegar and then mixed it together until the liquid became bubbly. She then added two to three tablespoons of sugar and then mixed it together until it looked like white batter. Steph then folded the egg whites into the yolk mixture and then placed the entire pancake mixture into a freezer bag and cut off the top like when icing a cake. She then sprayed three ceramic bowls with spray oil. Steph then squeezed the bag filled with batter into the bowls in a circular motion. She then air-fried it for eight minutes at 300 Fahrenheit (150 Celsius). Steph pulled out the tray to show three fluffy-looking pancakes (or air cakes) and she then added fruit and maple syrup to them. She explained you can also make the recipe look more pancake-like by flattening the top before placing them in the air fryer. Steph finished the video and said: “Now you have got yourself perfectly good and fluffy air cake. Enjoy!”