Diabetes complications stem from impaired insulin production, which raises the spectre of dangerously high blood sugar levels. Fortunately, type 2 diabetics can tame the threat posed by high glucose by adjusting their diet. Research suggests that a fruity drink does this with gusto. Whether you drink juice to hit your five-a-day target or simply enjoy its fresh taste, opting for pomegranate flavour can offer more than an enjoyable beverage. Rich in nutrients and antioxidants, pomegranates pack some promising health benefits that also translate to juice. What’s more, research, published in the journal Current Developments in Nutrition, found the fruity drink could reduce your blood sugar levels in “minutes”. The research team looked at the effects of consuming a single dose of eight-ounce pomegranate juice on blood glucose. READ MORE: Half of young people at 'increased risk' of 'key' vitamin deficiency - diet could be cause The scientists recruited 21 healthy, “normal” weight individuals for this trial. These volunteers were randomly assigned either water, pomegranate juice, or a water-based beverage that matched the sugar content of pomegranate juice. After following their drinking regimen, the participants went through a week wash-out period that was followed by consuming the other drinks they haven’t had before. The scientists collected their fasting blood sugar before, and at 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150 and 180 minutes after having the fruity drink.  If you aren’t aware, fasting blood sugar describes your glucose after an overnight fast. The volunteers were then divided into two groups based on their fasting serum insulin levels. While the water didn’t affect blood sugar levels in any of the participants, pomegranate juice brought different results. Those with low fasting serum insulin experienced a “significant” drop in their blood glucose 15 minutes after enjoying the drink. READ MORE: Excess deaths mystery 'needs solving urgently', says ONS The researchers concluded that components in pomegranate juice “likely” regulate people’s glucose metabolism. One of the potent parts of pomegranate juice that could explain these benefits is its high antioxidant content. Pomegranates are high in anthocyanins - pigments that give the juice its characteristic deep colour and pack antioxidants. One of the theories is that antioxidants are able to bind with sugar and prevent a big effect on your insulin levels. While the mechanisms behind pomegranate juice’s effect on blood sugar levels aren’t completely clear, there’s more research that echoes the findings of this study. A study, published in the journal Nutrition Research, also found that the dark juice was able to lower fasting serum glucose and decrease insulin resistance in those with type 2 diabetes. The main symptoms of type 2 diabetes don’t necessarily make you feel unwell, which makes symptom awareness front and centre. According to the NHS, the tell-tale signs to watch out for include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you suffer from any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk of the blood sugar condition.