Andrew Tate has had his detention period extended again, meaning he can be held in a Romania jail cell for another 30 days. He and his brother Tristan, held over allegations of sexual assault and exploitation, will remain in custody until at least the end of March.  Two Romanian women detained at the same time as the brothers will be released from custody but placed under house arrest. All four deny the allegations against them. Earlier this month, Tate protested his innocence after appearing in court to appeal the decision to extend his detention another 30 days. "Ask them for evidence and they will give you none, because it doesn't exist. You'll find out the truth of this case soon," Tate said. The Tates were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking, rape and forming an organised crime group. They are alleged to have recruited victims by seducing them and claiming they wanted a relationship or marriage. British-American Tate, 36, is accused on raping one of the victims last March and investigators allege the victims were forced to produce pornographic acts for the financial gain of the crime group.  Tate, who has reportedly lived in Romania since 2017, was previously banned from various prominent social media platforms for expressing misogynistic views and hate speech. He has claimed there is "zero evidence" against him in the case and alleged it is instead a "political" attack to silence him. "My case is not criminal, it’s political. It’s not about justice or fairness. It’s about attacking my influence on the world," read a post that appeared on his Twitter account last month. His Twitter following has increased by several hundred thousand since he was first arrested in December. After the Tates and the two women were arrested, the DIICOT anti-organized crime agency said in a statement that it had identified six victims in the human trafficking case who were subjected to "acts of physical violence and mental coercion" and were sexually exploited by members of the alleged crime group. READ MORE:Meghan and Harry would 'hopefully fade into obscurity'  The agency said victims were lured with pretences of love, and later intimidated, placed under surveillance and subjected to other control tactics while being coerced into engaging in pornographic acts for substantial financial gain. Last month, Romanian authorities descended on a compound near Bucharest linked with the Tate brothers and towed away a fleet of luxury cars that included a Rolls-Royce, a Ferrari and a Porsche. They reported seizing assets worth an estimated $3.9 million. Prosecutors have said that if they can prove the cars' owners gained money through illicit activities such as human trafficking, the assets would be used to cover the expenses of the investigation and to compensate victims. Tate also unsuccessfully appealed the asset seizure. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 