Ivanka Trump was given a large engagement ring by her now husband Jared Kushner when the two agreed to marry. The property mogul proposed with a 5.22-carat, D flawless, cushion-cut diamond on a diamond-encrusted band. The former advisor to the president married the businessman and the investor in 2009. Now they have three children, Arabella, Theodore, and Joseph and they live in Florida near other Trump family members. It is thought the large ring is worth more than half a million dollars. However, the heiress doesn't always wear the large gem. She was recently seen heading to the gym without the piece on her finger. Meeting families in Littleton, North Carolina in December last year, Ivanka also went ring-free. But, Donald Trump's eldest daughter does wear the ring for special occasions. She wore the gorgeous piece to her half-sister Tiffany Trump's wedding in November. Tiffany married Michael Boulus on November 12 at billionaire Donald Trump's Florida Mar-a-Lago estate. An expert claimed Ivanka Trump designed her own ring but also theorised why she is often seen without her engagement ring. READ MORE: Melania leaves Donald Trump to campaign without family amid revived Ivanka fallout claims Tobias Kormind, managing director of 77Diamonds.com said: "The couple married in 2009. It is thought to be designed by Ivanka but Jared chose the central diamond. She rarely wears it. Ivanka Trump's engagement ring, which she received when she became engaged to Jared Kushner, has been conspicuous in its absence even for formal occasions all these years.” He went on: "In recent years, Ivanka may feel in international political environments it sends out the wrong message to wear large ostentatious pieces of jewellery which can be inappropriate when she is tackling socially sensitive issues such as women's rights and inequality. Prior to their political exposure, the Trumps were more ready to make grandiose public displays of wealth.” Ivanka Trump's engagement ring, however lavish, is nothing compared to Melania's rings from Ivanka's father Donald. Melania Trump has three large diamond rings from the businessman. DON'T MISSMan behind Melania's hat was paid at least $132K by Trump [SHOCK] All the sordid claims Stormy Daniels has made about Trump [LIST] The strange Melania Trump IQ rumour fooling some fans [INSIGHT] Her first ring was a 15cts D colour Flawless emerald cut diamond by Graf, which today would cost £3,500,000. Her second engagement ring, also from Graff given to her on their 10th wedding anniversary. That larger ring apparently cost Donald Trump £2,700,000. Today this is likely to be £3,300,000. Trump's daughter with second wife Marla Maples, Tiffany, also has a huge diamond ring from her husband Michael Boulus. She has a ring from London jeweller Samer Halimeh, featuring a central 13-carat emerald-cut diamond flanked by smaller stones. But according to reports, Tiffany has had the stones in the original ring updated to even larger stones. Ivanka was seen without her ring when she wore a vintage gown inherited from her late mother Ivana Trump to a friend's 30th birthday party. The glittering Bob Mackie dress was perfect for the 1920s theme. The heiress wrote on her Instagram account: "Swinging into the night in one of my mother's favorite vintage Bob Mackie dresses." Fans swamped Ivanka's post with praise. One wrote: "Absolutely stunning!!! LOVE everything about this pic."