A newborn baby has been killed following severe head injuries, after being viciously set upon by her family’s two Rottweiler dogs. The two animals attacked the five-week-old baby in the family’s Moruya home, on New South Wales (NSW) coast, on Saturday night around 10.40pm.  Daily Mail Australia confirmed that paramedics were called after reports that the baby girl has been attacked by the hounds. Despite arriving five minutes later, the baby had already been taken to the local hospital in the town in a private vehicle. Just after midnight the baby sadly died, according to reports. Eurobodalla Shire Council has confirmed that two Rottweiler-type dogs have been seized from the home. A spokeswoman confirmed the canines had been taken in by council rangers, however, declined to comment further as the police investigation was ongoing. It is unclear whether the dogs have been put down, as the spokeswoman failed to confirm. But it would be standard practice following an attack of this nature. Australia's 7News reported that the dogs belonged to cousins of the parents of the baby girl and had been coming and going from the house all evening, without any issues. Nobody witnessed the incident. READ MORE: Tories blasted over 'woke' policing as 4 in 10 repeat knife offenders spared jail  Moruya is a small town of less than 5,000 people, over 300km from Sydney. The fatal incident comes three months following the death of two-year-old Jyedon Pollard, was mauled to death by a Rottweiler and a cattle dog, whilst staying at Cowra’s Country Gardens Motor Inn, also in NSW. According to MailOnline, at least 115 of the 3350 dog attacks in NSW in 2022 involved Rottweilers. DON'T MISS: Junior doctors set strike date in historic first [REPORT] US warns of 'consequences' as China poised to send weapons to Putin [REVEALED] Mum who killed son flips middle finger in court [LATEST]  In the UK, the 1991 Dangerous Dogs Act, which was amended in 1997, prohibits dogs “of any type to be dangerously out of control in a public place or a private place where it is not allowed to be.” The UK law allows “such dogs to be seized” by authorities if the animal is considered to be out of control. However, no specific provision is made for Rottweilers in the Act. 