Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the actor shared a new goal - to have his own travel show. As the Coronation Street star reflected on how much he enjoyed filming World's Most Dangerous Roads alongside Keith Lemon, he opened up about his hope of creating more shows involving travel and how he'd like to aim it at a "working class" audience who may want some tips on seeing the world. Reflecting on why he enjoyed filming World's Most Dangerous Roads, Will explained: "I wanted to go out and test myself a little bit and that's what this Dangerous Roads show is. "It's going out there and you know, going to the unknown. Putting yourself in places you wouldn't normally be. "And Keith was well out of his comfort zone, and I love travel. "I love travelling and going to see the world - if I can get out there, I will. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' "So this was a great way to do it. And also Albania, and no one really knows much about Albania. "There's always preconceptions, but what a beautiful place and the people were really friendly. "And I think it'll be surprising to see what people think of it, what Albania looks like and what they think in their minds where it looks like." The former Coronation Street villain added that enjoyed being able to avoid the typical holiday destination locations. "You wouldn't ever go and do this if you want on your holidays," he stated. "And it was absolutely stunning, and the people were great." Expanding on his love for travel, he revealed a new dream of his. "I want to get my own travel show off the ground," the former Strictly contestant admitted. DON'T MISS... Stricty's Luba Mushtuk pays tribute to former contestant [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale's Gabby Thomas mortified as failed plan threatens her future [LATEST]GMB host forced to step in as fiery row breaks out over Crown Jewels [VIDEO] "Something different - something for maybe for people who've got less money. "So for the working class, like where I come from, to show people how they can maybe go to places and still have adventures, but maybe save a few quid. "And maybe show you where might be a bit cheaper but also just to go and do something like that. I'd love to do more travel stuff." Will made it through to the Strictly Come Dancing semi-finals last year as he danced with Nancy Xu. Recalling how difficult the experience had been, he confessed that he loved to challenge himself. Despite his Coronation Street character Harvey Gaskell being behind bars, it seems as though Will could certainly be appearing regularly on screens as he takes part in new challenges. He might also be filming from far-away locations if he is able to start a new travel show. World's Most Dangerous Roads continues on Sunday at 8pm on Dave. Watch the full series on UKTV Play.