Nicola Sturgeon has ostracised critics of her trans policy within the SNP and called opponents of her proposed gender law racists, homophobes, misogynists and more. Yet now she is really in the soup after the UK Government vetoed Scotland’s proposed gender law, and the country became enveloped in a row about biologically male prisoners in Scottish women’s prisons. Sturgeon has suffered defeat after defeat. She has realised that the majority of the public is against her. Many observers have wondered why she has persisted on the trans issue, especially now that she knows it has split her party and potentially put her leadership in crisis. They wonder at Sturgeon’s motivation for pushing this through. The reason for her kamikaze mission. I think I have an answer: this is Nicola Sturgeon’s misguided search for political legacy. Things are going badly for the SNP. Scotland’s education, healthcare and economy are in the doldrums. And the Supreme Court last year rejected the party’s latest bid for yet another independence vote. Sturgeon has thus realised that a new Scottish referendum will not happen. Her constant, perpetual campaign for independence is not going to win her a place in history. Therefore, she thinks, she needs a big legacy project to make her time in power look as though it has achieved something. And it has to come about before she leaves the stage. Domestically, Scotland is ruled badly. Legacy will not come from that. All her policies have failed (she demanded that her critics “judge me on education” - if they did that they would see she has failed the test). Child poverty, the rates of drug and alcohol death – these are disasters and are hardly the stuff of legacy.  Sturgeon knows she cannot make Scotland richer, or happier, or better run. She knows that a big gesture of social change is possible for her dysfunctional government. That might be the only legacy she can get. She needs something historical – like the legalisation of gay marriage a decade ago. Most of those civil rights battles have been won. But Sturgeon is part of an international ‘woke’ movement – and the issue most beloved of the woke is trans. She saw her opportunity: questions of gender self-identification is only thing left. Thus Sturgeon set out to change the laws on gender. She brushed aside critics within her own party, like Joanna Cherry. She dismissed all claims from women’s rights activists. They were on the wrong side of history, she said. Legacy was just a new law away. And, in Sturgeon’s hyper-nationalist mind, movement on trans would help in another way. UK parties like Labour had their own trouble with trans. MPs were constantly quizzed what a woman was. A new trans law in Scotland would help Sturgeon sidestep all of that.  At the stroke of a pen, she thought, she could contrast backward Westminster with a new pro-trans Scotland. She could paint Scotland as leading the progressive way. Part of this is deep in Sturgeon’s political vanity. She sees herself as an advocate for all women. She goes on talk shows as a powerful woman, advocating for women the world over. What she actually achieves is immaterial, because she hopes she can paint herself as a feminist hero and a female icon. International bodies helped her out. Sturgeon was appointed UN Global Women Advocate. This sort of thing clearly means a lot to her. What better way to go beyond that role – to exceed even kindly international plaudits – than to redefine the role and the Scots law? Sturgeon clearly believed she was onto a blinder. She could appear brave and noble while her opponents could be called reactionaries and bigots. She redefined her role as an envoy for women like she redefined gender in Scotland. She could change her role to champion those she considered all women. Biological men, people born intersex, and many more included.  This is already big on social media and increasingly in progressive politics in America. Sturgeon has ambitions beyond Scotland. She wants desperately to be famous. Maybe, she thought, this could lead to a big UN job as UN Special Envoy for Gender Equality. It’s the kind of thing she has always wanted. The role does not exist, but no matter. Sturgeon thought she would qualify for having transformed gender law in Scotland. Sturgeon certainly believes she deserves it. She thinks she has outgrown Holyrood. This could have been her big break. But it has not worked. Women across the country have said that Sturgeon’s changes might put them in danger. She has been forced into embarrassing U-turns on biological men in women’s prisons. And now this threatens her political future. All because she sought an easy win in order to find a legacy – regardless of what women activists said. She has outgrown Scotland and politics. Why wouldn’t Sturgeon think she knew better what was good for women than what other women said? 