Mr Russell appeared in the latest episode of the BBC’s Dragons’ Den, eight years after he refused an investment offer from Dragon Peter Jones on a previous appearance in the Den. He pitched his clothing company Unfolded, founded in 2021, aimed at producing fashion-wear based on feedback from a panel of women to avoid waste and the number of returns. The entrepreneur is one of just a handful of people who have appeared on the programme more than once. However, it is understood nobody has ever turned potential investors down on both occasions. The 35-year-old said he was disappointed at how low their offers were. He said: “I’ve been left feeling anxious and a little stressed about it as it takes a lot to turn down a Dragon. "But I know it was the right decision, I just have to prove it now." READ MORE: Unpaid carers could boost state pension payments - how to claim  Mr Russell rejected Touker's offer, saying he didn't think it would be good for either of them to work together, and it was too much equity. The entrepreneur then tried to negotiate Peter Jones down from 15 percent to four or five percent and Deborah down to four percent also. Peter said: "Was that a counter [offer] or was that a joke?" Both Peter and Deborah stated the lower amounts were an "immediate no". READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could lose over £1,000 a year after DWP change Mr Russell explained he "simply couldn't go lower,” so had to leave the Den empty-handed. Mr Russell said he had no regrets about turning down the offers for an oversized chunk of his firm. In the end, he may have had the last laugh, as Unfolded raised over £600,000 in investment before filming the show in June 2022, and raising another £600,000 just weeks later. Speaking to the Daily Record, Mr Russell said: "At an early stage in your business it's difficult to say no to money from such fascinating and interesting people. I don't regret it but I will always pick up the phone with any of the Dragons if they want to get in touch. "It's a very intense experience standing in the Den on a little cross on the ground you're not allowed to move from, and having questions propelled at you.” He continued: "I expected it to be a difficult conversation but there were a lot of positives in it – Peter Jones said it was genius, Deborah Meaden said some really powerful things. We couldn't do a deal but I'm still taking it as a very positive experience. "Going into the Den isn't for everyone – you need to know your numbers, know your stuff, and be confident in articulating that. At the end of the day we went in and got three offers, and not many people can say that." Dragons’ Den is available on BBC iPlayer.