Holger Rune is continuing his streak on indoor hard courts after upsetting Novak Djokovic to win the Paris Masters. The world No 9 defeated five top 10 players in the same week to win the final Masters 1000 title of the season and is now on a tear in Montpellier as the top seed, where he finally managed to defeat Marc-Andrea Huesler in his third attempt and is getting used to being the favourite at events. Rune made history at the end of last year, becoming the first player to beat five top 10 players in one week en route to a title outside of the top-eight ATP Finals. Aged just 19, the Dane defeated Hubert Hurkacz, Andrey Rublev, Carlos Alcaraz and Felix Auger-Aliassime to reach the biggest final of his career where he stunned Djokovic in three sets And the teenager has continued his run on the indoor hard courts this week in Montpellier, where he is the top seed at a tournament for the first time in his career. The three-time title winner opened against Huesler, who has been something of his bogey player - winning their previous two meetings in 2022. But Rune finally managed to get a win over the rising Swiss star and has now opened up on how he managed to defeat the world No 49 while adjusting to being a favourite at tournaments. “The indoor hard court suits my game perfectly,” the 19-year-old told reporters in Montpellier. JUST IN: Tennis star with Federer dream is 'detaching' from Alcaraz comparisons   “It’s not particularly my favourite surface, but my game is very effective indoors, and also on outdoor hard court.” Explaining how he finally managed to down Huesler, he added: “I was prepared for the match, I knew he would play very well against me. “The first set was very long but I won it and then I managed to break free. In the second set, I broke twice and then the dynamics changed completely. I am very satisfied to have won this first match in Montpellier.” Rune has already started to learn how to unlock another level to dig deep and defeat his opponents after becoming a top 10 star, explaining: “I had to play my best tennis and that’s what I tried to do. I managed to play long and aggressive, it was a good match on my side. Marc-Andrea is a very dangerous player who had beaten me twice. His left-handed forehand is very effective so I had to keep him moving so he didn’t feel too confident on the court.” DON'T MISSAndy Murray ex-coach explains how next gen can beat Novak DjokovicFritz to end 11-year American tennis drought after Wimbledon backingWimbledon and French Open make U-turn as tennis rule change approved And in a bid to keep up his form to handle being one of the title contenders at every tournament he now played, Rune said he was trying to translate his hard court results to the other surfaces, having previously upset the likes of Stefanos Tsitsipas on the clay already. “I have to make sure that now it’s the same on all surfaces, and that’s what I’m trying to do,” he continued. “I’m working hard for that. I’ve already had some good results on clay, so that’s encouraging.” Rune will now face Frenchman Gregoire Barrere in the quarter-final on Friday in a bid to extend his streak on French soil and on the indoor hard courts. 