 Jennifer Aniston, 54, is reportedly keen on a relationship with singer Harry Styles, 29. The two stars have made headlines recently after Harry accidentally split his trousers in front of her and said she was his celebrity crush.   The Friends star reportedly got in touch with the singer after his on-stage blunder, and has noted some compatibility between them. According to the actress’ friends, Harry “ticks all the boxes” for Jennifer, whose romantic history includes Vince Vaughn, John Mayer and Brad Pitt. The source told Closer Magazine that Jennifer had supposedly been “joking with pals about who she could get together with next”. Harry’s name happened to arrive in the conversation, with the singer’s success, intellect and “cooler than almost anyone else” personality seems to be working in his favour. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance distracted viewers  The source noted that the former One Direction member is “totally” in the same league as Jennifer. The Grammy winner also has a history of pursuing women older than himself, with his ex-girlfriend being Don’t Worry Darling director Olivia Wilde, 38. Jennifer’s friend noted that with all these factors combined, the actress is “confident this has a lot more chance of working out than some of her other recent matches. “The way Jen sees it, she'd be crazy not to have some fun.     “They're a great match on paper.” In 2020, Harry admitted during an appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres Show that his first-ever celebrity crush was Jennifer. Following this comment, Jennifer was spotted in the Inglewood audience during Harry’s Love On Tour Los Angeles leg. The singer was on-stage when he had an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction, having to confess to the audience during his show just what had happened.  He said: “My trousers ripped. I feel I must apologise to a certain few of you right down in the front there. I mean, this is a family show!" The former burgeoning actor quickly grabbed a Pride flag and wrapped it around his waist before finishing his set. Unfortunately for the singer, his celebrity crush as well as Kylie Jenner, Trevor Noah and Ellen DeGeneres were among those that got more than they had paid for. Jennifer and Harry have also been spotted on a few occasions in startlingly similar outfits, albeit the Friends star is yet to rip her Gucci trousers on stage. At the start of 2021, Harry donned a distinctive brown, beige and white suit for the BRIT Awards red carpet.  Later that same year Jennifer appeared in the exact same outfit, with slightly different shoes, on the cover of Instyle Magazine. When the actress noticed their incidental twinning, she took to Instagram with snaps of herself and Harry teasing: “Just call me Harriet Styles!" Jennifer has remained single since 2017 when she split from her second husband Justin Theroux, while Harry was embroiled in a controversial romance with director Olivia. The singer and the directory split in November 2022 after nearly two years together. Express.co.uk has contacted Jennifer Aniston and Harry Styles’ representatives for comment.