NBC’s popular Law and Order franchise is still going strong, with new episodes of Special Victims Unit, Organized Crime and the flagship crime drama all dropping over the past month. Unfortunately, fans will have to endure a bit of a wait before they get their next Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) fix. The 14th episode of SVU’s 24th season sadly won’t be airing for almost another two weeks. While new outings have been airing steadily over the past two months, this marks the first major hiatus for the show since its Christmas break. NBC will instead be holding the 12th Annual NFL Honors awards ceremony on Thursday night from 9pm to 11pm. The ceremony will follow a repeat from the 22nd season of Law and Order at 8pm. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future An official synopsis for the episode, Dutch Tears, reads: “A recently released convict goes looking for his arresting officer, Fin Tutuola (Ice T). “Dominick Carisi (Peter Scanavino) tries to get an arrest warrant without a positive suspect.” The description promises a personal and high-stakes case for fan-favourite Tutuola, who’ll have to watch his back when the series returns. Meanwhile, Carisi will try to break the rules to ensure an arrest, just shortly after his marriage to departed detective Amanda Rollins (Kelli Giddish). Popular spin-off Organized Crime will also be taking a short break from its third season and will return with the episode All in the Game on the same Thursday. Plus, the mainline show is also following suit, returning with Heroes to kick off NBC’s triple bill in two weeks’ time. Although there’ll be time for an old episode of Law and Order next Thursday, the network is holding off on new instalments until they can all air back-to-back. The franchise has been treating fans with triple bills since the mainline show returned to screens in 2020, so they will be pleased to know the tradition will continue. DON'T MISS:Lockwood and Co star recalls ‘challenging’ first week of filming [EXCLUSIVE]The Last of Us’ Pedro Pascal admits he ‘forgot’ he was cast as Joel [INTERVIEW]Harrison Ford ‘confirms’ major Jacob Dutton 1923 spoiler [INSIGHT] In the latest episode of SVU, Benson’s team arrest a corrections officer for sexually assaulting female inmates both in and out of prison. Meanwhile, she’s also helping newcomer Grace Muncy (Molly Burnett) investigate fellow detective Joe Velasco (Octavio Pisano) for a potential murder after getting their hands on an incriminating recording. She’s still grieving over the death of captain Mike Duarte (Maurice Compte), but her best form of support could be shown the door if the evidence isn’t in his favour. Finally, there may have been some disappointment from fans when the latest episode failed to deliver on Benson’s much-teased romance with former partner Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni). After their almost-kiss earlier in the season, Benson is still mulling over how far she wants to take the relationship while Stabler is still working with the Organized Crime unit. However, her comments about love somehow working out should give viewers some small hope for where this is all heading by the end of the season. Stabler isn’t scheduled to make an SVU appearance just yet, but hopefully, the old partners get a chance to work together and talk things out later this year. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit season 24 continues Thursday, February 16 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.