Liverpool have reportedly decided against making a move to steal Paul Mitchell from Monaco as Julian Ward's replacement. The role was first filled by Michael Edwards back in 2016 with the club official earning widespread praise for his business off the field. While brokering bargain deals for the likes of Mohamed Salah, Andy Robertson and Thiago Alcantara, the former Liverpool sporting director also helped raise significant funds through player sales. Liverpool were then stunned when Edwards announced he would be stepping down with understudy Ward taking his place. They were big shoes for Ward to fill, but he quickly settled into his new role and helped broker the deal for Luis Diaz in January 2022. Ward then led negotiations for Salah's new contract and proved key in Liverpool winning the race for Darwin Nunez's signature. But just a few months after taking the role full-time, Ward then announced to the club that he would be standing down at the end of the season. It's left Liverpool in a bit of a bind and now look set to make an appointment from outside of the club as their next sporting director.  A host of names have been linked with taking the soon-to-be-vacant post at Anfield and Monaco chief Mitchell had emerged as a possible target. Mitchell took over as Monaco's sporting director having held similar roles at Southampton, Tottenham and RB Leipzig. He was the man who brought in Sadio Mane from Red Bull Salzburg at Southampton back in 2014 for a bargain fee of £10m before selling for a tidy profit to Liverpool. At Tottenham, he also brokered the deal for Son Heung-min to join from Bayer Leverkusen with the South Korea international establishing himself as a club hero. To spark further rumours of Mitchell potentially taking over at Liverpool, it was reported earlier this month that he would be leaving Monaco at the end of the season. However, the Telegraph now report that Liverpool have 'decided against appointing Mitchell'.  The report indicates that no final decision has been made on who will succeed Ward this summer. It leaves Jurgen Klopp in a difficult position heading into arguably the most important transfer window of his reign at Liverpool. The German coach was reportedly one of several key figures at Liverpool who tried to convince Ward to stay at the club. And Klopp admitted he was taken by surprise after hearing the news that Ward would be stepping down. “It was a surprise when Julian told me. But we work completely normal together until the day that he leaves. Julian is 100% committed and everything is fine," he said in December. “We never had a problem and will not have a problem, so it’s all fine. “He told me after the Southampton game and it was a surprise at that moment. That is his decision and that’s okay. It will have no impact for this period (until Ward’s departure), not at all.”