Emmerdale's Eric Pollard (played by Chris Chittell) suffered a fall during Thursday night's double bill after Sam Dingle (James Hooton) accidentally pushed him when stealing nappies from the shop. Eric chased after the Dingle favourite, although, Sam knocked Eric to the floor in a panic. This led to Sam getting arrested, and following Friday night's instalment, things seemed to be going from bad to worse. Sam apologised to Eric and his son David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) and begged the shop owner not to issue a formal statement to the police. However, after being released from the hospital, Eric was angered by Sam's half-hearted apology. Sam was also worried about Zak Dingle's (Steve Halliwell) health, as he expressed his worries about his dad dying if he was sent to prison. He went on to raise his concerns with Lydia (Karen Blick) about not being able to provide for the Dingle family. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale During a heart-to-heart, Zak told his son he was an "old wreck" but reassured him he wasn't going anywhere. Towards the end of the episode, Eric fumed that he didn't care about the stolen nappies, but he was heartbroken by Sam's betrayal after they had been friends for years. Sam replied: "I never meant for you to fall. I am really sorry." "Sorry you got caught," Eric fired back before Sam admitted: "I asked Cain to give Dan a pay rise and he said no. "It was just a spare-of-the-moment thing. Please don't make a statement." "You don't care about how I feel," the shop owner raged. "You just want to get out of jail free card. "He has not learned a thing. You don't get it, do you? I don't care about the cost. "I care that you have betrayed that friendship. The 30-year-old friendship and that is why I should be making a full statement tomorrow." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin  [INSIGHT]Steve Allen quits LBC after 44 years [REACTION]Death in Paradise boss on importance of Beyond Paradise theme tune [EXCLUSIVE] He added: " A stretch in prison might teach you not to steal especially from friends." However, a double exit could be on the cards if Zak gets poorly and Sam is sent to prison. Fans took to social media in droves to air their concerns about Zak's health and Sam being locked up for the theft. and assault. Chris P tweeted: "Zak not looking too healthy." Teena Massam went on to say: “I might look a wreck but still road worthy”…poor old Zak…" "Jesus christ Zak looks f****d...." user @MickJohnPNEFC commented. While Ed went on to write: "#emmerdale poor Sam he didn't mean to hurt Pollard it was an accident. He didn't think of the consequences he never does but he's basically harmless." (sic) "Oh dear, Sam is going to prison then... #Emmerdale," Twitter user @ShakyWoon theorised. Doreen Morfitt wrote: "What is Eric on about? If Sam is an old friend why is he so keen to put him in prison? He's got a funny idea about what friendship is!" Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.