Joint accounts are simply current accounts shared by two or more people who can usually all withdraw from and deposit money into them. But while this can provide a convenient and efficient way of splitting and managing bills, it can also come with its fair share of "drawbacks", making it key to be sure before opening one up. Philip Stubbins, managing director of online comparison website Money Expert, commented: “There’s plenty of benefits to gain from opening a joint bank account, particularly if you have aligned financial objectives, or are keen to combine your household spending all in one place.” Although, he continued: “There are a number of drawbacks to a joint bank account that requires careful consideration before you decide to open one.” Joint accounts are most often opened by two people, however, more people can be included if required. Married couples, live-in and civil partners are all able to open a joint account, as well as friends, family members and even housemates are all eligible to open one together too. However, Mr Stubbins noted: “Just remember that everyone who is included in the joint account has equal access to the funds contained within it.” READ MORE: Coventry Building Society to 'boost' interest on savings accounts  With that said, joint accounts can also have a knock-on effect on other financial aspects too, such as credit ratings. Mr Stubbins said: “If one-half of a couple has a poor credit rating, it could have a negative effect on the other person's score, which could lead to issues with getting financial products such as loans and credit cards in the future.” To avoid this, Mr Stubbins suggested: “Have a conversation with your partner before you commit to opening a joint bank account together to ensure that this is the right decision for you and won’t affect your financial situation in the long run.” DON'T MISS: NS&I boosts interest rates on two savings accounts and Premium Bonds [INSIGHT]Britons could boost pension by £130,000 by giving it ‘a little love’ [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    Shared access also comes with shared responsibility, as Mr Stubbins points out that those who are sharing should generally be transparent about their spending habits, as well as account management. Mr Stubbins said: “Those who are named on a joint bank account are equally responsible for any overdraft fees that are incurred. Therefore, if either account holder overspends and enters into an overdraft, it is both parties' responsibility to pay the money back.” He added: “You need to be able to trust each other if you’re going to collectively pool your finances together in one account. If either one of the couple has a history of poor financial management, loves to spend or is often using their arranged overdraft, consider whether a joint account is really the best option for you both. READ MORE: Over 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform     “Remember, it’s important to understand each other's spending habits before committing to a joint bank account together.” In the event of separation, it’s also important to be aware of the legal responsibility that comes with account closure. Mr Stubbins said: “It’s essential that you both collectively come to an agreement regarding your finances to ensure that you agree on how any remaining funds in the joint account are divided up.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "If a split isn’t amicable and an ex-partner racks up debts using the funds and overdrafts in the account, the other named account holder will still be liable for any monies owed to the bank.” He continued: “There is no legal protection in place to fall back on if your partner does take any of the funds either. "You should always speak to your bank as soon as possible to let them know you’re splitting up, as they will be able to offer solutions such as separate accounts or a temporary freeze.” 