The F1 Supercomputer has made its prediction over who will come out on top in the 2023 standings with another epic battle between Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen expected. Last season's championship was dominated by Verstappen as the Silver Arrows and Hamilton were plagued by problems with their W13 model. An F1 Supercomputer used by BonusCodeBets has crunched the available data and concluded that Dutch driver Verstappen will be crowned the world champion for a third time later this year, with betting odds of 5/4 to take the title. Hamilton is expected to provide a tough battle this season for his Dutch rival and is only marginally behind with 10/3. The Supercomputer expects it to once again be a two-way battle for the title between Red Bull and Mercedes. Last year's championship runner-up Charles Leclerc won three Grand Prix races last year but is predicted to be in a distant third this year with odds of 7/2. The battle for third could also be an interesting one, if the Supercomputer is correct, with George Russell narrowly behind Leclerc at 7-1 to win the title according to the bookies. With Verstappen predicted to win the championship his Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez is well down the betting market at a distant 11/1 to claim his first world title. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell relief as truth behind Mercedes W14 'issues' explained   Despite Perez being predicted to be well outside of the championship battle the Supercomputer still thinks that Red Bull will win the constructors' crown with odds of 10/11. Mercedes had a proud record of winning eight constructors titles in a row until Red Bull brought that impressive record to an abrupt end last year and will want to regain the crown. With Hamilton and Verstappen expected to go down to the wire in pursuit of the world championship a similar battle between Russell and Perez could develop with both teams battling for the constructors' title, according to the Supercomputer. With Mercedes given 11/8 odds of winning the constructors' crown the computer thinks that Ferrari will be outside of the battle at 11/2. DON'T MISS:  Last season Williams finished a distant bottom of the constructors' standing accumulating just eight championship points. Young American Logan Sargeant has joined the team this year after finishing fourth in Formula 2 last year, replacing Nicholas Latifi. However, the Supercomputer again predicts that Williams will finish at the basement of the constructors' championship standings with odds of 2/5. They are expected to battle with Haas for the bottom position with the computer predicting that Alpha Tauri will move up the constructors' standings this year. 