Matteo Berrettini has branded Novak Djokovic an “alien” as he gave his view on the Big Three. The world No 24 previously faced the Serb in the final of Wimbledon two years ago but was unable to get his hands on a Major title and he has now compared Djokovic to his long-time rivals Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal. Berrettini previously attempted to be one of the few players to break the Big Three’s stronghold on the Grand Slams as he faced Djokovic in the 2021 Wimbledon final and took the first set before losing in four. The 26-year-old has never been able to defeat the world No 1 or his fellow Big Three members Federer and Nadal, and he has now given his thoughts on the tennis legends as he refused to name one single man as the GOAT. “It's impressive to see Djokovic's motivation after everything he's done and the way he manages his body,” the former world No 6 told Corriere Dello Sport, before going on to make a strange analogy. “He's quite alien, like Nadal and Federer, but he's the one who perhaps it's further away from who I am and that's why I see it this way,” Berrettini added. The seven-time title winner thought Nadal was more intense than his counterparts as he shared his opinion on the Spaniard. “Pure energy, a bull. When he enters a room you feel the energy he has,” he explained. JUST IN: Serena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion Week   “And when he talks about something he did, whether he went fishing or playing golf, he seems to be recounting the Punic wars. He's at six thousand, pure energy.” Meanwhile, Federer was branded “sensitive” as Berrettini outlined his thoughts on the recently-retired Swiss star. “A person who always has the right word and always the right mood for any atmosphere and situation,” he said of the 103-time title winner. “Elegant would be obvious. Basically he has a very deep self-knowledge and a great sensitivity. So I would say sensitive.” DON'T MISSSerena Williams and Sharapova reunite to put feud rumours to bedAlcaraz doubles-down on Djokovic threat as teen seeks to dethrone SerbKyrgios defended for 'throwing middle finger' as Tursunov lauds star Berrettini got the chance to play on a team alongside the Big Three during the Laver Cup in September, which served as Federer’s last dance before he officially retired. Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Big Four rival Andy Murray headlined Team Europe with Casper Ruud and Stefanos Tsitsipas, while Berrettini stepped in as the alternate for Federer following the Swiss star’s final match - a doubles duel partnering with Nadal. The Italian star was able to partner up with both Djokovic and Murray in two different doubles matches, winning the former but losing the latter clash. And he also defeated Team World’s Felix Auger-Aliassime in his only singles match of the weekend before Team Europe relinquished the trophy for the first time. 