Met police are continuing their search for a teenage girl who has been missing for more than 10 days after failing to return home from school when they closed for half term. Mariama Kallon, 13, was reported missing on February 9 after she attended her senior school in Bermondsey, London.  The alarm was raised when she didn’t return to her home in Southwark. Police, however, claimed that this is not the first time that the girl has gone missing with the force further stating that she has previously stayed away from home overnight and gone to school the next day as normal. The team are now requesting directly to Mariama to get in touch adding: "We know there are many reasons why a child may avoid going home.  "You are not in any trouble but we need to make sure you are safe". According to the police, there have been four sightings since she was reported missing - the first on the morning of Friday, 10 February in the vicinity of Markham Street, Southwark. The second was on the afternoon of Monday, 13 February in Riddons Road, Lewisham. The third and fourth sightings were also in Riddons Road, Lewisham, one at around 8.30am and the other at around noon on Tuesday, 14 February.  READ MORE: Police must treat violence against women as a 'national threat' Detective Sergeant Dick Nation, from the Central South Missing Persons Unit, said: "We believe Mariama is avoiding going home and as a result of her school being closed, has been out of contact for much longer than normal. "There is no evidence that she has come to harm or is at any imminent risk of harm, but the duration of her disappearance is a cause for concern. "She is 13 and we do not know where she is staying or who she is staying with. "We do not know if she is in the company of any responsible adults. "If you have seen Mariama or have any information on her whereabouts, please contact us.  DON'T MISS:Salman Rushdie blasts Roald Dahl rewrites as ‘absurd censorship’  [REVEAL]Ex-soldier celebrates as he strikes gold in Birmingham river [INSIGHT]Brazil landslide kills at least 36 and left hundreds homeless  [SPOTLIGHT] "I would also like to send a message to Mariama if she is reading this. "We know there are many reasons why a child may avoid going home. "You are not in any trouble but we need to make sure you are safe. "We are here to talk to you and to help you with whatever problems you may be having. Please call 999, speak to a police officer or ask someone you trust to contact us for you. It is really important." Anyone who sees Mariama should call 999 immediately. Anyone with other information about her whereabouts should call 101. 