Helen Skelton, 39, lifted the lid on how she deals with her busy work commitments following her split from ex-husband Richie Myler. The Countryfile presenter shocked fans when she announced their separation in April last year after eight years of marriage. But Helen has since thrived in her career, going on to join the 2022 series of the hit BBC One dance contest Strictly Come Dancing. The TV presenter is currently travelling across the UK with her Strictly co-stars for the live tour, with the group enjoying a night out in Leeds last Friday. Now, discussing her priorities following the breakdown of her marriage, Helen explained how she “knows what's important” in life now. She said: “I think when you work in telly you just get efficient, and you get good at saying ‘no’ to stuff, and you have to know that ‘no’ is a complete sentence, and you have to accept that you’re never going to be perfect at everything. “Something’s got to give, you know? And I definitely learnt to delegate. “I’ve got good at delegating, I’ve got good at knowing what to prioritise and I know what’s important. “And you’ve got to not worry about saying ‘no’ to stuff, and you’ve got to not worry about trying to keep everyone happy.” Helen continued: “You’ve got to get your priorities in place. “But this is a few weeks and it’s a once in a lifetime, and it’s fun, and my family are loving seeing me do it.” Elsewhere in the interview, Helen also explained how the Strictly Live Tour is “fun” compared to the TV show as there is less “pressure”. The TV star was filled with positivity last month as she prepared to kick off the tour with all her co-stars at Brimingham’s Utilita Arena. Comparing the live tour with the TV show, Helen admitted that not having to face a weekly dance-off took the “pressure” off. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star declares love for co-star as she bids farewell to soap [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] She said: “It’s nice to do it in this big massive space. [It’s] very different to the show, but I think it’s just been fun because the pressure is off and there’s not the pressure of the TV and dance-off and all of that. “So, this is all of the best bits of the show in a good environment.” “I think it’s a celebration and a ‘thank you’, like, we got to have that mad adventure on Strictly because people kept us in every week and people voted. “And I think this is a chapter to go out and say thank you. “All my friends are desperate to come and it’s a good time. “This show is all about giving people a good time, so it’s just nice to be able to carry that on for a while.” Despite missing out on the Glitterball Trophy, Helen managed to impress the judges week after week, and even topped the leaderboard a couple of times with partner Gorka Marquez. She had a stellar final and was given 40 points by judges Craig Revel Horwood, Shirley Ballas, Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke for her Couple's Choice to Mein Herr from Cabaret.