It's Pancake Day which means tonight many Britons will be attempting to make their own pancakes. When cooking pancakes, most people will try their hand at flipping to ensure their pancake cooks evenly. However, this doesn't always go to plan so the batter can end up everywhere other than where you want it - in the pan. The key ingredients in pancakes - flour, eggs, milk and oil - can leave an oily mess on your walls and surfaces if the mix happens to splatter outside the pan. With this in mind, a cleaning expert has shared a 50p hack for cleaning pancake grease stains from walls and ceilings. Sarah Dempsey, the resident cleaning expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk has shared three hacks, including a 49p washing-up liquid trick, that will work wonders on banishing pancake grease stains from walls, ceilings and kitchen cupboards. Before attempting these hacks, ensure you blot the pancake stains first with a paper towel to remove any excess grease. READ MORE: ‘Fluff up’ hard towels in the washing machine using common £1 staple Splatters on your kitchen walls can spark panic, especially if you are left with an unsightly grease mark on a white wall. However, before you start furiously scrubbing, Sarah suggested quickly grabbing some white vinegar from your cupboard to clean the stain. Mix one-part white vinegar with two parts water. If you don’t have white vinegar you can buy it for 99p from Asda or £1.50 from The Range. To clean the stain, dampen a sponge with the water and white vinegar solution and carefully wipe the grease marks left behind from the pancakes. Then, use warm water and blot the area with a paper towel until it's dry. DON'T MISSFive ‘dangerous’ log burner mistakes you need to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT]Five ‘big mistakes’ made when washing bed sheets [UPDATE]38p item ‘miraculously’ removes ‘impossible’ yellow toilet seat stains [ANALYSIS] If you don’t have any white vinegar in your cupboards, washing up liquid is an "effective alternative". Washing up liquid can be bought for as little as 37p from Asda or 50p from Sainsbury's. To clean the stain, add a small amount of washing-up liquid to one cup of warm water then take a dry sponge and lightly dampen it in the soapy water. Gently wipe the stains with the sponge but ensure you don't rub the area too hard. READ MORE: Keep curtains free of ‘dust and dirt’ with simple cleaning method Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you rub too hard, this could further damage the paintwork making matters worse. Finally, blot the wall with a dry paper towel until it completely dries. Sarah said: "The washing up liquid and white vinegar hacks are ideal for tackling small stains from grease splashes. However, if the stains are more extreme, try this baking soda hack instead." Baking soda is a household ingredient that can be bought for as little as 59p from Tesco or £1 from The Range. When mixed with water, baking soda can "work magic" on grease stains on walls. Mix three parts bicarbonate of soda and one part water in a bowl to create a paste. Apply the paste onto the stains and let it dry while you enjoy eating your pancakes. Once it is dry, wash it with clean water and pat dry with a clean microfibre cloth.