Prince Harry is not finished with his book tour yet as the royal announced he will be holding an "intimate" livestream conversation and Q&A to promote Spare. The Duke of Sussex will appear at the virtual event hosted by his book’s publisher, Penguin Random House, next Saturday, March 4 5pm GMT on vimeo. He is set to have an "intimate conversation as they discuss living with loss and the importance of personal healing," according to the publisher. Harry will be joined by Dr. Gabor Maté, author of The Myth of Normal: Trauma, Illness, and Healing in a Toxic Culture. Tickets for the one-hour event start at £19.12 ($33.09) and include a hardcover copy of Spare. Guests also have the option to submit a question to be answered live by March 1. READ MORE: Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move Harry's late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, died in a car crash in Paris in 1997 when the duke was just 12 years old. In Spare, he described how difficult it was to deal with her death and he described the princess as his "guardian angel" and said she is with him "all the time". Harry's grandmother, the late Queen, died in September 2022, the year after the death of his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. The duke and his wife, Meghan, have also spoken about the baby they lost when the duchess suffered a miscarriage in the summer of 2020, a year after her first son Archie was born.  The couple also have a daughter Lilibet, known as Lili, who will be two in June and has Diana as a middle name in tribute to Harry's mother. Lilibet was the Queen's family nickname. Harry's ghost-written tell-all autobiography laid bare his frustrations with his family. He claimed his brother William, now the Prince of Wales, had knocked him to the floor at Harry's then home Nottingham Cottage after calling the Duchess of Sussex "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". The duke claimed his father, now the King, put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of Meghan and the Princess of Wales, and that the Queen Consort sacrificed him on "her personal PR altar". DON'T MISS US tourists call Holyrood Palace a ‘big house for someone on benefits' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Kate pitted against each other in latest South Park [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan left 'tiny' Britain to be 'smashed to pieces' in US [VIDEO] The duke, who lives in California after moving to the US in 2020, has revealed he has enough material for two books, but held back because he does not think his father and brother would "ever forgive" him. It has not yet been confirmed whether Harry will be invited to attend his father's coronation in May. - Ticket information and more details about the livestream event, produced by Penguin Random House in partnership with Barnes & Noble, Waterstones and Indigo Books & Music, can be found at PrinceHarryMemoir.com Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews