Sophie Wessex, 58, was in The Hague in The Netherlands this week, where she visited the International Criminal Court to learn more about global support for survivors of conflict-related sexual violence. The Countess of Wessex also visited the International Commission on Missing Persons and congratulated young people who have completed the International Duke of Edinburgh Awards. But royal fans were quick to notice something about her style during the mini tour. When Sophie visited the International Commission on Missing Persons, she wore her Harris Wharf Maxi coat with Blue and Brown belt. The Countess additionally wore her Helmut Lang "Gala" Stretch-Twill Blazer for £375. She also carried her Sophie Habsburg "Belle de Jour" Clutch in Pony Tobacco. For footwear, she wore her Prada "Pointed Toe Navy Suede Pump". For accessories, Sophie wore her Lucia Odescalchi "Changing Berlin" Earrings and her Cassandra Goad "Love the Life" Quote Pendant for £925. Instagram user @birdnerd327 wrote: "This is a nice look! The blazer is very flattering. Although it seems she’s worn varying shades of blue the whole time!"  Royal style expert @royalfashionpolice replied saying: "Blue fits the sombre agenda of this trip."  In addition, @mydocuments_ commented: "Oooh, I really love the last photo, the maxi coat looks so nice over the blue dress." For her visit to the International Criminal Court, the Countess wore her Harris Wharf "Maxi coat with Blue and Brown Belt". She paired this with an Aspiga "Victoria V-Neck Long Sleeve Stretch Corduroy Dress in Atlantic Blue". The Countess carried her Sophie Habsburg "Belle de Jour" Caviar Clutch in Bordeaux Gold. She also wore some L.K. Bennett Belle Black Suede Boots. Royal fan @ale_campos_gua wrote: "That colour looks great on her! "So great to see her working on this cause across borders!" Similarly, @h_k_bend added: "The coat is fabulous love the colour and pattern."  Sophie later had a meeting with leading Dutch women in business to hear more about their experiences of being female leaders in The Netherlands. The Countess wore a Me and Em "Pearl Zip Knitted Pleat Dress in Navy" for £336, and carried her Sophie Habsburg "Belle de Jour" Clutch in Pony Tobacco. This was, once again, another blue outfit that looked fabulous on Sophie. 