High street banks are closing branches across the country, and TSB is the latest to confirm closures. The bank has said the decision to close a branch is “never taken lightly”, but has been made as a result of a shift in customer habits. The branches which will close in 2023 are as follows: The respective branches are set to close throughout May 2023. Over the past few years, TSB has taken the decision to close numerous branches. READ MORE: Married Britons could reduce their tax bill by £1,242 It closed 80 sites in 2020, following this with a closure of 164 branches in 2021, and 70 in 2022. However, the bank is set to open so-called ‘banking pods’ in both Wigan and Luton to offer banking services to those in the area who have lost a branch. TSB is not the only familiar high street brand which is set to close stores in the future. Barclays has announced its plan to shut 41 bank branches across the UK in 2023 in its full list of closures. However, Express.co.uk understands the bank could open 70 new local sites for in-person support. DON'T MISSBritons could boost pension by £130,000 by giving it ‘a little love’ [ANALYSIS]WhatsApp warning as dangerous offer message circulates [WARNING]State pension age could ‘rise faster’ due to life expectancy [EXCLUSIVE] Lloyds and Halifax are due to close 40 more bank branches this year, with specific affected areas. HSBC is set to shutter 114 sites,with Jackie Uhi, the bank’s managing director of UK distribution, stating: “Footfall in many branches is at an all-time low, with no signs of returning. “Banking remotely is becoming the norm for the vast majority of us.” While NatWest and Nationwide will be closing a number of branches, with 19 shutting their doors for good in February. The news about bank closures comes as new research shows over 70s are increasingly turning to digital-only banking. READ MORE: Chip offers 'excellent' interest rate on easy access savings account The so-called ‘silent generation’ are being forced to consider alternatives as traditional bank branches are closing in their area. Of those aged 74 and over who said they have already, or plan to, open a digital-only bank account, 53 percent said the reason for doing so was due to a lack of branches in their local area. The impact of physical bank closures on the older generation is palpable, and many have had to adjust to online and digital banking. Kate Anderson, banking expert at finder.com, said: “This year, we can really see the impact that high-street branch closures are having on the banking market, particularly for the older generations. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “The fact that such a significant proportion of the silent generation have opened a neobank account due to the closure of physical branches suggests that the wind could finally be changing when it comes to older generations avoiding digital-only banking.” However, Ms Anderson suggested there may still be barriers when it comes to online banking for some. This does not necessarily just apply to older customers, with others expressing reservations also. The expert added: “one clear blocker is the value Brits place on being able to talk to someone in person. “The fact that so many claim that they do not trust digital-only banks is also a big problem that needs to be addressed in 2023 if these neobanks want to keep progressing in the market.”