Personal finance comparison site finder.com brought together experts and stakeholders to discuss the central bank’s options over the base rate. Out of the 11 panellists, 82 percent of those surveyed believed a 0.50 hike to interest rates is likely while two experts believe a 0.25 percent rise is possible. In the last year, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has chosen to increase the country’s base rate nine consecutive times. The base rate rate is the rate at which the UK’s central bank charges other financial institutions and lenders when they borrow money. Constant interest rates have been carried out to mitigate the impact of inflation and its damage on the wider economy. Currently, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation is at 10.5 percent but has reached as high as 11.1 percent in recent months. The MPC are due to meet again tomorrow (February 2) to discuss the fate of the base rate once more and a tenth hike is expected. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come While the majority of experts are in agreement a rise is likely, there is a split between the majority who believe it will be by 0.5 percent or 0.25 percent. If implemented a 0.5 percent hike will take the base rate to four percent with many analysts forecasting interest rates will peak 4.5 percent this year. Savers have benefited from the constant interest rate increases but those in debt and with mortgages have found their repayments shoot up in recent months. Even with the Bank of England’s attempts to rein inflation in, there are clearly ripple effects which impact the wider economy.  Jon Ostler, the CEO at finder.com, broke down the dilemma facing the central bank and the wider country. He explained: “With a weak economy and employment market there is a real danger of overdoing monetary tightening and we could end up in between a rock and a hard place and another hard place.” David Hollingsworth, the associate director at L&C Mortgages, added: “Reaching the peak of rate rises sooner rather than later should help borrowers adjust to the new rate environment and how it impacts them.” When asked by finder.com if the Bank of England should be more hawkish and increase interest rates, four panellists described this as the best option. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Dr Luciano Rispoli, a senior lecturer at the University of Surrey, said: “The large inflationary shock experienced in 2022 can only be counteracted by aggressive hawkish Bank of England monetary policy actions. Thus, I believe MPC actions can only go in one direction.” Stephen Sillars,a content manager at Chip, shared: “The UK needs to get a handle on inflation so it’s not really in a position to stop raising interest rates. “But the Bank of England can’t ignore the fact this may push the economy into more of a downturn than already predicted. It’s a delicate balance.” Giles Coghlan, a chief market analyst at HYCM, outlined what he believes the central bak should be focusing on in regardings to the economy. The financial expert stated: “The head says grind inflation into the ground and raise interest rates hawkishly. “For the longer-term health of the economy, historically speaking, this is the best thing to do. “However, the heart says go a bit easy as people are struggling and many people striking are only doing so as they can’t meet basic needs.” The Bank of England’s MPC will announce further changes to the base on Thursday, February 2, 2023.