On Tuesday, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, is set to spend time in Cirencester — a market town in Gloucestershire — and visit the charities Cirencester Signpost and Cirencester Housing for Young People. The Countess has become a highly-valued member of the Royal Family, with her and her husband Prince Edward stepping up to the plate amid big shifts for the Firm. It stands in contrast to the Earl and Countess of Wessex’s initial plans for married life, with both pursuing their own, external careers at the time of their wedding, and a royal scandal at the time. Sophie and Edward got married in June 1999. While Edward was running his production company, Sophie had her own public relations firm. Gyles Brandreth, author of Elizabeth: An Intimate Portrait, described the Countess as a “pretty, wholesome, blonde public relations executive who appeared to have a sensible head on resolute shoulders”. He added, however: “Appearances can be deceptive…” Writing in his book, which was published a few months after the death of the late Queen Elizabeth II, Mr Brandreth recounted Sophie’s early scandal involving the ‘fake sheikh’. READ MORE: Prince Edward not singing national anthem looked like a ‘powerful & deliberate statement’ He said: “In the spring of 2001, on behalf of her PR company, she took a meeting with a potential ‘client’, an Arab ‘sheikh’, who turned out to be an undercover reporter for the News of the World. Sophie’s small talk, as recorded by the ‘sheikh’, was hardly treasonable, but it was unfortunate.” During the meeting, the Countess referred to the Queen as ‘the old dear’ and the Queen Mother as ‘the old lady’. She described the then-Prince of Wales and Camilla Parker Bowles as ‘number one on the unpopular list’, and claimed they were only likely to be married after the death of ‘the old lady’. She also mocked the Prime Minister, calling him ‘President Blair’, and was particularly harsh about his wife, describing her as ‘horrid, absolutely horrid’. Mr Brandreth continued: “Most damagingly, she let slip that, while her company’s prestige and royal connections were not officially for hire, ‘that is an unspoken benefit.’ When Sophie discovered the truth about the sting, on advice from Buckingham Palace, she sought to bury her indiscretions and buy off the News of the World by giving them ‘a personal interview’ – and promptly fell between two stools.” The secretly recorded conversations with the ‘sheikh’ became the topic of the newspapers’ headlines around the globe. While the now-defunct News of the World ran a sensational interview, during which Sophie denounced the rumours surrounding her husband’s homosexuality and revealed they were determined to have a baby. The headline read, ‘My Edward Is Not Gay’. Soon after, the Countess stepped down from her position in the PR firm and in 2002, both she and the Earl became full-time working royals. As it is widely understood, in the years that followed, Sophie’s relationship with the late Queen blossomed, with the pair becoming particularly close. Mr Brandreth wrote: “It has worked out well for both of them: they have done the state much service. And it worked out well for the Queen, too, who was already close to Edward and who, as she grew older, became increasingly fond of Sophie — and dependent on her for company.” The Wessexes, who have welcomed two children since becoming full-time working royals: 19-year-old Lady Louise Windsor and 15-year-old James Viscount, Severn, live in Bagshot Park — just down the road from Windsor Castle. The author explained: “The ‘old dear’ and her daughter-in-law became good companions, eating together, watching TV together, completely comfortable in one another’s company.” According to another royal author, it was the late Queen who “rescued” Sophie after her scandalous start. Duncan Larcombe, former royal editor of The Sun and author of ‘Prince Harry: The Inside Story’, told GoodtoKnow in 2020: “When Sophie first entered the Royal Family she was in the crosshairs. But she decided that she wasn’t more important than the institution that she joined and she knew she needed to change and adapt.” He added: “The Queen in many ways was instrumental in rescuing Sophie.” Sophie and the late monarch’s relationship grew even closer following the death of the Royal Family’s patriarch, Prince Philip, in April 2021. The Countess was said to have been a pillar of support for the Queen. Mr Larcombe told Fabulous at the time: “Since the Duke’s death in April, Sophie has driven the 10 miles from her Bagshot Park home to Windsor Castle every few days and most weekends. And on the days she can’t get there in person, the Countess of Wessex has made a point of calling her mother-in-law at least once a day.” Upon the Queen’s death in September 2022, Sophie’s love for her mother-in-law was clear for all to see. Mr Brandreth wrote: “All the Queen’s children had sadness etched deep on their faces in those days between her death and her funeral, but none more so than her daughter-in-law, Sophie Wessex, and Sophie’s sister-in-law, the Princess Royal — who was the first to reach her mother on the day of her sudden deterioration and who stayed with her to the end.” Buckingham Palace has been contacted for comment. Elizabeth: An Intimate Portrait was written by Gyles Brandreth and published by Michael Joseph in December 2022. 