 Monica Bellucci, 58, and Tim Burton, 64, have been reportedly dating in secret for four months. Tim, who was previously in a long-term relationship with actress Helena Bonham Carter, first met Monica in 2006 but a recent meet-up saw sparks supposedly flying.    The couple first met 16 years ago, but romance is said to have blossomed last October when Tim and Monica bumped into each other again. At the Lumiere Film Festival in Lyon, Monica presented Tim with the lifetime achievement award. In his speech, he noted: “All my life put together, I have never felt so much love as tonight.” The actress, who was an honorary guest at the show, and the director were both single at the time and reportedly hit it off according to the Daily Mail. READ MORE: Martin Lewis celebrates special anniversary in surprisingly sentimental post about 'baby'  Later during the festival, Tim and Monica were spotted together as they headed to watch the re-production of Silent Documentary Film, which was originally made in 1985 by Louis Lumiere. Over the past few months, the pair have been sighted together a few times and it is now reported that the couple have been dating. 16 years ago, the industry legends briefly met in Cannes on the steps of the Palais des Festivals, but at the time they were both in committed long-term relationships. Monica married French actor Vincent Cassel in 1999 after meeting him on the set of the 1996 film l’Appartement.     Monica and Vincent had two daughters together, Deva, 18, and Leonie, 12, before they divorced in 2013. During their marriage, Monica said in an interview with Paris Match that she has “no rationality” in relationships. She declared: “You love or you don't. “You don't decide sitting around a table: OK, so I have two kids, 16 years of life as a couple, that would be nice if it lasts, but how I am going to make it work?  “I don't think at all that a couple is something ‘you work out’, as we say.” She briefly went on to date artist Nicolas Lefebvre but has seemingly been single since their split in 2019. Tim was also in a committed relationship to Harry Potter star Helena Bonham Carter, 56 after she was cast in his 2001 film Planet of the Apes. Their relationship grabbed headlines as they famously lived in inter-connecting houses.  Although they were never married, Helena and Tim had two children together, Billy, 20, and Nell, 16, before their split in 2014. Following their split, Tim was rumoured to be in a relationship with French actress Eva Green, but the Dark Shadows star slammed the suspicions. In a 2018 interview with Madame Figaro, Paris, the actress declared: “Tim Burton and I are not together, unlike what the rumours say. I am very lucky to have worked with him. “If I inspire him, he never told me. This is not his style: he is shy, modest, extremely sensitive.” Express.co.uk has contacted Tim Burton and Monica Bellucci’s representatives for comment.