Lando Norris has insisted he is happy to remain at McLaren after responding to comments made by Red Bull boss Christian Horner. The team principal laid on the charm by revealing what made Norris an attractive proposition to hire as Max Verstappen's team-mate, causing the Briton to laugh and joke about his future after he was told to "sign the Red Bull contract now". In the Netflix hit series Drive to Survive, a segment from the footage shows Horner being interviewed about possible team-mates for Verstappen before the team hired Sergio Perez. And the Red Bull supremo admitted that he was a fan of Norris' character as well as his driving, saying Daniel Ricciardo would not enjoy having him as a colleague at McLaren. "The fact that Lando is younger, he's a good looking young lad, he's funny. You would hate to have that [as a team-mate]", Horner says in the interview. Those comments were included in a video review posted on his YouTube channel Quadrant, where Norris is shown clips from the first four seasons of Drive to Survive ahead of the fifth season release - along with the presenter and his close friend, Max Fewtrell. READ MORE: Lando Norris concern as fears raised that McLaren 'have slipped back' Fewtrell, also a fellow racing driver but not in F1, quizzed Norris about Horner's charm offensive and jokingly asks if he had "paid" the 49-year-old to wax lyrical about him. "We were just in Bahrain, now we've got Christian Horner whispering saying you're a good looking lad?" Fewtrell asks Norris on Quadrant. "What is this video we've got here, man? How much did you pay him to say that?" Norris is then seen looking slightly uncomfortable and laughing uncontrollably, before replying with a joke. "A lot!", he said. Fewtrell then replays the quote from Horner for a second time and adds: "Jesus mate, just sign the contract with him now!" Norris again mutters something inaudible while laughing, before declaring: "I'm happy in orange!". LATEST F1 NEWSLando Norris wades in on F1 Drive to Survive debateLando Norris issues warning to This Morning hostLando Norris says he's 'happy to break' FIA rules in angry blast Many would regard that as a clear reference to his future with McLaren and, while he is under contract until 2026, although it remains to be seen just how long the Woking-based manufacturer can keep Norris content while the team struggles on the track. McLaren finished fifth in the Constructors' Standings like season and while Norris finished with 122 points in seventh place, making him the best of the rest outside of Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes, there is a consenus that the team are not rising to their potential and have shown signs of regression. Norris admits he was not expecting to win titles with the team when he put pen to paper on his reported £80million contract, but hopes to be shown signs of encouragement in the team's development in the coming years. “I'm still here for a few more years and it's because I want to be. It wasn’t that I knew we would be winning championships or anything," he said. "I knew that it's a journey and we need to develop and improve on what we have to get to that point. “We weigh up every possibility and there’s always a possibility it takes longer than my contract but I don't think that’s a talking point for me at the minute. I'm not the most patient guy but at the same time I'm very happy with the work, the plans and the development the team are doing. It takes time. I understand that and I am on the journey with the team.”