With many still worried about their energy bills and the cost of living crisis, it is important to try and keep costs down wherever possible. While this can seem difficult when it comes to the kitchen, there are several ways to save, according to an expert. HelloFresh’s Recipe Development Manager, Mimi Morley, explained: “The energy crisis is really having a negative impact on the vast majority of Britons in ways they might not have had to deal with before. “People may find that their motivation is lacking in the kitchen, but during these tough times cooking can have such a positive effect on our mental well-being and there are ways to do this without it breaking the bank. “There are many exciting, creative dishes that don’t require turning on the oven and while making use of this might not fix everything, it’ll certainly help.” Ovens are just one household appliance which can be expensive to run, especially if using it everyday, or even multiple times a day. If Britons can make use of alternatives such as a microwave or hob, they will be saving a “fair chunk” of both energy and money. READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required The expert noted: “The only time I’d recommend choosing an oven is with large families of six plus, where you might have to use the air fryer twice or use additional pans.” Mimi said: “You’d be surprised at the number of people that don’t know that using the lids on your pans saves you time and money. “Since heat is trapped inside the pan, it gets hotter and your food is cooked quicker. It’s a win-win, food is served sooner and you’ve saved a little too.” When placing lids on your pans, it may be worth staying close by to monitor the water levels, as they can overflow very quickly. DON'T MISS:Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring [COMMENT]Houseplant expert shares how to ‘encourage’ orchids to ‘repeat bloom’ [INSIGHT]Six ‘interior designer’ changes to upgrade your bathroom [EXPLAINER] While the dishwasher is great at saving time and can wash a large amount of dishes in one go, they do use a lot of energy, depending on the model and setting used. Instead, the kitchen expert recommended washing dishes by hand if possible to save energy, especially if you have a large family and are running the dishwasher often. Mimi added: “Plus, there’s the fact that you can actually see if your dishes are clean or not and it’s less likely that your dishes will have to go in for another round. “A simple, cost-effective change which will benefit you in the long run.” If not too dirty, leftover washing up water can be reused in the garden. READ MORE: Four ‘simple’ DIY methods to draught-proof windows for under £5 If you’re looking to save money in the kitchen on food, it may be worth cutting down on how many meat products you consume as they can be expensive. The kitchen pro explained: “If you’re cooking with meat, you could always use a smaller portion and bulk out your dishes with beans or nuts. “This not only allows your meat to go further but it is also a great way to add more variety to your diet. Alternatively, you can cut out meat for whole meals or altogether. “Nuts and legumes are great sources of protein and often add new textures to your plate.” What’s more, if you cut down on meat, you’re less likely to need to use the oven and can instead cook on the hob or microwave. According to Wren Kitchens, appliances can still use 10 to 15 percent of energy consumption even when on standby, but many people often forget to turn the plug off. Appliances left on standby could cost around £80 a year on energy bills, so remembering to turn them off can make a huge difference. What’s more, it is often safer to turn appliances fully off, especially if you have pets or children. The pros noted: “If it has a light or a digital clock, then it’s likely to be draining energy, so make sure to switch everything off or unplug them completely.”