With more and more people looking for ways to make extra money and leave their nine to five, one woman who managed to do this and achieve incredible success - including making £184,000 in a single month - is Brenda Gabriel. The entrepreneur has now turned her side hustle into a successful business and recommends others give it a go.  The 41 year old publicist from London used to work in the civil service before leaving her nine to five to set up a PR and marketing business. However, it wasn't all plain sailing. She told money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk: "When I left my civil service career after 11 years I knew I wanted to do something that would make a real difference in the lives of many but I also wanted to cover my bills. "I signed up to a property course to learn how to buy and flip houses. By the end of the course, I knew it wasn’t for me but there was a marketing and PR segment which I found mind-blowing. I learned all about the power of PR and promotional marketing. "I learned about the different ways small unknown businesses could raise their profile and gain clients with ease if they had access to someone who could help them." READ MORE: Best places to live in retirement and how far your pension will go  The mum of a teenager and two younger children had no marketing or PR experience when she started out but managed to convince a company founder to give her a chance. After a while, Brenda decided to take the leap and go self-employed but admits the journey wasn't easy. "In my first year of being self-employed I made £11,000," she said. "I now run a six-figure business and have done since 2018 which seems insane. "When I worked as a civll servant, I was excited at the prospect of progressing to a salary of £60,000 as a senior manager. My highest sales month was £184,000 of sales in just one month." DON'T MISS:Over 50s encouraged to take advantage of 7% interest rate [ALERT]Savings account 'to pay double inflation’ turning £10k into £12,462 [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak ‘needs to worry’ about raising tax rate to 25% [WARNING]  The simple key to Brenda's success is a willingness to find a way to do whatever it takes to get to the next stage. She explained: "This could be anything from networking to offering my services for free. I’ve taken numerous training courses and hired numerous coaches and a finance manager. "At the start, I sold my Chanel handbag and jewellery to fund my coaching. I’ve even pawned a diamond ring multiple times to cover basic essentials. "The switch from being employed by a company to running your own can be daunting. It’s a real culture shock to go from being paid every month no matter how much work I did or didn’t do, to be responsible for making sure I get paid every month."  The successful business woman hasn't forgotten the crucial advice she’s received from influential people. She added: "I’ve learned several things. Take what you learn from others and adapt it to fit you. One size doesn’t fit all. "A problem cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created it. You can have results or excuses, but you can’t have both. Someone has to serve people at the bottom but it doesn’t have to be you." She has also benefited from influential mentors who have helped shape her approach to business. "My PR agency boss was my first industry mentor. I knew nothing about running a successful business in the PR industry before working with her. "I have been working with mentors and coaches in some way since I went self-employed. When I left the civil service, I spent £10,000 on a property training course, which ended up being a waste as I never went into property. However, I did meet some people who became friends and one even became a client later down the line. "I hired my first business coach in 2015 after having my third child. She was just five months old but I couldn't afford not to bring any money in. I wasn’t eligible for financial support as my partner was working but it wasn’t enough to sustain a family of five. I went from earning £400 per month to £800 per month which was huge for me at the time. "In the summer of 2017 I hired the coach who would change it all. It was less about running a business or being a great publicist and more about having the confidence to believe my own hype and charge accordingly. I’ve never looked back." Brenda’s main inspiration is her clients. "I only work with people who I believe deserve to have their story, message and work shared with the world. "One of my most inspirational clients is the former CEO of Porsche. He was actually responsible for bringing the company back from bankruptcy in the 90s. He’s also a world record holder, has raised hundreds of thousands for charity and is currently setting up a platform to help young people get all the support they need to set up and grow a new business. "Another former client is a life and business coach who has changed the face of the coaching industry by doing things her way. She has celebrities following her and a successful podcast and donated an entire month’s revenue, $250,000, to the Ukraine crisis. It's not every business owner who makes that sort of impact on the world and we rarely hear about them. My mission is to get as many of these inspirational people into the mainstream media as possible."  Brenda’s advice for others wanting to launch their own business is simple. She said the most important thing is to get started and to be prepared to suck at everything in the beginning. "Every master was once a disaster. What’s most important in the beginning is to keep showing up for yourself and be prepared to fail. "There are so many ways to make extra cash these days and social media accounts and books which all provide great advice on how to set up and run a successful business or side hustle. That means there’s no excuse not to do it. "The only thing to beware of is taking advice from multiple sources and trying to mix everything up at the start. Decide on a course of action and follow it through to success. So much time can be wasted trying to implement all the advice given that you never get anywhere fast." 