Pensioners are being hit with a double whammy of soaring inflation and energy bills which is placing a great strain on them financially. With many older people reliant on their state pension, the return of the triple lock will be welcome for thousands of households. Retirees will be looking to see how much they make once this payment rate increase is implemented in April. Since 2010, the Government has promised to increase retirement payments by either inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent every year. Whichever is the highest figure for the September before will be used at the metric for raising payment rates. Due to wages being artificially inflated during the pandemic, the triple lock was temporarily suspended last year with pensioners missing out on a larger payout and only getting 3.1 percent despite inflation skyrocketing in the meantime. However, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed last year the pledge on state pensions would be reinstated to support older vulnerable households. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come As it stands, the full new state pension is £185.15 per week for claimants and is accessible to people once they turn 66. Comparatively, the full basic state pension is to £141.85 per week and can be claimed by those who turned pension age prior to April 6, 2016. Taking into account the 10.1 percent rate hike, full new state pension payments will rise to £203.85 a week. Furthermore, the basic state pension will increase £156.20 a week come April with the triple lock’s return. Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, broke down the concerns over the future of the state pension. He explained: “The Government Actuary’s latest report shows that in each year from 2024/25 till 2027/28, receipts will be less than expenditure. “While these latest figures don’t look beyond 2028, unless changes are made, the state pension looks increasingly unaffordable. “While there is a very small fund to cover the shortfalls till 2028, it is declining rapidly and could run out entirely unless the Treasury steps in and pays special grants.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The retirement expert warned unprecedented changes to the rollout of state pensions could be introduced to address this issue. Mr Cameron added: “The Government did honour the state pension triple lock this year, but there is growing concern that granting such generous upratings in future years will simply be unaffordable, without putting growing pressures on today’s already stretched workers. “The Government will shortly publish findings of its review into state pension age, and there’s a strong likelihood that on affordability grounds, this will have to increase beyond age 67, earlier than currently planned. “These latest Government Actuary figures make changes to state pensions even more likely.” Older people can apply for benefits, such as Pension Credit and Attendance Allowance, from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) if they are on low income or have a disability, respectively. Pension Credit claimants will also be eligible for the Government’s £900 cost of living payment for those on means-tested payments. Notably, every pensioner household in the country will be entitled to a £300 cost of living payment to help pay with rising bills. The triple lock payment raise for state pensions will be introduced in April 2023 for recipients. A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: "No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. "The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and the second state pension age review is currently considering, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports, whether the rules around state pension age remain appropriate. The review will be published in early 2023.