AlphaTauri have unveiled their car for the 2023 Formula One championship with a lavish reveal in New York City. The AT04 will be the vehicle Nyck de Vries and Yuki Tsunoda hope will improve the team's standing this year after an underwhelming display last season. AlphaTauri finished a disappointing ninth in the Constructors Championship in 2022 after years of challenging towards the front of the midfield. The Italian outfit struggled to adapt to the new regulations as easily as their nearest competitors with their performance suffering as a result. The team accumulated just 35 points over the course of the campaign and have undergone major changes during the off-season. Former Mercedes reserve De Vries has replaced Alpine-bound Pierre Gasly in what will be his rookie year in the sport. Meanwhile, Tsunoda faces a make-or-break 12 months with the team likely to consider other options if he continues to underwhelm. Now, AlphaTauri has unveiled the AT04 for the season ahead at a launch event in New York. While the aerodynamic details have been largely kept under wraps they have taken the opportunity to reveal their fresh livery. The look carries a hint of red in reference to new sponsor Orlen. Polish oil company previously sponsored rivals Alfa Romeo but have now joined with the Italian manufacturer instead. The manufacturer are not the first to reveal their 2023 model in the Big Apple following in the footsteps of sister team Red Bull.  The energy drink giants chose the American city as they announced their engine partnership with Ford from 2026 and while AlphaTauri are also likely to be powered by the carmakers' engines in the future their decision was for a different reason. The team is named after Red Bull's fashion label, AlphaTauri, and their launch coincides with New York fashion week. The AT04 will be seen on track for the first time on Tuesday when the team take it for a spin as part of their filming day. Speaking on their hopes for the season ahead technical director Jody Egginton said the team had incorporated what the had learned from the AT03 as they look to reduce the car's mass. “We learned a lot from the AT03 during its development, and a lot of that information went into the overall layout of the AT04 in order to address some of the shortcomings identified on last year's car," he explained. “Simply put, we lacked some downforce compared to our main competitors and identified opportunities to reduce mass. "Almost all areas of the car represent a strong evolution from the AT03, and great attention was paid to packaging so that we would have the best basis for aerodynamic development.” AlphaTauri will hope the car can bring improved results when the 2023 Formula One campaign gets properly underway in Bahrain on March 5.