Emmerdale's Nate Robinson (played by Jurell Carter) has taken a back seat in the ITV soap of late. However, during the latest hour-long instalment, he appeared to be struggling as fans spotted him wearing a sling. He also left his girlfriend, Naomi (Karene Peters) upset as he struggled to stay awake for their date. Nate left Naomi disappointed as he fell asleep when they were meant to be going out. "Nate, you're supposed to be ready by now," Naomi quizzed. "Really?" he asked. "Sorry I must have nodded off." Clearly impatient by Nate's tiredness, Naomi said: "Go get showered, changed, put on some nice smells so we can get out of here." READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Nate huffed as he asked: "You still wanna go?" As Naomi insisted she still wanted to go on their date, Nate said: "We could always cuddle up on the sofa, watch some cosy TV and get a takeaway." "Like we do every night," Noami hit back. "Plus, you'll just end up falling asleep while watching Murder She Wrote." "It gets lonely being your girlfriend," Naomi told him as he replied: "I am tired and my arm is still hurting." Following the episode, viewers took to social media to share their concerns about Nate. Could the villager end up leaving the Dales after a heartbreaking health diagnosis? Many questioned why the farmer was tired and sleeping all the time. Sacha wrote: "Hope there's nothing wrong with Nate health-wise.. sleeping so much! #emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [REACTION]22 Kids and Counting fans fume at Radford family's 'tone deaf' remark [VIDEO]Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [INSIGHT] "What happened to Nate? #Emmerdale @emmerdale," Liz asked. While Ryan Glendenning penned: "God Nate is tired he's sleeping for England #Emmerdale." "Did we find out why Nate had his arm in a sling or is it a fake one so he has an excuse to avoid Naomi's demands?" @fussyMcWhiskers joked. Alex Davenport quizzed: "What has Nate (or the actor)done to his arm? #emmerdale." Jayne M went on to share: "Sam was stabbed through the shoulder but he seems fine. Yet poor Nate is still struggling." Other fans think Nate and Naomi should break up for good. "Nate really showing Naomi how he feels about her, be the dumpee rather than the dumper #Emmerdale," @VampLover27 said. Michelle Jones predicted: "Nate and Naomi don’t match. She could do better. #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.