New court documents appear to suggest Nicola Peltz's mum, Claudia Peltz, was keen to invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex - even though the couple did not know Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Brooklyn Beckham tied the knot with his wife Nicola Peltz in a lavish ceremony last year. The couple's wedding planners Nicole Braghin and Arianna Grijalba were left "devastated" earlier this month when billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz launched a lawsuit demanding his £132,000 deposit back. Mr Peltz, 80, claims the pair were fired just weeks before the three-day wedding extravaganza at the £76 million family mansion in Palm Beach, Florida, last April because of alleged "mistakes". The Daily Mail has revealed the explosive details of new court filings after wedding planners Nicole Braghin and Arianna Grijalba filed a counterclaim in a Miami court for breach of contract and "interference" with a business deal. Ms Braghin and Ms Grijalba are also suing bride Nicola Peltz Beckham, her mother Claudia, and wedding designer Rishi Patel for damages of at least £41,000 plus additional costs. READ MORE: Richard Gere, 73, taken to hospital with pneumonia in Mexico In the documents, obtained by Daily Mail, Ms Braghin and Ms Grijalba claim that there was mass confusion over the guest list, and in a series of WhatsApp messages, there were issues with the list of attendees. Claudia asks: "Did Megan get an invite" to which her daughter Nicola asks: "Who’s megan." Her mum then asks: "And Harry". It is unclear if Claudia was referring to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, however many of their close friends and A-list star's attended the three-day wedding which took place at the Peltz's $90million estate in Palm Beach, Florida.   Guests included Eva Longoria, Spice Girls' Mel C and Mel B, Gordon Ramsay, and Serena and Venus Williams. According to the same publication, The Peltz family did not want Victoria Beckham to find out about "mistakes" in the wedding planning. The filing read: "Both Claudia and Nicola had insisted that Victoria Beckham could not know about any internal mistakes regarding the ongoing planning of her son’s wedding, including any errors with the guest list". The documents also allege that Nelson wanted to cancel the wedding - which cost over $3 million - and that he at one point reportedly called the proceedings a "[s**t] show". DON'T MISS... Patsy Kensit flashes engagement ring after millionaire beau proposes[LATEST]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts' wife reacts to pub purchase[EXCLUSIVE]Britney Spears admits 'hubby hates this video' as she posts racy clip[US] Meanwhile, Brooklyn and Nicola enjoyed Valentine's Day as the couple splashed out at luxurious Japanese restaurant Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills. The pair ordered an eye wateringly expensive wine to celebrate their first Valentine's Day as a married couple. "Special day, special bottle of 2015 mouton," Brooklyn wrote on his Instagram Stories, as he enjoyed the Chateau Mouton Rothschild with his beloved wife. The pair are also believed to have splashed out more than £100 on a sushi selection for their night out. Just hours earlier, Brooklyn took to Instagram and shared a selfie of the newlyweds as he drank a glass of wine. He captioned the post: "Happy Valentine’s Day to my forever baby x I’m the luckiest man I get to have you as my valentines every year forever." Nicola replied: "My forever valentine!! I love you so much!!" She also took to her account and shared a photo of Brooklyn gifting her a bouquet of red roses.