Princess Eugenie showed off her growing baby bump on Thursday night when she stepped out for dinner in Notting Hill. The 32-year-old royal is expecting her second child with her husband Jack Brooksbank. The Duke of York’s younger daughter was spotted wearing a chic black dress for the dinner date with her husband. It comes after Eugenie made a brief, secret visit to California last week, amid speculation that the couple could be moving Stateside. She had a visit to the Frieze LA VIP art show held at Santa Monica Airport on February 16. The pregnant royal has previously worked at the esteemed London art gallery Hauser & Wirth for years. She also has some history in the US, having lived in New York between 2013 and 2015 when she worked for the auction house Paddle8. JUST IN: Britons give verdict on Harry and Meghan returning to UK  Santa Monica airport is just 90 minutes from Montecito, where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle live. Eugenie is known to be close to Harry after attending the 2021 Super Bowl game with the Duke. In his controversial memoir, Spare, Harry mentioned that Eugenie and Jack were the first royals to meet Meghan. He recalled their first encounter in the book and said the two ladies got on "as if they were sisters". Eugenie's husband Jack is a businessman with close connections to US CEO Michael Meldman, which has added fueled the speculation. At the moment the couple split their time between the UK and Portugal, where Jack works in high-end property development. Eugenie is expected to give birth to her second child in the summer. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan 'in denial' as Sussexes doubt embarrassing polls [INSIGHT]New maps show wall of snow covering length of UK [FORECAST]If we appease Putin's madness this thing becomes a World War [COMMENT] The couple first made the announcement on January 24 when the couple said their son August is "very much looking forward to being a big brother". At the time, the couple released a photograph, taken by Mr Brooksbank, of Eugenie smiling at her son who embraces and kisses her stomach. The baby will be born 13th in line to the throne and will be a plain Miss or Master. The couple's son August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, who was born at the Portland hospital in central London on 9 February 2021, recently celebrated his second birthday. 