Manchester United's opponents Real Betis have been dealt a huge injury blow ahead of their Europa League clash after Nabil Fekir was ruled out until the end of the season. They are set to welcome the La Liga outfit Betis to Old Trafford on March 9 for the first leg of their last-16 tie, but Betis coach Manuel Pellegrini will arrive in Manchester without his star playmaker Fekir. The French forward was taken off injured in the 3-2 win over Elche on Friday and the club have now confirmed he will be ruled out for the foreseeable future after picking up an injury to his left knee. He has scored two goals and assisted another two in 14 La Liga appearances this season. A club statement read: "Nabil Fekir suffered a hyperextension of his left knee in one of the last plays during the match against Elche CF last Friday. The tests he has undergone by the Real Betis Balompie medical services have confirmed that he has an anterior cruciate ligament injury in said knee. "The player will have to undergo surgery in the next few days to resolve this injury, the prognosis of which implies that he will miss the remainder of the season." READ MORE: Erik ten Hag reacts to Man Utd getting 'skilful' Real Betis in draw The 29-year-old's history of knee problems is believed to be what scuppered his chances of joining Liverpool in 2016, when the club reportedly pulled out of a £38m deal to sign him from Lyon due to concerns over the strength of his right knee. And those concerns may have been valid, especially when the France international has injured his other knee on this occasion, with Fekir missing out on one of the biggest matches of his club career. The Europa League is one of the realistic competitions that remains for the Red Devils after beating Barcelona in the play-off round. And Fekir's injury will surely improve their chances of overcoming in-form Betis, who are lying in fifth in La Liga. The Red Devils ended their six-year trophy drought by beating Newcastle United 2-0 to win the Carabao Cup on Sunday, and United have three competitions to focus on in their next three matches, with West Ham in the FA Cup on March 1 and Liverpool to come after on March 5 before they face Betis four days later. DON'T MISSMan Utd and Arsenal handed tough ties after Europa League last-16 drawMan Utd face financial crunch as shares tumble amid Glazers stayFerguson names two things he likes about Ten Hag after Man Utd cup win Head coach Erik ten Hag is targeting more success elsewhere as his side continue battle on all four fronts this season. “You have to win the first [trophy] and that is what we did today. You can take inspiration from this, but also more confidence," he told reporters. We are still at the start [of the process] to restore Man United to where they belong. We showed the right spirit – we fought and gave everything, as a team. "It wasn’t always the best football but it was effective. There is a hunger and desire for trophies.”