Chelsea have now gone six games without a win in all competitions after being beaten 2-0 by Tottenham with more issues for Graham Potter to try and fix. Express Sport takes a look at four things the Chelsea boss will have learned from the defeat in north London. While there's no doubing the individual abilities of players such as Raheem Sterling, Kai Havertz and Joao Felix, the trio looked like complete strangers to one another on the pitch against Tottenham. Each were guilty of holding onto the ball for too long with all three showing their frustration at not being passed too on several occasions. It's the area of the pitch where Graham Potter still hasn't got his players singing from the same hymn sheet and it doesn't look like changing any time soon. They barely troubled Fraser Forster in Tottenham's goal and will need to find a solution sooner rather than later to fight for a European spot. The Tottenham-Chelsea rivalry has created some of the feistiest Premier League matches in previous years and this match was no different. Tackles were flying in from the outset with Harry Kane leaving a bit on Kepa Arrizabalaga after chasing down a loose ball while Christian Romero barged into Kai Havertz after a coming together.  Tempers finally boiled over at the end of the first half when Hakim Ziyech was confronted by Richarlison for a tough challenge, sparking a melee that ended with the Chelsea star shoving Emerson Royal in the face. Referee Stuart Atwell went on to dish out a number of yellow cards before showing a red to Ziyech - but the Morocco international was then told to stay on the pitch while the match official went over to the monitor before overturning his original decision. While most of Chelsea's squad have struggled to find their best form, Thiago Silva has arguably been the standout player throughout the entire season for the Blues. Despite being 38 years of age, Silva has been a stalwart at the back for Chelsea and has played more minutes than any other player at Stamford Bridge this season.  But the Brazilian could now be set for some time on the sidelines after going off with a worrying injury. His presence at the back will be a huge miss for Chelsea's if he's ruled out for a length of time in the latest blow for Potter. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Mykhaylo Mudryk were both getting ready to come on when Harry Kane fired in Tottenham's second of the game to secure all three points. Chelsea had barely had a sniff in front of goal, but Potter left it too late to make drastic changes in attack. He wasn't short of attacking options on the bench with Aubameyang being named as a substitute for the first time in over a month. Mason Mount and Denis Zakaria failed to make a difference when they were introduced on the hour mark with Chelsea still chasing the game. With pressure mounting on Potter, leaving it too late to bring on Aubameyang and Mudryk have only compounded the Chelsea boss' position.