The language model, ChatGPT, launched in November last year, can consume a vast amount of data and answer prompts by giving a human-like text response. The app is the fastest-growing in history, reaching 100 million users within the first two months of its launch. This week, the chatbot was been used to identify 15 conspiracy theories that were proven true by declassified government documents. 34-year-old businessman and former Made in Chelsea star Francis Boulle posted a Twitter thread saying he had "asked ChatGPT to tell me 15 conspiracy theories that turned out to be true based on declassified government documents". Here, Express.co.uk takes a look at some of the disquieting former theories, now truths.  During the Cold War, the CIA launched a secret programme named MK-ULTRA which was an expansion of existing research and went on for some ten years in the Fifties and Sixties. It was set up to examine how mind-controlling drugs could be weaponised and used against the US's enemies after becoming convinced that communists were doing exactly the same. The project was the CIA's “principal” program into chemical and biological agents and was led by the chemist Sidney Gottlieb, described by journalist and author of the 2019 book about him Stephen Kinzer as “the first person the United States government ever hired to find ways to control human minds”. In official government documents, published in the Seventies, it was described as being “concerned with the research and development of chemical, biological, and radiological materials capable of employment in clandestine operations to control human behaviour”. Although many details of the project were lost in the CIA’s destruction of documents, it is now known that Gottlieb’s studies were conducted at various institutions such as hospitals, clinics, and prisons in America and abroad. The experiment’s subjects, some of whom died in the process, underwent psychological torture, receiving electroshocks and high doses of LSD. In fact, Gottlieb arranged for the CIA to pay $240,000, around $3million today [£2.46million], for the world’s supply of LSD. Ultimately, the research did not manage to control any minds. Information about the programme later came to light. Although it has occasionally been joked about and referenced in American culture as a conspiracy theory, MK-ULTRA targeted often vulnerable people and subjected them to heinous experiments with little or no consent.    At the time of the US Public Health Service’s experiment’s launch in 1932, there was no treatment for syphilis, a sexually transmitted disease that can cause life-threatening issues if it goes untreated. It can lead to problems with the heart, brain, nerves, and organs. It can even cause blindness. Before the introduction of penicillin in 1947, it was a dreaded disease in America with around one in ten US citizens suffering from it in the Thirties. In order to tackle the problem, researchers enrolled 600 African American men from Alabama in the project to study the progression of the disease, particularly its neurological effects. The men, many of whom had never visited a doctor before, were promised free medical care in return for taking part. Some of the men had no idea that they even had the disease. Charles Pollard, one of the survivors of the experiment, told the Washington Post in 2017: “All I knew was that they just kept saying I had the bad blood — they never mentioned syphilis to me. Not even once.” The men were not treated, instead, they were used to examine the entire progression of the horrendous disease. Local physicians were convinced not to treat them and they were given aspirin and supplements instead of penicillin, despite it becoming the recommended treatment more than a decade into the experiment. Many of the patients went blind, insane, contracted severe health issues or died. Peter Buxton, a venereal disease investigator, discovered what was happening and after the health service ignored his warnings, deciding to continue, he leaked the story to the press. The study was ultimately shut down but the damage was already done. Some 130 people had died and some 60 people had contracted it from their spouse or in childbirth. READ MORE: MK Ultra: CIA files reveal bizarre mind control experiment    Also called the Wall Street Putsch and the White House Putsch, the plot sought to overthrow then-President Franklin D. Roosevelt in a bid to stop his New Deal which was dubbed “socialist”. In Jules Archer’s 1973 book, The Plot to Seize the White House: The Shocking TRUE Story of the Conspiracy to Overthrow F.D.R., he wrote: “Roosevelt was damned as a socialist or Communist out to destroy private enterprise by sapping the gold backing of wealth in order to subsidise the poor.” In the wake of the likes of Adolf Hitler taking to power in Germany in the early Thirties, a group of wealthy pro-fascist businessmen bankrolled an uprising with the hope of getting a dictator in power in America, too, in the shape of General Smedley Butler, who served in the Marine Corps for 34 years. In 1934, the plot came to light. The businessmen’s plot to overthrow the President was made known by Butler. Under oath, he testified that he had been approached to lead an army of 500,000 soldiers, funded by riches, equivalent to several billion today. Butler’s claims were not pursued with vigour initially and were largely dismissed as a “gigantic hoax”, as it was described in the New York Times in 1934. However, the committee’s final report found Bulter’s claims were “alarmingly true” and that a “Fascist march on Washington” had been considered. DON'T MISS: Pruritus could be an 'early' sign of pancreatic cancer - doctor [ANALYSIS]Meghan's lavish Valentine's days before Harry relationship [INSIGHT]Families facing biggest council tax rise ever [REPORT]    The FBI’s COINTELPRO, short for Counterintelligence Programme, sought to disrupt the activities of the Communist Party in the US in 1956 and later the likes of the Ku Klux Klan, the Black Panthers Party (BPP), Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. and those who spoke out against the Vietnam War. The espionage bureau’s targets were put under surveillance with the government files revealing that the FBI sought to “discredit, disrupt and destroy”. One of its main targets was the revolutionary Black rights group BPP, founded in 1966, which was described by President Herbert Hoover as the “greatest threat to the internal security of the country”. Rumours were spread, dissension was created. In 1971, it ended after an FBI office was burgled. The programme was later widely criticised for, amongst other things, breaching first amendment rights.   