The Government’s own sexual harassment survey shows that almost 30% of the UK working population has experienced some form of workplace sexual harassment in just the last 12 months. That is more than 10 million people. Some 1.5 million people have been harassed by a third party, meaning that clients or customers were allowed to harass 1.5 million workers. All this lays bare the ongoing epidemic in our workplaces. The problem is that the current laws on sexual harassment mean employers often adopt individual responses to institutional problems. That creates space for employers to minimise what is going on, and leads to confusion about how to respond appropriately. Only 45% of managers felt supported by their organisation when reports were made to them. We can and must do better. The focus needs to shift from redress to prevention. My Bill, which has just passed into the House of Lords to complete its journey into law, would provide this desperately needed shift in focus. It would ensure that employers prioritise prevention by imposing a new duty on them to take “all reasonable steps” to prevent their employees from experiencing workplace sexual harassment. That will not require employers to do anything substantially more than what they currently must do to avoid legal liability for acts of harassment carried out by their employees, but it would mean that employers could potentially be further held to account if they have failed to take those actions. First by an uplift in the compensation awarded at an employment tribunal, and secondly through the EHRC’s strategic enforcement. It would also make sure employers put sufficient protections in place for employees against sexual harassment by third-parties, something currently missing in the law. For too long, the onus for challenging sexual harassment has been on individuals. Our current laws mean employers do not know how to respond appropriately to cases, which leaves people who have encountered traumatic experiences unsupported. Introducing a standalone preventive duty for employers will shift the responsibility from individuals to the institution. It will prevent harassment and protect victims, and it will drive a change in the culture around victim blaming.