Boris Becker has revealed he was reduced to tears in his prison cell when Novak Djokovic won Wimbledon last year. Disgraced tennis icon Becker watched Djokovic claim his fourth straight Wimbledon title last summer during his eight-month stint behind bars. Becker, 55, was released just before Christmas after initially being sentenced to two-and-a-half years UK imprisonment over bankruptcy related offences. The three-time Wimbledon champion had been jailed for hiding his assets after declaring bankruptcy, but is now starring in a new documentary about his turbulent life. And the documentary, titled ‘'Boom! Boom! The World vs. Boris Becker' and directed by Oscar-winner Alex Gibney, includes details of his close relationship with world number one Djokovic. Becker coached Serbian legend Djokovic to six of his 22 Grand Slam titles in a dominant period from 2013 to 2016. And the German pundit has now explained how he was brought to tears as he saw Djokovic claim his latest Wimbledon crown last summer.  READ MORE: Novak Djokovic's dad gives emotional speech on childhood bombings  “Novak Djokovic became a family member,” Becker said at a Berlin press conference. “You know we had a professional relationship for many years and we parted ways in 2016. But we always stayed close and especially my time inside (prison) - while I was inside, Novak supported me, he supported my family. I started crying when he started winning.' He added: “I'm very proud that probably the greatest player of all time is part of a story of Boris Becker.” Djokovic defeated Australian maverick Nick Kyrgios in four sets to seal his victory at SW19 while Becker watched on from his prison cell. But Becker will not be able to grace the grass courts of Centre Court following his early release from prison as he is banned from entering the UK. He had been a prominent pundit with the BBC during the annual fortnight at the All England Club before his imprisonment.  LATEST TENNIS NEWSNovak Djokovic's ex-coach explains how relationship was 'cut off'Djokovic and Nadal accused of 'kidding' rivals with injured Slam winsNovak Djokovic has left Nadal and Federer behind for 'another level'   Becker has since worked from his native Germany for Eurosport, covering last month’s Australian Open in Melbourne remotely. But he is currently forbidden from re-entry into the UK and is set to be dropped from BBC’s coverage this year. But in his new documentary, that highlights his incredible rise to stardom on the court and his tumultuous time in recent years, Becker insisted he is now in a good place after using his experiences in tennis to cope during his challenging time in prison. “The only thing that saves you on a tennis court is your mind – you’re afraid, you respect your opponent, you don’t know how it’s going to be, and life in jail is like that,” he said. “You never know what is around the corner. “The wins and losses (in tennis) have prepared me for my life after. There have been ups and downs, but I’m still sitting here and I’m okay.”