Winter is in full swing and keeping the home warm is key to achieving a comfortable space during the colder months. Interior experts at design-led furniture brand Swoon shared their top tips on how to create a cosy space at home and revealed that there are four ways to make the home feel "warmer" without having the heating on. The interior designers claimed that it is all about the lighting, and selecting the right light is key to feeling warmer and cosier in your living room or bedroom. "Sometimes, the way a space is lit can affect the overall atmosphere, and warmth of the space," they said. Bright white, clinical lighting imposes "a cold ambience to any room", and therefore should be avoided, the experts recommended. Instead, people should consider warm tones, mood lighting, and even coloured bulbs "to create a warm vibe, without adding any heat at all!" they said. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine  Head of design at Swoon, Sam Baldry, shared his favourite tricks to create the perfect winter space: “When the darker evenings draw in, I love to switch up my lighting set up to enhance the mood and warmth of my living space. After the sun sets, table lamps, wall lamps, and floor lamps are great alternatives to using the main ceiling light. "Dimmer, more dispersed lighting can help to create tranquil corners in your space, and can also help to relax your eyes, body, and mind before you retire to the bedroom." He recommended "keeping all your lighting accessories themed together for a super ‘put together’ aesthetic". "I love the look of all brass appliances in a space, ensuring you use warm-toned bulbs to maintain a welcoming atmosphere.  "Unifying the materials used, but diversifying the shape and style of each light creates a super chic combination that looks like it was put together by a high-end luxury designer. It’s a great little trick to achieve an expertly designed space without hiring a professional," he explained. But lighting is not the only way to feel "warmer" at home, as other interior design tricks include using curtains, soft furnishings and rugs. Windows can become draughty during the colder months, so covering them up in a "stylish and functional way is a great solution". "Curtains are often forgotten about when designing a room, however, due to their incredible versatility, they are simple to incorporate into any room. Plus, as around 40 percent of heat from your home is lost through your windows, curtains are super handy at keeping that all important heat in," the expert explained. READ MORE: Kitchen colours that can make room smaller - 'Absolutely avoid' When selecting curtains for the house, people should consider two major factors: the dimensions and colour. "For maximum heat retention, ensure your curtains generously cover the full surface area of your window." Also, when it comes to choosing a colour, "it’s always best to take inspiration from your chosen room’s aesthetic". If you have a Scandi-style space, for example, a neutral beige is a timeless choice to ensure your curtains blend well with your current colour scheme. "However, if you’re feeling bold, there is a great opportunity to make a statement with a daringly bright hue," the expert suggested. Using soft furnishings is also key as social areas can become chilly quite easily during the colder months so "it is important to equip them with homely soft furnishings to ooze comfort and snug vibes". For example, you can create a basket or box full of warm throws for the living room, or update your bedspread to a thicker, heavier fabric in our bedroom such as velvet, which is "super chic and is sumptuously soft". Finally, hardwood, tile, or laminate floors can be chilly so placing a carpet or rug down in your space can help to keep your home "toasty and retain up to 20 percent more heat". When it comes to placing and styling a rug, Sam Baldry recommended: “I love placing a rug in specific areas to create zones in the home. In the living room, positioning a rug between the coffee table and sofa creates a snug area dedicated to respite and relaxation – and will help to reduce heat loss in your abode, too. “If you are choosing a new rug, select a thick, hand-tufted woollen rug that suits the surface area of your space well, creating the ultimate under-foot experience. For an aesthetically pleasing display that all of your guests will envy, choose a warm tone such as a burnt auburn or harissa red. Sunset tones are great at bringing warmth into any space.”