FIA bosses have claimed Mohammed ben Sulayem’s decision to step aside from the “day-to-day running” of the FIA was already planned despite ongoing tensions with F1. The FIA stressed Ben Sulayem’s decision to hand over more control was part of his manifesto promises. The move comes after a reorganisation of F1 departments was completed following a transitional period. Nikolas Tomazis will take on a “transversal role” with Ben Sulayem remaining as president but focussed on wider strategy. In a statement to Express Sport, the FIA said: “The president’s manifesto clearly set out this plan before he was elected – it pledged 'the appointment of an FIA CEO to provide an integrated and aligned operation,' as well as to 'introduce a revised governance framework' under “a leadership team focused on transparency, democracy, and growth. These goals, as well as the announcement of the new structure of the Single-Seater Department have been planned since the beginning of this Presidency. "The FIA President has a wide remit that covers the breadth of global motorsport and mobility, and now that the structural reorganisation in Formula One is complete this is a natural next step.” READ MORE: F1 and FIA in 'open war' with relationship 'hanging by a thread' However, Ben Sulayem’s move comes amid a period of high tension between the FIA and F1 bosses. German site Sport1 has recently claimed F1 owners Liberty Media are looking to replace Ben Sulayem as president after a string of controversies. They reportedly have ex-Prodrive and Motorsport UK boss David Richards as their preferred candidate. Ben Sulayem has disagreed with F1 chiefs over a wide range of issues such as grid expansions to driver protests. Team bosses including Christian Horner and Toto Wolff as well as key drivers like Max Verstappen and Valtteri Bottas have called out the FIA over plans to ban protests. The FIA wants the sport to remain “neutral” but the governing body has been accused of silencing drivers’ voices. DON'T MISSFIA and F1 set for another bust-up as chief sides with Lewis Hamilton  [INSIGHT]F1 team boss claims Mohammed ben Sulayem 'has to go' as pressure rises [COMMENT]Fred Vasseur left 'convinced' as storm around FIA president rages on [ANALYSIS] F1 lawyers also threatened legal action against the FIA after Ben Sulayem suggested a potential £16billion ($20b) Saudi Arabian takeover deal was “inflated”. The FIA boss has also backed Andretti’s bid to join the F1 grid ahead of the new 2026 regulations despite opposition from F1 team principles it could “dilute” prize money. On announcing f1’s new structure, Ben Sulayem said: “We have dedicated a lot of time and effort to making significant, informed changes to our Formula One team to create the right structure with the right people to oversee the future regulation of the sport. “By developing and empowering people within our organisation, as well as bringing in expertise and experience from the outside, I am confident that we are in the best position possible to move forward together with our partners at FOM and the Formula One teams.”