BT Sport host Jake Humphrey apologised to Liverpool fans ahead of their clash with Real Madrid on Tuesday, after repeating UEFA's stance in last year's marred Champions League final. Many Reds supporters were unable to get into the ground in Paris while police used tear gas on those that travelled to France in scary scenes. However, fans were recently absolved of any blame that was initially put upon them by an independent review. A UEFA-commissioned review into the treatment of fans outside the final found failings that “almost led to a disaster” after faults by European football’s governing body and the lack of a venue risk assessment by French authorities. Humphrey saw Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard describe the scenes last year as a "disgrace" before looking into the camera and apologising directly to the Reds fans for repeating the governing body's stance at the time, as he was unaware of the details of events around the ground. "We are hugely regretful that we were reading out those false statements," Humphrey said as he opened the show. "The only statements shared on the big screens as we were inside the stadium was a completely false narrative. I just want to say sorry to all the people involved in this football club, the stress was added to you because of us sharing that information, which we now know to be completely false. "The truth is that those football fans that were being accused were out there saving the lives of other football fans, including our family members and our friends. If lessons aren’t learned, then next time that this happens there could be even more of a tragedy than we saw on that night in Paris, so let’s hope those lessons are taken on board, absolutely, but it can’t be repeated often enough - Liverpool fans absolutely not to blame for what happened that evening despite the initial messaging that came from the governing body." After an independent investigation cleared Liverpool fans, Gerrard expressed his delight at the verdict. "I think that news was very welcome in this stadium and amongst every Liverpool fan because it’s not good enough," Gerrard said.   "I think the treatment on the night was a disgrace. I think it’s the only time as a pundit I’ve never really enjoyed it - we didn’t have no signal inside the ground, no internet connection. We were getting the wrong information fed to us and there was a lot of confusion. You have family and friends that are outside the stadium and the treatment was a disgrace basically. Thankfully the independent investigations have come clear and there’s no blame for Liverpool fans which is important. "That’s what Liverpool fans do, they stick together, they try and help each other and they’re there for each other. I think the important thing now as well as moving forward is there needs to be accountability. This investigation took too long and now that it’s clear and the truth’s out, someone needs to be held accountable and we’ll see what happens moving forward." UEFA again apologised to Liverpool and said that "a special refund scheme for fans" will be announced separately after the review was published. 