The Metropolitan Police has increased its presence in Walthamstow, east London, after four people were stabbed within a mile of one another on Wednesday. Officers responded to four separate incidents in Walthamstow across three hours on Wednesday, February 22. In a statement, the force said the four male victims are receiving hospital treatment and that officers arrested two on suspicion of attempted murder. Officers attended the first incident at 3.45pm on Wednesday after receiving a call from the London Ambulance Service. They found a man in his 20s suffering from a wound in a vehicle on Queensland Close. He was rushed to a North London hospital, and his condition is not thought to be life-threatening. A second man in his 30s was found with stab wounds less than three hours later at 6pm on Brandon Road at the junction with Wood Street. Another two 18-year-old men were found with stab wounds around the corner on Stocksfield Road. The two teens were taken to hospital and arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, the Met Police added. Officials have not disclosed the condition of the two 18-year-olds or the 30-year-old victim. A spokesman for the Met Police said the investigation is in a "very early stage". They added that enquiries are ongoing and issued an appeal for information. People who may have information relative to the stabbings have been asked to contact the police non-emergency 101 line. They can provide a tip quoting the reference CAD 5668/22 Feb. Local leaders have responded to the series of events, with Walthamstow MP Stella Creasy speaking out over Facebook. The post stated that due to the "proximity of the various victims, the narrow window of time between incidents, and other recent violence" police authorised a Section 60 CJPOA. The Section 60 gave police powers to prevent additional incidents in the area until 6.30am today. Ms Creasy also called for residents to stop "commentary and speculation" following the "serious violence". She added: "I recognise these are deeply upsetting incidents and have already been in touch with the police about these matters." Chief Superintendent Simon Crick, responsible for local policing in north-east London, said the Met is "taking significant steps to increase our local policing presence in the area". He added: "We are working with partners and our community to do all we can to prevent further violence. "Local officers, who know the community, will be on patrol in the area. These are your officers, please speak to them about any concerns you have. "Our detectives are also supporting the family of the man who remains seriously ill in hospital."