With living costs putting additional pressure on pockets and bank interest rates fluctuating, Britons have been searching to secure the highest returns on their savings. Savings expert Lucinda O’Brien unveiled the top rates offered across easy access, fixed rate and cash ISA accounts today. Money.co.uk's Ms O’Brien commented: “The Bank of England announced last Thursday that the Base Rate had increased from 3.5 percent to four percent, and although it is still early days, we are already seeing some small changes to the rates on offer. “Fixed-rate bond rates have dropped slightly compared to last week, with the highest rate standing at 4.5 percent from Raisin UK with its five-year fixed-term. However, cash ISAs are starting to look more favourable as Barclays' one-year flexible cash ISA has an interest rate of four percent.” Alternatively, she continued: “If you would prefer to access your money sooner, the 120-day notice savings account from Furness Building Society has a competitive interest rate of 3.5 percent.” There is a wide range of different savings accounts people can opt into to suit different needs and requirements. READ MORE: Barclays, HSBC, Lloyds and NatWest pay 0.5% but savers can get 4.17%  Easy access accounts are typically more flexible, as these allow savers to make payments and withdrawals with minimal restrictions and with small opening deposit requirements. Topping the leaderboard of easy access savings accounts offering the highest interest rate is Yorkshire Building Society’s Rainy Day Account (Issue 2) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent. This account offers a competitive, two-tiered variable interest rate and savers can get started with as little as £1. The 3.35 percent rate is applied to balances up to £5,000, while a 2.85 percent rate is applied to balances over £5,000.01. DON'T MISS: You could still save £444 a month if you're on the average salary [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    Withdrawals are permitted on two days per year based on the anniversary of account opening, plus closure at any time. Fixed-rate accounts add another level of certainty to savings, as these accounts enable savers to secure an interest rate for a set length of time. Taking the lead in six-month term savings accounts is ICICI Bank UK’s Six Month SuperSaver Bond with an AER of 3.5 percent, while My Community Bank’s One Year Fixed Term Deposit is currently taking the lead of one-year savers with an AER of 4.18 percent, according to experts at Money.co.uk. READ MORE: O2 warning over call or text that will drain customer bank accounts  Savers need to invest at least £1,000 to open each of those accounts and interest is calculated daily. Topping the list of three-year fixed term savers is The Access Bank UK’s Limited Sensible Savings Three Year Fixed Term Savings Bond with an AER of 4.4 percent, while Raisin UK’s Isbank Five Year Fixed Term Deposit offers an AER of 4.45 percent. Cash ISAs are a particularly popular option, as these accounts enable savers’ money to grow without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). However, some ISAs can come with a few more restrictions, like penalty charges for early access or transfers.  For those who need instant access to their cash ISA, Cynergy Bank Online ISA (Issue 29) is offering the highest rate today with an AER of 2.85 percent. The account can be opened with just £1 and savers can withdraw funds anytime without penalty. Barclays’ One Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 36) tops the list in this category with an AER of four percent. The account can also be opened with just £1, however, a maximum number of three free withdrawals are allowed during the term. For those looking to put money away for a slightly longer period of time, Close Brothers Savings Five Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA tops the list with an AER of 4.2 percent. The minimum opening deposit for this account is £10,000 and withdrawals are not permitted without penalty. 