It is reported that singer Adele is engaged to Rich Paul. The couple has been dating since 2021, and the singer has been wearing a large diamond ring on her ring finger for almost a year. The news was reported by online gossip site Deux Moi, which credited "a very reliable source". Adele wore the massive sparkler this weekend at her Las Vegas show during the weekend. However, she first wore it to the BRIT Awards in 2022. Adele and her partner have not confirmed they are engaged. The couple seems loved up, however. Adele sang "Happy Birthday" to Rich during one of her Las Vegas shows in December. She told the crowd: "'And I love him more than life itself, so can we wish him a happy birthday? His name's Rich!" She gushed about his further in an interview with Elle. The singer said: "I've never been in love like this. I’m obsessed with him. I definitely want more kids.' READ MORE: Ivanka Trump's engagement ring is worth $500K - so why does she rarely wear it? Whether or not Adele is wearing an engagement ring from her beau, she is still wearing a rather sizable diamond ring. Express asked experts just how much that enormous gem might be worth. Alexandra Michell, gemologist at Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn exclusively told Express: "Adele is rocking an approx. 8cts pear cut diamond on a fine platinum band and simple four-claw setting. "The band itself is pave set with small round brilliants on either side of the centre stone. A beautiful design where the pear shape stone diamond really stands out. "If this 8cts stone is D colour and IF clarity grade, the price tag would easily top over half a million pounds". DON'T MISSNaomi Biden wore jewellery costing $46,150 for her lavish wedding [US] Melania's three dazzling diamond rings from Donald have increased in value [EXPERT] Meghan Markle wore $37,000 of jewellery in Netflix documentary [STYLE] Rich Paul is an American sports agent. The 41-year-old from Ohio has been dubbed one of the most powerful sports agents in the world by Forbes. The couple went public with their romance in July 2021 at a sports game. They watched Milwaukee Bucks and Phoenix Suns play basketball at the NBS Finals. In September the pair went Instagram official, a huge millennial relationship milestone, when they attended the wedding of NBA star Anthony Davis's wedding in Los Angeles. Adele described how she met Rich in an interview with British Vogue. She told the fashion magazine she met him at the party while "a bit drunk" and joked to the agent "Do you want to sign me? I'm an athlete now."