Erling Haaland has warned his Manchester City team-mates that they will have to be 'sharp' to avoid slipping up at Nottingham Forest on Saturday. The City Ground is a daunting destination for even the best of teams and has become Steve Cooper's side's key to Premier League survival. Man City have momentum after snatching the top spot from Arsenal with a 3-1 win at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday. But by the time their clash with Forest comes around, the Gunners may have regained a three-point advantage if they beat Aston Villa earlier in the day. And the pressure will be on City to respond on a pitch that hasn't hosted a Forest defeat in the league since September. The Midlands giants are unbeaten in seven home league games and will hope to have a say in the title fight this weekend. Haaland, who netted his 32nd goal of the season at Arsenal midweek, has insisted the visitors must be on their game to win a third successive league outing. JUST IN: Murtough explains Harrison appointment as Man Utd fill director role  He told the club website: "We will get the treatments in, train a little bit and get ready for the next game because it comes really soon, and we have to be sharp in that game. "The most important thing is to win. It's about working as a team and following Pep's [Guardiola] plan. This is our job." City have won four of the last five Premier League titles and flaunted their credentials again at the Emirates. Pep Guardiola's weren't at their best but took chances when they arrived and earned a significant mental scalp over Arsenal, who they also beat in the FA Cup fourth round. DON'T MISS Arsenal boss Arteta gives injury update on three players for VillaKevin De Bruyne shares his true thoughts on Mikel Arteta after shoveFootball news LIVE - £5bn Qatar Man Utd bid, Barcelona 'scandal' And after three defeats in their last eight games, Haaland has demanded improvement if they want to tighten their grip on the gold. "I know how good this team is. This team has been winning the Premier League for the last five seasons. We cannot forget that," Haaland explained. "Everyone [in the dressing room] is the current champions and have experience. We are still a damn good team. We have to play together and demand from each other. "We have to start going on a winning streak and fight for each other in every single game because they are all difficult. We have to start winning more." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here