No matter how safely I think I’ve packed my jewellery, I often find the necklaces I’ve packed are tangled when I arrive on holiday. I tried three packing hacks in an exclusive experiment to see if there’s a way to stop this from happening. exclusive The straw method is an inexpensive way to protect your necklaces from tangling while travelling. I used a paper straw, but you could also use a pasta straw or purchase a cheap reusable bamboo one. I threaded one end of the necklace through the straw and then closed the clasp at the mouth of the straw. My necklace has a pendant on it so that had to sit outside the straw. Although a little part of the chain was still hanging from the straw, it was still compact enough to put in my toiletry bag. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ The straw should keep the necklace chain from moving too much and creating knots as you travel. If you have a chain bracelet, you could use a shorter straw and use the same threading method to protect it. I was pretty impressed with this trick as it was quick, inexpensive and effective. The trick is also environmentally friendly if you avoid using plastic straws. As straws are readily available around the globe, you could also pick up another one if you buy a necklace on holiday. The second hack I tried was the plastic wrap method. Fairly self-explanatory, you wrap the necklace in clingfilm to stop it tangling. Necklaces often become tangled when they wrap around jewellery or items in your suitcase, so individually wrapping each in plastic should help prevent this. Before wrapping the necklace, I closed its clasp and made sure it was lying flat. I then wrapped it tightly in clingfilm. While I think this hack would make the necklace less likely to become tangled, I think there’s still a chance it could become twisted in the wrap. This trick also took longer than the straw method and I ended up using a fair bit of plastic. READ MORE: Jet2 issues Spain holiday warning over flight delays For this trick, I grabbed a toilet roll tube and wrapped the necklace through it, just like in the straw method. Personally, I wouldn’t recommend this hack as the toilet paper tube took up too much room in my suitcase. However, you could use an old toilet paper tube to pack dangly earrings. If you cut off a piece of tube and pierce the earrings through it, it might help to stop them tangling. The piece of cardboard could then be laid flat in your toiletry bag or a separate accessories bag. Out of the three tricks, I would recommend the straw method. It didn’t take up much room in my case and it kept my necklace from tangling. Plastic wrap could be a good alternative if you’re very limited on space or you’re packing a very long necklace. Although I didn’t try it in this experiment, experts also recommend packing jewellery in a small pill box to stop it tangling with other pieces. If you don’t have time for hacks, travel jewellery organisers can be purchased online at several major retailers.