George Russell enjoys a breathtaking lifestyle after amassing a £13million fortune in F1. The Mercedes star was valued at just £829,000 ($1m) last season but has seen his wealth rise after making the switch to F1’s top team Mercedes. From gorgeous holidays to top supercars and unbelievable trips, Russell lives the life of luxury away from the racetrack. Russell rents a flat in London but has previously expressed interest in moving to Monaco. He admitted he was “checking out some places” back in 2021 but admitted he would hold fire due to coronavirus. However, he decided to spend lockdown at his family home with his parents, sister and trainer. In a special clip for Sky Sports, he showed off his special sim racing set-up equipped with a gaming keyboard. He has kept his three favourite helmets including his F2 championship-winning design, one he used for Williams at the British Grand Prix and his Mercedes colours. Russell is fond of his parents’ countryside lifestyle and admits he visits regularly. He said: “My parents live in the countryside and I like going there to have walks in the field. It’s a really good way to balance the craziness of the Formula One lifestyle.” READ MORE: George Russell proved Valtteri Bottas wrong about Lewis Hamilton Russell is a keen traveller and enjoyed a stunning trip to Italy with girlfriend Carmen Montero Mundt in December. The pair visited the Leaning Tower of Pisa with Russell posting images of him visiting coffee bars and eating pasta. It comes just months after they went on holiday to Mallorca over F1’s summer break. The F1 race winner posted images of himself topless on a boat alongside the caption “all aboard captain.” However, it appears he also used the trip for some mid-season training after uploading images and videos of him breathless after a long cycle trip. Russell appears a Mercedes man at heart with the 24-year-old owning a string of the manufacturer's most gorgeous models. He posted an image of his stunning Mercedes AMG GT back in 2021 alongside the caption “Love my little rocket!” He also posted pics of two AMG C63 cars with Russell even spotted washing them down himself with a bucket of water. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell tipped for ‘comeback’ at Mercedes [COMMENT]Toto Wolff shares Mercedes stakeholder concerns with question raised [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff advised to help 'weaker child' between Hamilton and Russell [ANALYSIS] Russell was dating Seychelles de Vries, sister of AlphasTauri star Nyck, when he first joined F1. However, the pair have since split with Rusell now in a relationship with investment broker Carmen Montero Mundt. The pair appear smitten with each other with Mundt regularly spotted on Russell’s social media accounts. Russell embraced Mundt for a gorgeous snap of the pair after the Autosport Awards in London. Mundt was ecstatic when Russell earned his promotion to Mercedes, posting a touching message. It read: “All smiles. So proud @georgerussell63.” Russell is a keen cyclist with Alex Albon admitting he has been on trips with the Mercedes star. Albon said: “We were going to the forest for a cycle and the rear brakes weren’t working on my spare bike. It didn’t really affect me because I was using my main bike. “I would say George isn’t the best cyclist in the world — I cycled more than him [so] I was like, ‘George, you take the good bike, I’ll take the one without the rear brakes.” However, Albon admitted he broke his collarbone on the trip after not being able to stop when dropping down a steep hill. Like team-mate Hamilton, Russell also seems to be a keen fashion fan. He has been spotted wearing Tommy Hilfiger designs and had a deal with watchmaker IWC Schaffhausen since joining Mercedes.