Now is the perfect time to start preparing your garden for spring with beautiful daffodils, tulips and other beautiful springtime flowers. If your garden needs some TLC after wet, windy and cold weather, it's time to act now in order to achieve a spectacular garden in the months ahead. Gardening expert and director of Easy Garden Irrigation, Sean Lade, has shared which jobs gardeners should be doing in February to achieve an organised and attractive spring garden display. Sean said: “Spring is only around the corner and will be here in no time. This month is all about preparation. "Divide and transplant your perennials to create more space; this will help with growth and prevent overcrowding. "Plant bare-root trees and shrubs; these establish quicker when not planted in pots. It’s not too late to begin sowing seeds indoors, especially vegetables such as tomatoes and peppers that take longer to grow."  Lawn care Lawns are often neglected in the winter months so it's important to give them a boost before the spring season begins. The expert said: "At this time of year, adding some fertiliser to your lawn will help it grow healthy and keep it lovely and green for the coming year." Tidy up Don’t forget to keep on top of garden tidying to avoid anything becoming damaged or covered by leaves and debris. Keeping paths clear will also ensure there are fewer hazards on pathways that are already slippery with ice. DON'T MISSPruning in winter is ‘essential’ for garden plants to ‘thrive’ [INSIGHT]David Domoney shares 4 houseplants that act as ‘mould-busters’ [UPDATE]Best methods to water snake plants to avoid ‘rotting’ plant's roots [ANALYSIS] Planting crops If you want to begin planting, you can start with some cool-season vegetables such as peas, broad beans and radishes. You can also start planting carrots, rocket, baby beetroot, spinach and turnips. Prune trees and shrubs Sean said: "This is a good time to prune deciduous trees and shrubs, as they are dormant and will not be damaged by pruning cuts." Divide and transplant perennials If you have overcrowded perennial beds, February is a good time to divide and transplant them to create more space. READ MORE: Natural method removes ivy ‘effectively’ without harsh herbicides Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Plant bare-root trees and shrubs Many trees and shrubs are available for planting in their bare-root form in February. This is a more economical way to add to your garden, and the plants will establish more quickly because they are not in pots. Start seeds indoors Sean said: "If you want a jump start on the growing season, you can start seeds indoors in February. "This is especially useful for vegetables that need a long growing season, such as tomatoes and peppers.” Clean up the garden After the winter, your garden may be covered in leaves, twigs, and debris. Take some time to tidy up the garden and remove any winter damage. Repair and maintain garden tools February is a good time to take inventory of your garden tools and make any necessary repairs or replacements. You can also sharpen and oil tools to get them ready for use.