New research from luggage storage experts, Radical Storage, has named the world’s best city for street food. The team looked at Tripadvisor reviews to uncover the world’s top gourmet destination. READ MORE: Cruise guest frets over holiday’s formal dress code Paris was crowned the street food capital of the world in the study, with 76 percent of its street food restaurants rated four stars. Perhaps unsurprisingly for the capital of France, the best rated street food in Paris is crepes, according to Tripadvisor. La Creperie took the number one spot for street food in Paris with one user describing them as the “best crepes” in the city. But Paris isn’t just about crepes and croissants, the city also has some of Europe’s best North African and Middle Eastern street food. In Le Marais district, tourists will be able to find delicious falafel or homemade challah to enjoy. Athens took the second spot on the list and has a whopping 222 street food places according to Tripadvisor. Highlights of the city’s street food scene include souvlaki, ‘kourou’, a type of cheese filled pie and takeaway seafood. Athens is also known for its sweet treats and tourists should try loukoumades, a type of fried Greek doughnut. READ MORE: The UK’s best beach for stargazing is a ‘hidden gem’ Rome took third place on the list, with pizza top of the street food checklist for tourists visiting the city. Pizza is served by the slice in the Italian capital, often at very affordable prices, the perfect snack for people watching in a square. Tourists can also pick up pasta to go or enjoy fried codfish, a cod fillet dipped in egg, served battered and deep fried. For dessert, tourists can sample gelato from one of the city’s gelateria or grab a candied chestnut from a bakery. Barcelona took the crown in Spain. The world famous La Boqueria market is at the top of most tourists’ lists. However, if the central market is too crowded to pick up some street food, the city also has plenty of other enticing food markets. Budapest claimed fifth spot on the list and tourists can even grab goulash to go in the Hungarian capital city. For dessert, there’s nothing better than chimney cake, a sweet brioche bread glazed with sugar and cooked over coals.