Chelsea new boy Mykhaylo Mudryk has been likened to former Blues ace Arjen Robben by Joe Cole, who played alongside the flying Dutchman during his time at Stamford Bridge. The west Londoners splashed out in excess of £88million to sign Mudryk as part of their free-spending January recruitment drive but the 22-year-old has earned mixed reviews since moving to the Premier League last month. He turned plenty of heads with his aggressive forward play when he was introduced as a substitute to make his Chelsea debut against Liverpool but endured a tough time of things against Fulham in his next outing and was hooked at half-time by Graham Potter. However, Cole believes that it is only a matter of time before Mudryk starts living up to his sky-high price tag by emerging as a hugely important player for the Blues in the not-too-distant future."He's going to be a top player for Chelsea,' Cole told BT Sport ahead of Saturday's meeting with London rivals West Ham. "Mudryk looks a fantastic final third player who can beat a man, excite the crowd and has great feet."He reminds me of Arjen Robben in the way he drives past players in short bursts and makes the right decisions in the final third. I think he's going to get better and better so Chelsea have got him at the right time, he just needs to settle. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer pain as Chelsea planning to go 'all out' for Osimhen "It's a big jump coming from Ukraine to the Premier League so they'll need to give him some time but I'm really excited about him once he learns to play under Potter."Mudryk scored 10 goals in 18 appearances for Shakhtar Donetsk in the first half of the campaign before joining Chelsea last month and will be expected to keep producing moments of quality on a regular basis between now and the end of the season. He is a player held in the highest regard by those in power at Stamford Bridge, who tied him down to a mammoth eight-year contract upon his arrival in west London. Cole is not the only ex-player to have compared Mudryk to Robben in recent weeks, with Steven Gerrard making a similar observation following the winger's impressive cameo against Liverpool last month.The former Liverpool midfielder told BT Sport: "He looks the real deal. Some of his clips today were outstanding, he reminded me a bit of Arjen Robben today, the first touch he got wrong but from here his footwork and how quick he is, how he manipulates the ball. I would be very excited if I was Chelsea." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.