Can somebody please tell me what the point is to the HS2 project? It was supposed to be an example of a modern country using technology to speed up travel between our major cities and level up some of the inequalities between North and South. But instead what we have, as is often the case when we try to build major pieces of infrastructure, is a diabolical cock-up that will cost twice the price it was supposed to and end up only doing half the job. Think the Scottish Parliament building, Crossrail or the Hinkley C power station, and why should we be surprised that a train track that was supposed to cost £55billion to go from London to Leeds will now cost £72billion to £98billion and stop at Manchester. And it gets better! Last week we got a sneak peak at a report that suggested premium-paying punters on the superfast trains from Manchester would be dumped off at Old Oak Common in west London and told to get the Tube or bus! What a fiasco, and Chancellor Jeremy Hunt thinks HS2 is an example of how his government can be trusted to deliver major infrastructure projects. Seems to me it's an example of the exact opposite, Jezza. Anyway, even if our Government was any good at getting things built, what are the chances that we'd actually have trains (with drivers) to go up and down anyway? On this little island of ours, getting the trains we have to run at all, let alone on time and at the speeds they are designed for, might be a better target for Mr Hunt and his inept cronies! We still haven't properly left the European dictatorship but, as far as I can tell from speaking to an enormous number of people, many remain in favour of Brexit - not in rejoining the EU. Though to be fair there have been polls, like one last month for instance, that showed 54 percent thought it was wrong to leave the EU against 34 percent who thought it the right idea. Former Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has said the door is open for the UK to return to the EU any time we want. But the truth is that rejoining is simply not an option. Already we are bringing in replacement strategies on things like farming policies. And there is the much-trumpeted promise to have a bonfire of all the EU red tape in the near future. Of course we still have to solve the Northern Ireland protocol. But maybe President Biden can give things a push if he comes over for the Good Friday Agreement anniversary. We have still not got rid of our ties to the EU. But it will wish to continue trading with us. Yes, it will be difficult in the beginning because of the dictatorship in Brussels, but we will all get through it. I had never heard of Andrew Tate until I saw him interviewed by Piers Morgan and thought, "What a prat". He's a former kickboxer who has become notorious as a social media "influencer". The influence is malign as he is a self-admitted "absolutely misogynist and absolutely sexist" and promotes these views, having a disturbing appeal to teenage boys, some of whom probably have difficulty coping with the opposite sex. Though he's been booted off many media sites, parents and teachers fear his ideas are encouraging misogynistic and aggressive behaviour. At the moment he's facing charges and in jail in Romania. Let's hope that may discourage his young fans from continuing to ape his example. I was wandering around outside a few days ago and what should fly low and slow overhead but a Spitfire. It was like being transported back into one of those black and white wartime movies, The First Of The Few, William Walton's score making you straighten your spine in pride. But with technicolor! I sat on the steps and reflected on how the current generation would react if another world war ensued. Of course, in this nuclear age, it might be a very short war indeed. Of course, looking at the example of Ukraine, a small nation fired up to battle for survival against a large and merciless foe, not unlike Britain in the Second World War, one might feel reassured. But one side effect of the supplying of weapons to Ukraine has been to make experts suggest that Britain's Armed Forces are no longer large or well-equipped enough to be a world-class fighting unit. I just wonder, too, if today's younger generation would be ready to take up arms in something they couldn't just "cancel". The brilliant roar of the Spitfire's Merlin engine brought this all back to me - it's the sound of freedom. Maybe now though we need the Ukraine spirit instead of the Spitfire one. All this talk of bullying is getting on my nerves. Everybody is apparently being bullied now when somebody superior to them tells them they're no use or no good at what they're doing, or they could and should be doing it better.When I was younger, that sort of feedback, for want of a better word, made me want to up my game and improve. Nowadays the only response seems to be to complain and try to get your boss suspended. To me, bullying is when the biggest bloke in your class picks on you because you're the smallest. I suggest somebody do something about this fashion for complaining very quickly. And please can everybody start getting more robust about criticism. Though not wishing to prejudge the ongoing inquiry into Mr Raab, I might suggest that in the tough world of politics, if the Deputy Prime Minister, for instance, tells you you're not doing a particularly good job, he might well be within his rights! Harry to testify against Meghan | Kate gives message to kids | Archie won’t attend coronation