CBS action series NCIS came back to screens last month with more cases for the team to crack. The title card was aired at the end of the 13th episode of season 20, which was called Evil Eye. Here’s a look at the title card and Fred Tate. Tate was a crew member behind the scenes on the long-running show, which is said to be akin to a family. He is thought to have died on December 7, 2022 after suffering from both cancer and pneumonia, according to an NCIS fan Facebook post. The post on the NCISfanatic.com group went on to say: “If you would like to do something in memory of Fred, please donate to your local bunny rescue or animal shelter. Thank you - The Huot / Tate Family.” The producers behind NCIS also held a brief memorial after the most recent episode aired on Monday (February 7) night. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food Although most of his work was behind the cameras, Tate appeared in a small role back in season four. He took on the role of Charles Harrow in the show opposite Cote de Pablo’s Ziva David. Tate was a crew member on NCIS back when the show first started. He would often appear as a stand-in for David McCallum’s Ducky Mallard on the show. Stand-ins are often used on shows with many performers having one. Tate also had some small roles in The General’s Daughter starring John Travolta, according to IMDb. The site goes on to detail some of his other work including serving as a set decorator, working in the art and sound departments. He is also listed as working in the transport department on the 1988 film Midnight. Along with his television and film work, Tate was also an author, according to Hidden Remote. He is said to have published several books including one called The Warren. NCIS has paid tribute to the cast and the crew over the years when people have died. This year, NCIS marks its 20th anniversary after first airing back in 2003. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [THEORY]Happy Valley viewers blast 'disappointing' finale [VIEWER REACTION]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT] NCIS was a spin-off from the show JAG, which itself ran for 10 seasons between 1995 to 2005. Former characters from JAG even appeared in NCIS but the spin-off has gone on to be a TV phenomenon it itself. The show is still going on strong on screens with spin-offs including NCIS: LA and NCIS: New Orleans. Most recently, NCIS: Hawai’i launched with back in 2021 and led by Vanessa Lachey. NCIS airs on CBS and Paramount Plus on Mondays at 9/8c