As easily fooled as the character of Clouseau was in the Pink Panther tonight's interview left the impression that even he would have struggled to come to any other conclusion that Boris Johnson wants his old job back, even if he did not directly say it. His appearance on his former cabinet minister Nadine Dorries' opening show for Talk TV was all about reminding his supporters, the wider Conservative Party and maybe the country as a whole that there is an alternative leader waiting in the wings ready to reenter Downing Street. It seems from this evening's chat that Mr Johnson has been trying to fill his time since being unceremoniously turfed out of Downing Street. The keen amateur artist is trying to master the form of a cow. "Cows are actually far more difficult to draw than you think. How many toes on the front does a cow have? It’s two, and they’ve got a little thing on the heel." He has also been "almost blacking out" by laughing so much at Pink Panther films. But in truth we all know that he has been focussing on how to get himself back as Conservative Party leader. The interview tonight was the sixth leg of a comeback tour which has Team Sunak biting their nails. It started in Egypt with COP27 - and it may not have entirely been a coincidence that Mr Sunak made a last minute decision to attend after finding out his predecessor was going. Then Mr Johnson went on to the Carlton Club - a sort of home for the Conservative Party in London - to unveil his portrait. With barely a chance to ruffle his hair he shot across to Davos in Switzerland to hobnob with the rich and powerful at the World Economic Forum (a notable absentee being Mr Sunak). From their he jetted to see his old pal President Zelensky in Kyiv before being feited in the US by the great and good of the Republican Party and network interviews. While in America he managed to make a jab at his successor and former Chancellor in Downing Street for not helping out the Ukrainians enough. It's been hectic! And here he was this evening sitting on the couch with his loyal political friend and ally chewing the cud as such - or was just the cows he has supposedly being painting? As expected there were no awkward questions, not exactly a grilling more two pals discussing the world as they see it. Mr Johnson did not go out of his way to profess loyalty to Mr Sunak, nor did he ask ohers too either. On the other hand he did not directly attack him after all he had Ms Dorries to do that with her "submarine Prime Minister" jibe. READ MORE: Boris Johnson hails Brexit for 'saving lives' during Covid pandemic But there was a reminder that Labour can be beaten. "Old Sir Crasharooney Snoozefest, the human bollard - Keir Starmer, that is - he thinks that he's going to get people to vote Labour just by standing there and doing nothing. It's not going to happen." A good bit of the old colourful language and charm which helped put together a historic colaition of traditional Tory and former Labour voters up and down the UK in that great victory in 2019. It was noticeable that Talk TV ran the interview the very night after Rishi Sunak moore prosaic and functional performance on the same Channel. DON'T MISS Boris is working in the shadows and there's a whiff of coup in the air [INSIGHT] Pressure piles on Sunak as just 37% blast teachers for striking [REVEAL] Staggering 91% of readers agree Tories have made a ‘mess’ of Brexit [REACT] But there was another prod on policy in which many Tory MPs think the Sunak government has gone in the wrong direction by raising taxes. Mr Johnson pointed out he would need to cut them to win. "The economy will start to improve, inflation will come down, people will reward the Conservative party, they will reward the Government for being sensible, for cutting their taxes and for getting things done that they need done."  Meanwhile he laid out his policy on Ukraine, defied Putin on nukes, politely downplayed the Partygate issues and carried on looking like the Prime Minister that many in his own party wish he still was. Another policy jab at Sunak: "It wouldn't be a bad thing if we gave them more tanks ourselves." It is far from certain that a coup against Mr Sunak - should he continue to struggle and be 21 points behind Labour in the polls - would succeed. But it is worth noting that behind his buffoonery Inspector Clouseau in those Pink Panther films was remarkably lucky and always came out on top. Many have said the same about Mr Johnson in regard both the buffoonery and the luck. As long as the comeback tour rolls on who is to say he won't be back?