When discussing the earthquakes, Capital FM DJ Ant Payne joked that now is the best time to take a holiday in Turkey. He went on to say: "You can get your teeth done while you're over there." The joke has sparked hundreds of Ofcom complaints, with many listeners threatening to "boycott" the broadcaster. Broadcasting watchdog Ofcom received 567 complaints in total, with fans also airing their anger on Twitter. "I think now is the best time to look at some cheap flights away to Turkey," the DJ began. "Over the next few years, get your teeth done while you're over there. "You can come back looking 19. You'll be on Love Island next year if you do it now," he added. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Capital FM listeners have been left outraged by Ant's joke, with many sharing the clip on social media. Twitter user @eray0108 raged: "Over 35,000 are dead. A country in mourning. Thousands of people trying to raise money for those affected and this is what @CapitalOfficial says about it. I am in shock and disgusted…" (sic) "SACK HIM!!!" Jasmine fumed as Hana added: "Announce his termination of employment NOW." Gemma also agreed: "Absolutely disgusting, should be sacked." While some listeners are calling for Ant to be sacked from his presenting role, others are refusing to listen to Capital FM. "Thousands of people are missing/dead in turkey and @CapitalOfficial think it’s okay for one of their presenters to be making fun out of this situation, this is extremely disgusting and I won’t be listening to capital FM again," @clickclackk__ tweeted. While @Sxma18 said: "@CapitalOfficial silence on @ant_man_go derogatory comments on mocking the deaths of 37k is HUGE. "Never listening to this BS channel again. Typical white man privilege." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague  [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [NEWS]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Mandy Dingle star drops clue  [SPOILERS] Ant has since taken to social media to apologise for his comment, admitting it was "ill-timed". In view of his 5,114 followers, the broadcaster said: "Hi guys, I want to address the comment I made last night on the show. "It was insensitive and ill-timed. I would never wish to offend anyone from my shows. "My sincere and wholehearted apologies," the Capital DJ concluded. His response has since sparked almost 1,000 replies, with many telling him it was "too late to apologise". @alhan pointed out: "A very cool, calm and collected apology which you could’ve made last night but instead, you wanted to like tweets to antagonise. "Only apologising now because ur employer pressured you. 16 year age gap is a Mazza Don’t ever forget that and moreover Lava splash for ur whole life. (sic) Others shared heartbreaking images of people who have lost their homes and loved ones as a result of the earthquakes in Turkey. Along with one photo, @G_Nemesis said: "For example, can you apologise to this man, he doesn't let go of his daughter's hand even though she died in the rubble?" Express.co.uk has contacted Capital for comment.