Viewers couldn’t help shedding a tear for Wess Schulze when he shared his heartbreaking story in this week’s instalment of My 600lb Life. Having struggled with abuse and his sexuality for much of his life, Wess turned to food for comfort but has since become one of the TLC show’s biggest success stories. Wess now looks totally different after losing an incredible 220 lbs since his time on the reality series. A strict health regime from My 600lb Life’s Younan Nowzaradan, aka Dr Now, has helped him lose a lot of weight and gain more confidence. He has continued to share his progress on Instagram and Facebook, and looks completely different compared to his time on the show. In a recent post, Wess revealed he had dropped five jean sizes since his time on the show and has continued to lose weight over the past six months. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' “OMG I AM FREAKING OUT!” he exclaimed at the start of February. “I just tried on a pair of jeans… 11 inches or roughly five sizes smaller than I used to wear! And they are about one size too big!” Last week, the reality star also shared he had completed his first-ever one-hour workout. “I’m tired… BUT I DID IT! 220 lbs down!” he exclaimed. Wess has plenty of friends and followers who have congratulated him on his continued success. However, his weight loss journey hasn’t been easy, and he shared more insight into his difficult upbringing during his My 600lb Life appearance. In the episode, Wess revealed his parents had divorced when he was a toddler. As his father had to work most of the time, his older sister was left to take care of him. DON'T MISS:Chicago Fire’s Carver upsets fans with Kidd and Severide split fears [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans ‘work out’ Medusa’s identity [THEORY]Tough Love Atlanta star teases ‘redemption’ in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE] He also revealed someone in his family was “very sexually abusive”, which made him turn to food as a form of comfort. His relationship with his dad also became strained when Wess came out as gay. Thankfully, his father wanted to support his weight loss journey, and Wess is optimistic they can work on their bond. “It's continually evolving,” he told Distractify. “Today was better than yesterday and tomorrow will be better than today.” Wess has since remained active on social media and looks much healthier compared to his appearance on My 600lb Life. Although tributes have poured in for the reality star, he admitted “letting the world see that vulnerability was a challenge”. Thankfully, his success with Dr Now’s programme is undeniable, and fans will already be looking forward to dropping in with Wess again in a future episode. He also quipped he’s “single and ready to mingle” and is looking for someone who can “handle this level of craziness”. My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.