Many hard-up Britons will be looking forward to spring and the warmer weather it may bring after energy bills soared to more than double what they were this time last year, but there is more government support on its way this month to help with the cost of living. Financial support due in February includes the Warm Home Discount, Cold Weather Payment and the energy discount which is being paid to all households - here's the full list of what to expect. The cost of living crisis and high inflation has made it a difficult year for Britain's finances but there is a glimmer of hope as more help is on its way this month. All households will receive a £400 energy bill discount no matter what their income and should have already received instalments in October, November, December and January. There will be another £67 payout in February and a final instalment in March and for those who pay by direct debit it's usually automatically discounted from their energy bill. Customers on pre-pay meters will be sent discount vouchers by text, email or post that they will need to redeem themselves. READ MORE: Save £444 a month with new 50/30/20 budgeting method The Cold Weather Payment scheme run until the end of March 2023, giving £25 to people on low incomes for every seven-day period of below-zero temperatures. This is paid to anyone in receipt of DWP qualifying benefits such as: DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING]   The Warm Home Discount of £150 should also be paid to those eligible before March 31, which is usually discounted from their energy bills by their supplier. The money will be paid to help who are considered to have high energy costs who are also receiving Pension Credit, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income Support, Universal Credit, Housing Benefit or Child Tax Credits and Working Tax Credits. However, the criteria has changed so that people who have received it in previous years, won't automatically receive it this year and it will depend on their property's energy rating. Meanwhile, millions of households on low incomes will receive further cost of living support worth up to £1,350 from the spring.  Some eight million Britons will receive £900 in cost of living payments in 2023 which will be paid in three instalments throughout the year. Disabled people and pensioners will receive separate support to this which could add up to £1,350 if someone is eligible for all payments. The first payments can be expected in Spring 2023 and will be worth £301. The exact date in Spring still hasn't been confirmed but the DWP has given an idea of the 2023 timeline.  The DWP has confirmed the timeline for the next cost of living support payments: