In what has already been described as "a crowded field of mediocrity" in the race to replace Nicola Sturgeon, Humza Yousaf, the current Scottish Health Secretary, appears to be the consensus choice of the SNP's political opponents as their preferred candidate to emerge victorious. This is despite his main rival Finance Secretary Kate Forbes being accused of "setting fire" to her leadership bid by stating she would have voted against gay marriage. Yousaf is perhaps best known as "the Fall Guy" from 2021 when a video (above) of him hilariously (for everyone except himself) falling off a scooter in the Scottish Parliament went viral. The Scottish minister and key Sturgeon ally at the time complained to the BBC for releasing the footage of his embarrassing moment but somehow it represented an accident prone political career. A high flier from his election to Holyrood in 2011, Yousaf became a junior minister just a year later in 2012. But his first major hiccup came in 2016 when as Scotland's transport minister he was fined by the police for driving his car without insurance. At the time, he blamed the mistake on his marriage breaking up adding that it was a "genuine mistake in difficult personal times". Then he managed to alienate the vast majority of the Scottish population in 2020 when as Justice Secretary he made a speech saying that Scotland is "too white." But it is his record as Health Secretary since 2021 which Scottish Labour in particular will focus on if, as increasingly expected, he becomes the new SNP leader and Scottish First Minister. READ MORE: SNP leadership race kicks off as two major candidates announce bid A senior Scottish Labour source said: "It's not really close for us, Humza [Yousaf] is easily the best candidate for our prospects. "Just look at his record as Health Secretary. It's abysmal. "Scotland under his and Sturgeon's watch has two-year NHS waiting lists, falling life expectancy and the worst drugs deaths in Europe. and that's just for starters. "He can't escape his record or the SNP's record and to a certain extent whoever becomes leader will be picking up a legacy of policy failures over a long period of time. "Then you have the business about the car insurance and so on." Another Scottish Labour figure added: "Everything Humza touches turns to s***!" And there are worries among senior SNP members too. One, who is backing his main rival Kate Forbes, noted: "If Humza is elected we will genuinely be facing a wipeout at the next election. It's as simple as that. "He would be a disaster for us." What do you think Nicola Sturgeon's resignation means for Scottish independence? Join the debate in the comments section below  A Scottish Lib Dem MP was also clear that there is an opportunity opening up for pro-UK parties. "This whole leadership election could put the Scottish independence issue to bed for 20 years or more." But what about Yousaf's rivals? Former Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davdson last night Tweeted to suggest Kate Forbes had "set fire" t her leadership hopes by admitting she would have voted against gay marriage. A member of the Wee Free church and known for her social conservatism, Ms Forbes is already understood to have had a pact with Ms Sturgeon for the gender recognition reform bill to be pushed through while she was on maternity leave so she did not have to resign from the government. DON'T MISS Sunak's Belfast 'plan' has left loyal Brexiteers with more questions [INSIGHT] Warning to Sunak - even Remainers won't back Northern Ireland sellout [REVEAL] POLL: Should the West sanction China if it supplies weapons to Putin? [REACT] Scottish Labour who hope that Anas Sarwar can be the next First Minister see an opportunity with Forbes as leader too but not as great as Yousaf. One Scottish Labour person said: "People forget that the SNP membership is quite old and quite small c conservative. A lot of them will like Kate Forbes. "The wider impact may be different but Scottish voters can be small c conservative too. "The one thing that is true is that the Scottish Greens would walk away from the coalition with her as First Minister."  While on economics Forbes is seen as the "moderate" and "sensible" candidate compared to the "outright socialism" of Yousaf, the Scottish Conservatives are licking their lips on the prospect of facing a woman who as Finance Secretary increased taxes to above English levels. But an SNP supporter of Ms Forbes told Express.co.uk: "She will provide a clean break with the Sturgeon era. She will allow us to move on and make a new offer to Scotland. "People are already having a go about her being a Christian but that will not necessarily harm her in Scotland." The senior SNP figure added: "If the Greens walk away because Kate is leader then actually that would be a good thing. They can take their nutty policies with them including the gender recognition reform. "People said that when the Tories and Lib Dems were together it was bad for the Lib Dems in the coalition government but for us and the Greens it has been the other way round. The greens has been wagging us." While Angus Robertson, the former Westminster leader, has ruled himself out of the contest for now the only other candidate is a relatively unknown former Community Safet Minister Ash Regan. Another opponent of the trans legislation, Ms Regan actually resigned from Sturgeon's government over the gender bill and could be a compromise candidate. But one Scottish Labour figure said: "Nobody knows who she is, not even in Edinburgh where she has her seat. She's done nothing except resign." Ms Sturgeon has so far declined to back a successor although many believe she would prefer Mr Yousaf, whoever wins though there appears to be a recognition that Scotland is up for grabs politically again.