Hotel Portofino is making its way to ITV after it was released last week in full on streaming service Britbox. Set in the 1920s, the drama sees Bella Ainsworth (played by Natascha McElhone) travel to Italy to open her own riverside hotel. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching Hotel Portofino. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Hotel Portofino. Hotel Portofino was originally released on Britbox on Friday, January 27, and will now be making its way to ITV. Season one of Hotel Portofino consists of six episodes in total with each instalment an hour long. The period drama will begin on ITV on Friday, February 3, at 9pm with a new episode being released in the same time slot every week. As long as there are no delays, the final episode of series one will air on Friday, March 10. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss If you're eager to watch the entire box set sooner rather than later, then there are a couple of options. Britbox was initially the home of Hotel Portofino so if you become a subscriber for £5.99 per month, you can get access to the show as well as a plethora of other shows. Alternatively, there is ITX Premium which is ITV's ad-free subscription service which has exclusive access to Britbox boxsets. Subscribers can either pay £5.99 per month or opt in for the annual membership fee of £59.99 per month. Hotel Portofino is set in the roaring 20s in Italy where the Ainsworth family is hoping for some peace and quiet post the First World War. However, the threat of Benito Mussolini's brand of fascism is already on the rise with a threat of the Second World War. Bella Ainsworth (Natascha McElhone) is the daughter of a wealthy industrialist who opens the luxurious Italian riviera hotel aimed at rich Brits. The business has only been open for a few weeks and some of the guests are causing problems from the outset. DON'T MISS...Radio 2's Zoe Ball replaced by Vernon Kay after issuing urgent health  [HEALTH]Love Island sickness tears through the villa [SPOILER]Happy Valley spoiler clip teases Ryan Cawood kidnap plot [THEORY] But not all guests are welcome at Hotel Portofino with a corrupt local politician targeting Bella. Talking about her character, actress McElhone shared: "Quite often when we make period drama, we have unrealistic expectations for our characters. "They’re all visionaries, revolutionaries and iconoclasts, when of course the vast majority of people weren’t like that. "It’s important to tell stories about people who were a product of their environment and couldn’t see outside of the confines of that, so that the ones with transgressive traits will look transgressive in the context of the story." Viewers will be delighted to know that the future is looking bright for the drama, ahead of its ITV release. Hotel Portofino has been given the green light for a season two with filming kicking off in July 2022. So hopefully the wait won't be too long for these new episodes to come out. Hotel Portofino premieres on Friday, February 3, at 9pm on ITV.