Vanessa Feltz was devastated when she learned that her partner, former Phats and Small singer Ben Ofoedu had cheated - and, after he confessed all, she made him "homeless". Now she is feeding her broken heart at a Queen of Hearts themed afternoon tea in Ireland. The 60-year-old put on a brave face after confirming just days earlier that her 16-year relationship with Ben had come to an end. Her former beau, who is ten years her junior, had told the world that he had cheated with someone he had no feelings for, and that their sex sessions had felt like a "chore" - but devastated Vanessa wasted no time in sending him packing. Today, she looked as though she'd put the worst of her trauma behind her as she uploaded a cheery Instagram Story from the Imperial Hotel in Cork. "As you can see, I'm about to get stuck in this fantastic tea with my family," she beamed. READ NOW: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits She wished her 317,000 avid followers a happy Valentine's Day as she prepared to tuck into a tiered stand packed full of tasty cakes and treats. After walking through a lobby with high vaulted ceilings studded with sparkling crystal chandeliers, she sat down to eat at the special Alice in Wonderland themed tea, centred around the Queen of Hearts. Despite admitting that she felt "hurt" and "humiliated" after saying farewell to her love-cheat husband-to-be, she was able to raise a smile as she surveyed her plate of scones. The Valentine's Day offer runs until March 8, and offers guests like Vanessa afternoon tea in a "regal fashion", followed by relaxing treatments in the hotel's Escape Spa. There is even a specially created Queen of Hearts design chocolate bar delivered to the rooms in a continuation of the theme. Present with her were her loyal children and grandchildren, who have also been blindsided by the split as they'd loved Ben like a blood relative. Daughter Allegra, who was present at the afternoon tea, admitted she was "deeply hurt" by the break-up, explaining that the pair were together "longer even than my own parents’ marriage". She told the Sun that her two children had been "wailing" and "tearful", unable to comprehend the loss. "[Ben] was there when they were born and he has been there at every birthday, and now they feel like they have lost him and they have. He has disappeared," she lamented. Meanwhile, on an episode of This Morning last week, Vanessa addressed her own devastation in a conversation with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. Declaring herself "terribly humiliated", she explained: "I’m feeling like anyone else would after a 16-year relationship that I had my heart and soul in." Meanwhile, Ben has not been silent about the split, telling the Sunday Mirror that he was contrite. He claimed to have had sex three times with a woman around Vanessa's age, and to have continued the secret affair to "keep her sweet" amid fear that she would spill the beans. Ultimately, she did so anyway, apparently approaching Allegra on social media to drop the bombshell. Describing Vanessa as the love of his life, he claimed his last ever words to her were: "Please find it in your heart to forgive me." He says he has now found himself "homeless" owing to the split - but Vanessa is trying her best to move past the pain. Yesterday the This Morning star told her followers she was glad to be back in her "beloved" East Cork as she strode down the beach, wrapped up in a warm furry coat - and today's Valentine's Day with family may also help her to "heal".