Barcelona were slammed by the Spanish press after being knocked out of the Europa League by Manchester United. The La Liga leaders are now out of European competition for the season after a disappointing defeat at Old Trafford. The Spanish media did not hold back in their strong criticism of Xavi’s side. Barca let leads slip in both legs, eventually drawing 2-2 at Camp Nou before being beaten 2-1 in Manchester. Barca’s full exit from Europe could have significant financial implications for the club, with Los Blaugrana initially expected to go far in either the Champions League or the Europa League. The media have labelled Barca’s result as a “nightmare” and a “disaster” and slammed their performance as a “disappointment”. Referencing Barca’s last Champions League win in 2015, Spanish website Sport raged: “Disaster after disaster since the Berlin final.” JUST IN: Man Utd may give Sancho a new role for Newcastle as Rashford injured “Europe continues to be a nightmare for Barcelona,” it continued. “Barca have already had eight years of disappointments since they lifted the ‘Orejona’ in 2015.” Newspaper Diario AS went with the headline: “Failure.” Sport’s print edition went with its front page: “What a disappointment.” Meanwhile, Mundo Deportivo condemned Barca’s display as a “Nightmare in Europe.” Barca boss Xavi praised United’s performance at Old Trafford. The Red Devils came from behind after Robert Lewnadowski’s penalty, scoring through Brazilian pair Fred and Antony. "United were very intense in that second half," the Catalan said. "They are in very good form at the moment and are very good at home. It is those fine details that made all the difference." DON'T MISS...Man Utd takeover LIVE - Bellingham hope, £245bn firm enters, Qatar bidMan Utd fans brutally mock De Jong after epic Barcelona win 'Justice'Man Utd boss Ten Hag has discovered his best attack after Barca win Asked when Barca will finally taste success in Europe again, he responded: "Hopefully next season. Last year we weren't able to compete in Europe. This year we have competed against Bayern and Inter and we have competed against Manchester United. We need to get better. But we have done well and we will come back even stronger next season." Lewandowksi, who converted the controversially-awarded penalty in the first half, said: "In the first half, we had almost everything under control. But the second half, for 10, maybe 15 minutes when Manchester [United] pushed us and scored two goals, it wasn't the best time for us. "Of course we fought until the end to change the result but it was not enough. Maybe if we had tried to score another goal, took more risks and tried to create another situation, it'd also have been more tough for the opponent to have gone forward."