Former Manchester United midfielder Andreas Pereira has debunked Jose Mourinho's reputation for limiting youth players' chances throughout his career. Now thriving at Fulham, the Brazil international has hailed Mourinho's impact after giving him a chance as a youngster at Old Trafford. After making 13 appearances under Louis van Gaal, Pereira spent the first two seasons of Mourinho's reign on loan at Granada and Valencia. But he started the first game of the Portuguese coach's third and final season against Leicester in 2018, featuring five more times before his sacking. And he has poured cold water over claims that Mourinho doesn't give his younger stars a chance, insisting he played a significant role in his development. He told The Guardian: "Even if it looks from the outside that he doesn't give opportunities to young players, I don't agree with it. "I got in the national team mainly because of him. He made me play deeper and helped me see the game from another perspective. JUST IN: Chelsea star Christian Pulisic provides injury update  "My first thought was: 'Whoa, I cannot defend. I have to learn.' But he showed me some stuff I had to do better. It's José Mourinho. You want to learn off the best." Pereira's role increased further under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, featuring 56 times across the 2018/19 and 2019/20 seasons. But Bruno Fernandes' arrival, and then football pausing due to Covid-19, was ultimately the beginning of the end of his United career. "It's always difficult when a manager leaves because you're creating a bond, and he knows you're there. Another manager comes in, and everything starts from zero again," Pereira explained. DON'T MISS Legendary BBC commentator Motson dies as football world in mourningPSG bosses 'annoyed' at Messi, Neymar and Mbappe as plan emergesNine in ten workplace managers take leadership style - from football "Ole was great. He played me more in offensive roles. The season after, I played a lot. Then Covid came. Every time I was building something with United, something got in the way." Pereira has impressed at Fulham this term, helping Marco Silva guide the Londoners clear of their widely-predicted relegation battle. The Cottagers are sixth after 24 games, just four points behind Tottenham Hotspur in the final Champions League spot. Meanwhile, Mourinho is in charge of AS Roma and led the Italian giants to their first trophy in 14 years by winning last season's inaugural Europa Conference League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here