Tyson Fury could end up boxing Deontay Wilder for a fourth time if he is unable to close a deal with Oleksandr Usyk in the coming days. The old rivals have reportedly been in ‘secret talks’ for weeks. That is according to a report from World Boxing News, who claim that Wilder is being looked at as an option for April 29 at Wembley Stadium. The date and venue have been reserved by Fury’s team for the undisputed fight with Usyk after a deal couldn’t be reached with Saudi Arabia. However, with time running out, both parties have been given a one-week deadline to complete the final paperwork. If an agreement can’t be reached with Usyk then Fury will face a different opponent on the same date. And it appears the most likely option is Wilder. The Bronze Bomber had been ordered to face Andy Ruiz Jr in a WBC final eliminator bout for a shot at Fury’s green belt but according to boxing insider Mike Coppinger, Wilder is not happy with the financial side of the deal and is ‘fielding offers’ for an alternative fight. A crossover clash with Francis Ngannou is among those offers and Saudi boxing chief Amer Abdallah recently confirmed to Express Sport that there have been talks about staging it in the Kingdom: “I’d love to do something with Deontay [Wilder] whether it’s Deontay vs Andy Ruiz or Deontay vs [Francis] Ngannou, which there’s talks about.” Wilder is also open to a fourth fight with Fury and has always expressed a keenness to run it back after consecutive stoppage losses to the Brit."I think that there's definitely a chance of a fourth fight again," Wilder told Sky Sports. "Boxing is a business. Many people call it a sport but it's not a sport. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua lifts lid on what Usyk told him that set off infamous meltdown Wilder 'fielding offers' for Ngannou fight after Ruiz Jr development Paul sends final sinister warning to Fury before Saudi showdown "The heavyweight division is very small. I'm still a big fish in the business, especially here in America. As long as we're all in the same division and all still currently fighting, why not? It only can lead to that. With all that being said, it's definitely a possibility." Equally, Fury is happy to do it all over again. “Deontay Wilder is now fighting Andy Ruiz Junior for a final eliminator to fight me,” said Fury during an interview with BT Sport. “Now [a fourth fight] would be amazing here at Wembley again, wouldn’t it? I’ve been over there [to America] three times now. If he wants the fourth fight he’s got to come here.”