Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly readying an offer for Pep Guardiola in hope that he will leave Manchester City so that they can 'poach him'. The Sky Blues have been charged by the Premier League with over 100 breaches of financial regulations following a four-year investigation. The charges have been passed on to an independent commission to be looked into further. The announcement came as a surprise to City, who made their own statement revealing that they welcomed another investigation as they would like to put the matter to bed. However, with so many potential charges, speculation is growing that the Etihad Stadium outfit could be found guilty of some breaches – despite their internal confidence. Such serious allegations have caught the eye of numerous clubs, with L’Equipe reporting that PSG are monitoring the situation closely in hope of appointing Guardiola as their own manager. They have a long-standing interest in the Spaniard and had hopes of prising him away from the Premier League after Mauricio Pochettino was sacked last year. The Ligue 1 outfit are preparing an offer for Guardiola, hopeful that he is a man of his word and leaves City if they are found guilty of financial rule-breaking. Guardiola has insisted previously that he would quit if the club were ever found guilty of breaching the rules, amid former allegations. Speaking last year, Guardiola said: “I said to them: ‘If you lie to me, the day after I am not here. I will be out and I will not be your friend any more. I put my faith in you because I believe you 100 percent from day one and I defend the club because of that.’” It remains to be seen how Guardiola reacts to the allegations from the Premier League, with reports claiming that the ex-Barcelona boss could leave the club over the summer. Former City captain Vincent Kompany and Arsenal’s Mikel Arteta have been cited as potential options to replace the Spaniard, though it remains to be seen whether there will even be a vacancy in the dugout to fill. City did not shy away from hinting that they believe that they will be found ‘not guilty’ of the Premier League’s charges in their statement, and that confidence could prove decisive for Guardiola. It read: “Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. “The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all.”