For the official engagement, Queen Maxima wore her Natan reversible wool and cashmere coat in camel. She has been photographed donning the cape-style jacket on many occasions proving she is a fan of the hue, just like Meghan Markle. The Duchess of Sussex has a collection of camel coats and in fact, they were the perfect touch to some of her most iconic looks. Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, who channelled Meghan on this occasion, combined the jacket with a midi dress with a belt from Natan, also in camel. She added a chic handbag from Sophie Habsburg and matching Gianvito Rossi leather knee boots which definitely elevated her monochrome look. The unique pair of boots, which perfectly complemented Maxima's all-camel ensemble, are the Laura 85 from the fashion brand and cost £1,195. READ MORE: Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others  On social media, royal watcher @cattym63 commented that Maxima looked "beautiful" in camel. "Wonderful dress and I love the boots," she added. Instagram user @mangels5608 said: "She is beautiful and very elegant. So loving with the children, I love her." "She always looks great!" commented @schneider.mirta and royal fan @mgmartinez014 agreed: "Super elegant and friendly". Royal watcher @cordeliaogbonnaya said: "Keep it up queen Maxima, you look stunning!" Others opined she looked "gorgeous" and so "sophisticated" in the all-camel look. "What a lovely, harmonious outfit," commented @timanttinenduo. Although the Queen of the Netherlands has been seen wearing camel jackets before, Meghan Markle's collection is impressive. Fashion and royal expert Miranda Holder explained that Meghan loves wearing "more tonal, shades of camel, copper and chocolate". The stylist revealed that this is a fashion trick to "look expensive". "The whole look feels sophisticated, polished and expensive," she explained. READ MORE: Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking Miranda continued: "The camel coat is a favourite wardrobe hero of Meghan’s and she is often spotted wearing one over everything from a formal gown to sportswear, pulling any outfit together and adding elegance." The Duchess of Sussex owns a £3,000 camel coat from MaxMara that she recently wore at the Invictus Games with Prince Harry. Meghan also owns the Smythe Brando camel coat she wore for a few engagements in 2018, which used to retail for £605, and the Wilfred Cocoon coat in camel.  She sported the £250 jacket for a private visit to the Association of Commonwealth Universities in 2018. Meghan Markle donned a very similar look in 2020 when she and Prince Harry visited Canada House in London. But as early as 2017, for her first Christmas with the Royal Family at Sandringham, she chose a £1,000 wide collar camel wrap coat from Sentaler.   Miranda added that the monochrome style is also a style trick the late Queen Elizabeth adopted fairly early on in her reign, which "helped to cement her personal brand". "It is still very much the image we all have in our mind's eye today," and suggested that Meghan could have been emulating the late Queen for the official engagements. 