Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William famously enjoy a private family skiing holiday, however David Walliams has admitted he was left disappointed not to see them at a celebrity favourite resort in France. The children's author and TV star was holidaying at Courchevel in the French Alps when he was informed he was staying there with another very famous guest. Mr Walliams spoke to Hello! magazine last year about his holiday, saying: "We happened to be at the same ski resort and it was only because someone came up to me and said: 'You're the second celebrity I've seen today,' and I was like, 'ok well who's the first?' and he said Prince William, so I knew we'd been at the same place. I was kind of hoping to bump into them. "With the helmets, they're probably not very recognised so they can just enjoy themselves. It's like famous people with Covid masks." It is not known exactly which resort the Wales family were holidaying at, although it could be Les Trois Vallées where they took Prince George and Princess Charlotte in 2016. Mr Walliams told them about their near miss encounter when he sat behind them at Wimbledon last year. The resort is very popular with celebrities, with Geri Horner, Roman Abramovich, George Clooney, the Beckhams and Lionel Richie all having holidayed there. Gordon Ramsay, his wife Tania and their children like to stay at Courchevel when they go skiing, with their log cabin reportedly costing £150,000 per week, according to the MailOnline. Kate and William have had a fairly empty week to coincide with their children's half-term, with many speculating about where they may have gone on holiday. Kate's sister Pippa Middleton was photographed earlier this week on the Caribbean island of St Barts, leading some to question if the Waleses are with them. READ MORE: Amelia Windsor turns heads in pink during London Fashion Week However, this seems unlikely given that William paid a surprise informal visit to Ipswich to meet with medical and ambulance workers. He even made an appearance on a FaceTime call with a group of students from Colchester Sixth Form. This Sunday February 19 Kate and William are scheduled to appear at the EE BAFTA Film Awards ceremony at the Royal Festival Hall. This the first time they have been able to attend the BAFTAs together since 2020. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't recover' from South Park episode [LATEST]King launches new Coronation tipple ahead of historic event [REVEAL]Diana's letters detailing ‘nightmare divorce’ sell for £161,000 [REPORT] The couple were unable to appear last year due to a diary clash, however William recorded a special video message. He has been President of BAFTA since 2010, with Kate attending the awards for the first time in 2017. Kate and William will watch the ceremony before meeting category winners and the EE Rising Star Award nominees. The BAFTAs will be broadcast on BBC One this Sunday from 7pm.