Arsenal star Gabriel Martinelli channelled his inner Ross Barkley on Saturday as he celebrated early before scoring his side’s final goal against Aston Villa. The Gunners returned to the top of the Premier League table after twice coming from behind to see off the Villans 4-2. Arsenal endured a miserable first half in the west Midlands as Ollie Watkins and Philippe Coutinho both notched for the hosts either side of a Bukayo Saka strike. Oleksandr Zinchenko then scored his first goal for the Gunners to level the match at 2-2 just after the hour mark. And as both sides pushed forward for a late winner, the visitors finally took the lead in the 93rd minute as Jorginho’s thumping strike from the edge of the area crashed against the crossbar and cannoned off Villa goalkeeper Emi Martinez into the back of the net. Martinez then attempted to make amends for his unfortunate own goal as he bolted upfield for a late corner. But Arsenal cleared the set piece and raced forward, with Martinelli being played through by Fabio Vieira towards an empty goal. And as the Brazil international was bearing down on goal, he stretched both of his arms out to celebrate before he had even finished off the move. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table   Martinelli’s actions were redolent of ex-England international Barkley, who is currently plying his trade with Nice in France. During the midfielder’s time with Everton, he scored a 94th minute goal during a Premier League clash with Bournemouth in 2017 to help the Toffees secure a 6-3 victory. The 29-year-old rounded Cherries goalkeeper Artur Boruc as he went through on goal. And he, too, raised his arms to celebrate before he had put the ball in the back of the net. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   “That just showed how much I’m enjoying it at the minute, and that’s the same with all of the lads as well,” Barkley told Everton's official website as he spoke about his premature celebration. “The goal was in the last minute - and it’s something you do as a kid. I was through and knew I wasn’t missing, so I celebrated before I scored. It was just on the spur of the moment - I thought about doing it straight away.” Arsenal’s victory against Villa saw them leapfrog Manchester City at the top of the table ahead of the Citizens’ trip to Nottingham Forest at 3pm. The Gunners lost 3-1 to City in an epic showdown on Wednesday night but illustrated their resilience at Villa Park to show they have no intention of dropping out of the Premier League title race any time soon. 