The luxury car, a 1968 Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow Drophead Coupe, is being offered for sale at auction at the Imperial War Museum in Duxford on March 15. Having been treated to an extensive restoration by the current owner, Sir Michael Caine CBE’s former car is now refinished in its original colour of black. It is one of just 506 Silver Shadow Two-Door Drophead Coupes that were hand built by Rolls-Royce’s in-house coachbuilder Mulliner Park Ward between 1967 and 1971. The car is estimated at between £100,000 and £150,000 in the auction, which is being hosted by H&H Classics. Tens of thousands of pounds have been spent by the vendor to restore the 1968 Silver Shadow Drophead Coupe to its original glory. In 1968, Caine wandered into the renowned Jack Barclay showroom on Berkeley Square, with a handwritten shopping list which read, “milk, bread, newspaper, cigarettes, Rolls-Royce”. READ MORE: New ULEZ expansion tax will 'burden' drivers later this year Unkempt and unshaven, Caine was ushered off the premises, so he journeyed to Mayfair’s other Rolls-Royce dealership, H.A. Fox on Dover Street. This is where he found the Silver Shadow which had been taken into stock after the playwright and screenwriter, Terence Rattigan, cancelled his order for it. He bought the car without having his own driving licence, with the actor finding it was cheaper to employ a chauffeur than pay the premium his insurers quoted should he decide to go down the “L-plate” route. According to H&H Classics, the 35-year-old actor subsequently took great pleasure in being driven past the offending Jack Barclay salesman in his new car and flicking him a V-sign. DON'T MISSDrivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [IMPORTANT]Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [INSIGHT]EV companies call out other manufacturers for lack of climate action [SHOCKING] The car features extensively in the 1969 documentary "Candid Caine" and boasts a fascinating history including a 43-year ownership. Damian Jones, Senior Motorcar Specialist, H&H Classics, said: “Appearing in more than 160 films across seven decades, Sir Michael Caine is a true British icon, so it’s a pleasure to be able to offer his very first car for sale, which in itself is another great British classic. “From its original purchase by Sir Michael, and its subsequent 43-year ownership by infamous Gasworks restauranteur, Jack Leach, the car’s history is truly captivating and one which I’m sure will delight and fascinate the new owner.” Less than two years after Sir Michael Caine bought the classic, the Silver Shadow was acquired by John Leonard Ernest Leach (Jack Leach), owner of the Gasworks restaurant in Fulham, which became a notorious hotspot for the rich and famous. READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030 A familiar sight on the Fulham and Kings roads for decades afterwards, Leach continued to own the car for the next 43-years until his death in 2013. Mr Jones added: “Personifying cool since the swinging sixties, Caine and the Silver Shadow remain instantly recognisable and widely admired. “So, to combine both of these in one fantastic motor car is incredibly rare indeed and we expect significant interest from fans around the world.” It is believed that Caine passed his driving test in 1983 at the age of 50, before hanging his driving gloves up after his 70th birthday. The Italian Job actor said he had to learn how to drive when living in Los Angeles, describing the test as “weird” in an interview in 2013. He added: “Before I took the test, the man said the guy who would be doing the test was sitting outside in the car and that I would only speak to him to say good morning. “I got in the car and the guy looked at me and went, 'I loved you in The Man Who Would Be King. You're going to have to be s*** to not pass this test’.” The classic, collector and performance car auction takes place at the Imperial War Museum, Duxford on March 15, with viewing available on Tuesday, March 14. Bidding can be done in person, online or via telephone. For further information about the sale or the car, visit H&H Classics website.