While living costs remain high, easy access savings accounts are proving to be a more popular option for Britons who need the increased flexibility to dip into savings easily and without a fee. But with consecutive Bank of England Base Rate hikes, interest rates have been fluctuating almost weekly, making it key for people to keep watch of the market to ensure they’re investing in the best rates. Easy access accounts are typically more flexible, as these allow savers to make payments and withdrawals with minimal restrictions and with small opening deposit requirements. But, while there are no accounts currently offering an interest rate that beats the UK’s staggering 10.5 percent inflation rate, some are offering particularly competitive rates. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. Yorkshire Building Society’s Rainy Day Account (Issue 2) currently remains in the top spot offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent.  READ MORE: NatWest ups overpayment rates on mortgages - could save thousands  This account offers a competitive, two-tiered variable interest rate and savers can get started with as little as £1. The 3.35 percent rate is applied to balances up to £5,000, while a 2.85 percent rate is applied to balances over £5,000.01. Withdrawals are permitted on two days per year based on the anniversary of account opening, plus closure at any time. Placing second is Paragon Bank’s Triple Access Account (Issue 11) with an AER of 3.10 percent. The account can be opened with £1, interest is paid on the anniversary, and up to three withdrawals are permitted without facing a penalty. If four or more withdrawals take place, interest will drop to 0.75 percent until the day before the anniversary of the account holder’s opening deposit. In third place is Chip’s Instant Access Account offering savers an AER of 3.05 percent. The account can be opened online with just £1 and up to £250,000 can be invested. Instant withdrawals are permitted and interest can be paid away or compounded.  DON'T MISS: Pension warning as Britons could see income slashed by hundreds [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Woman shares 'great' method to earn an extra £1k a month in local pubs [EXPLAINED]    Placing fourth is Newcastle BS’ Triple Access Saver (Issue 4) offering an AER of 3.05 percent. The account can be opened with just £1, interest is applied on the anniversary of its opening, and up to three withdrawals are permitted per year. After the fourth withdrawal, the interest rate will drop to 1.75 percent. Sainsbury's Bank’s Defined Access Saver (Issue 39) places fifth after boosting the AER to 3.05 percent. The account can be opened with just £1 and interest is paid on the anniversary at a tiered rate depending on the balance. A 1.05 percent rate is applied to balances up to £999, while 3.05 percent is applied to figures between £1,000 and £500,000. A 0.9 percent rate is applied to any balance over this. However, if more than three withdrawals are made in 12 months, the interest rate will reduce to 0.8 percent until the 12-month period has ended.  READ MORE: O2 warning over call or text that will drain customer bank accounts  Placing sixth is Shawbrook Bank’s Easy Access Account (Issue 33), with an AER of 3.01 percent. A minimum deposit of £1,000 is required to open the account and up to £85,000 can be invested. Interest is calculated daily and paid on the anniversary of the first deposit either monthly or annually. However, interest will drop slightly to 2.88 percent for those who opt for monthly payments. There are no limitations on the number of withdrawals and these can be made without notice, however the minimum amount that can be withdrawn is £500. Chase Bank’s Saver Account places seventh with an AER of three percent. There is no minimum deposit to open the account and interest is calculated daily and awarded to accounts monthly. Unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. Chase bank accounts also offer a number of additional benefits, including a one percent cashback on everyday debit card spending for the first 12 months and five percent interest on round-ups. Customers can also enjoy zero fees on transactions abroad, as well as in-app card control to freeze spending as and when. In eighth place is Gatehouse Bank’s Easy Access Account, also with an AER of three percent. The account can be opened with £1 and up to £1million can be invested overall. The account operates under Shariah principles, which means that profit is gained instead of interest. Savers have access to their online account at all times and can easily withdraw all or part of their funds to any nominated account without facing a penalty.  Placing ninth is HSBC’s Online Bonus Saver with an AER of three percent, calculated daily and applied to the balance monthly. The three percent rate is awarded on up to £10,000 of the balance every month a withdrawal is not made, while 1.4 percent will apply to figures over £10,000. While this is an easy access account, meaning savings can be withdrawn, it isn’t flexible and on the occasion that a withdrawal is made, a 0.65 percent standard rate will be applied to that month instead. Finally, in tenth place is Monmouthshire Building Society’s Premium Instant Access account, also with an AER of three percent. This account requires a minimum of £25,000 to open and interest is calculated daily and applied to the balance annually on March 31. Free and unlimited withdrawals are permitted, however, if the account falls below the minimum balance of £25,000, a variable rate of 0.05 percent AER will be applied until the account returns to the minimum balance. 