Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has admitted he’s reluctant to rest Bruno Fernandes as the games continue to come thick and fast. The Red Devils are in action against Leicester on Thursday, just 72 hours after their dramatic 2-2 draw with Barcelona. And they’ll be hopeful for another positive result as they look to push Arsenal and Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. Fernandes has been a vital player for United this season, with the Portugal international often wearing the captain's armband at a time when Harry Maguire is struggling for game time. And Ten Hag, speaking ahead of his side’s crunch showdown with Leicester on Sunday, has admitted he’s reliant on the midfielder. “Bruno can cope with load standards that are really high and can take a lot of games,” said the 52-year-old. “He is a very fit player and so important for this team. “First as captain, he’s an example on the pitch with the energy he puts in, and for our tactical approach in both the transition moments. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “Bruno is so important for this team. He’s a great example for everyone in the squad. “I will think of rotating from a tactical approach - but sometimes from a load approach as well. “We will have a look at it - but once again the next game is the most important, so we will play what we see as the best team.” Ten Hag has worked wonders at United since being appointed as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent successor. His time at the club started badly, with the Red Devils losing to both Brighton and Brentford. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contract Man Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023 Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit However, ever since, United have been on an upwards trajectory. United are pushing City and Arsenal as they look to win the league title for the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. They’re in the final of the Carabao Cup, where they’ll face Newcastle, and remain in the FA Cup. And, should they overcome Barcelona on Thursday, they’ll be considered favourites to go all the way in the Europa League. Ten Hag knows nothing has been won yet, however. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Dutchman has challenged his United players to keep improving, urging them to focus on each game as they come. “The doubts are always there but the players have to take responsibility that they are ready no matter what the team,” he said. “We have to play the way we want to, but respect them (Leicester) because they are a good opponent. “I cannot look at what I thought the expectations would be so far. “What we always want is to be a better version of ourselves every day, every game and that’s what we are working for. “We don’t know or think of where we will finish. I only think about the next game and about improving our way of playing. “We don’t look so far ahead. We just want to be better versions of ourselves and then see where it takes us at the end of April.” United beat Leicester 1-0 at the King Power Stadium back in September, with Jadon Sancho netting the only goal of the game.