Death in Paradise fans were over the moon when the BBC announced the comedy-drama would be getting a spin-off. What made it even more exciting was the fact actor Kris Marshall would be reprising his role as DI Humphrey Goodman as well as his love interest Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton). This time around, they will be worlds away from Saint Marie, settling down in her fictional childhood town Shipton Abbott. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Beyond Paradise. Actor Kris Marshall, bar Death in Paradise, is known for his roles in Love Actually, My Family, The Merchant of Venice and Citizen Khan. He is reportedly 188cm tall, which is equivalent to 6ft 2in, a detail he has previously confirmed in interviews. While talking to Loaded.co.uk, Marshall said: "I am 6ft 2in with legs like a giraffe". He towers over his preceding detectives with Ben Miller at just over 5ft 8in and Ardal O'Hanlon at 5ft 9in tall. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Marshall's character Humphrey left Saint Marie to be with his true love Martha in London. She is portrayed by actress Sally Bretton who is best known for playing Lucy Adams in the BBC sitcom Not Going Out. Bretton is reportedly 5ft 4in tall, the same as 162.56 cm. Therefore, there is a 9in height difference between actors Marshall and Bretton. Beyond Paradise is worlds away from Guadeloupe where Death in Paradise is shot every year. Instead, the stars are swapping the sandy shores for the unpredictable weather, as the cast and crew spent three months filming around Cornwall, particularly the town of Looe, as well as the Devon coast. It isn't only the setting that differs from the original comedy-drama either. According to Marshall, there aren't any actual murders in any of the Beyond Paradise episodes. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILER]Here's what happened to Gordon Parry after the Brink's-Mat heist [EXPLAINER]Jodie Whittaker returns to screens in first role since Doctor Who exit [CAST] He explained to the Daily Mail: "I'm going to give you a spoiler: there are none. "We've got someone who may have been injured by a witch. We've got a kidnapping. We've got an art theft which is a real caper." Marshall added: "You still have the fun of trying to solve the puzzle, which is a huge part of both shows." The six-part series will kick off tonight, Friday, February 24, with a new instalment airing weekly until the finale on Friday, March 31. The description for the upcoming episode reads: "DI Humphrey Goodman and fiancée Martha Lloyd have left Saint Marie behind and having now also vacated London are temporarily living with Martha's mother. "As Martha sets out to pursue her dream of running her own restaurant, Humphrey joins the Devon police force and quickly makes an impression on its somewhat eclectic team. "As Humphrey throws himself into solving a perplexing case of attempted murder, he and Martha navigate life's ups and downs as faces from the past, the decisions they make and challenges of setting up a new life put their relationship to the test." Beyond Paradise season one premieres on Friday, February 24, at 8pm on BBC One.