Rising star Nyck de Vries says his move to the Red Bull-owned Scuderia AlphaTauri team "means a lot" as he gears up for his first full F1 season. The Dutchman competed in his debut Grand Prix during the 2022 campaign, replacing Alex Albon to represent Williams in Monza, He duly finished ninth, and earned the Driver of the Day award. His display drew praise from the likes of Lewis Hamilton and compatriot Max Verstappen. The former Mercedes reserve driver also stood in for Hamilton during first practice at the French Grand Prix, before it was confirmed he would be replacing the Alpine-bound Pierre Gasly at the end of 2022. At 28, the Dutchman has long been tipped for a full-time place on the grid. And driving with Scuderia AlphaTauri will inevitably see him touted as a future prospect at sister team Red Bull, a pathway followed by Verstappen himself. And de Vries, who claims he grew up admiring the Red Bull brand, has now outlined the significance of the move for him: "Now, to finally join the Red Bull family means a lot, he told the Scuderia AlphaTauri website. "It has very strong values in sport and is all about performance, winning and basically daring to be different and to try." JUST IN: AlphaTauri unveil 2023 F1 car with a new livery for Nyck de Vries and Yuki Tsunoda De Vries is well aware of the support he'll enjoy this season, given the huge Dutch following in F1. And he was also full of praise for the legacy being created by Verstappen, who romped to a second successive title last season by a mammoth 146 points: "Obviously, Max has done incredibly well in Formula 1," he added. "He’s dominating our sport at the moment and rightfully, the whole country is behind him and the Dutch are very excited about Formula 1. I’m starting my Formula 1 journey, and while Max will be continuing to fight for championships, I’ll try to make my mark in my way as well." DON'T MISS:Lando Norris has work to do as F1 fans back McLaren chief's Fernando Alonso commentsF1 pundit Johnny Herbert 'snubbed by Channel 4 and BBC' after Sky Sports axeF1 fans want FIA's Ben Sulayem axed as new rule that affects Lewis Hamilton criticised  De Vries will be partnered with the more experienced Yuki Tsunoda in 2023. He's been at Scuderia AlphaTauri for the previous two seasons, and was 17th in the standings last year on 12 points. But whilst the new man can be considered a rookie in F1 circles, he has plenty of racing experience on his CV. Amongst other titles, de Vries is a Formula 2 and Formula E champion.