An eagle-eye royal fan believes to have spotted the first-ever official portrait of King Charles and Queen Camilla. The Twitter account with the Latin nickname "Rex et Regina Britannie" (@rexregbrit) posted on the social media platform a detail from a snap taken while King Charles welcomed at Buckingham Palace Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. The grainy detail from the photo taken last Wednesday shows a portrait in a burgundy frame with golden detail. The photograph itself seemingly shows Charles and Camilla standing close to each other in the same outfits they wore for the state dinner held at the London palace to celebrate South African President Cyril Ramaphosa's visit. The Twitter user wrote: "I just noticed on the table behind His Majesty (during an Audience with the President of Ukraine) was an official portrait of The King and Queen! "Appears to have been taken during the State Banquet for the President of South Africa. Really hoping to see it in full form!" As noted by the royal watcher, signed portraits are often exchanged as gifts when head of states visit the British monarchs. Other fellow royal supporters chimed in to express their wish to see the portrait, if it really is the first official one of the royal couple, to be released by the Palace. Twitter user Benny Lonergan (@BernardLonergan) posted: "Well spotted. Hope to see it in full also." And Stefan (@RoyalTravel) commented: "They should release it as an official picture like they did from time to time with pictures of the late Queen and Duke of Edinburgh." READ MORE: Prince Andrew has 'no royal future' no matter what path he chooses On the occasion of the state dinner hosted for Mr Ramaphosa, Charles wore a black tailcoat with his medals and honours pinned on it. For her first-ever state banquet attended as Queen Consort, Camilla wowed in a royal blue lace evening dress by Bruce Oldfield. Her signature voluminous hairstyle was framed by a tiara, previously owned by the late Queen Elizabeth II, with sapphires and diamonds. Camilla also wore a necklace, earrings and bracelets matching the splendid tiara. Much like the King, Her Majesty donned her honours on her dress, including the blue sash symbolising her role as a member of the Order of the Garter and the yellow ribbon of the Royal Family Order of Elizabeth II. The King hosted for an audience Mr Zelensky last week, as the Ukrainian President carried out a surprise visit to Britain. During the day packed with events, Mr Zelensky also met Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, saw some of the Ukrainian pilots being trained in the UK to use NATO-standard fighter jets and addressed members of the Houses of Parliament. In his heartfelt plea, he thanked Britain for standing by Ukraine's side following Vladimir Putin's invasion of the country.