Fresh details on Michael Schumacher's health have been revealed by former team boss Eddie Jordan. The Irishman claimed Schumacher is “there but he’s not there” in the first update on the seven-time champion’s condition in months. Jordan was banned from visiting his former driver after reaching out to his wife Corinna last year. However, he revealed ex-Haas driver Mick Schumacher had since made contact. He told OLGB: “As far as I'm concerned, I was touched by it (Mick reaching out) and the reason I was touched by it was because it can't be easy knowing that your father is not able to be part of the family, he's there but he's not there. “I have my own view that I don't want to make public but my guess is that Mick showed elating compassion in the way he spoke about his father when the season was not going particularly well for him. He's been dropped for somebody else, and that's a tough decision, he has another fight to come back and to make his name, climb up that ladder again. READ MORE: Never before seen Michael Schumacher pictures shared on Netflix “I'm quite sure he will do it. Maybe it was the right thing that happened, but it touched me because I felt so much about Michael, I went out of my way to find him, give him his first chance in Spa, didn't last very long but that love for him still lasts and will always do so while I'm able to draw breaths.” Jordan handed Michael Schumacher his chance in F1 after the German made his debut for the team at the 1991 Belgian Grand Prix. Schumacher impressed from the off and Jordan had targets of signing him for the 1992 campaign. However, Schumacher eventually opted for Benetton where he would go on to win his first crown in 1994. Details about the F1 icon’s health remain sparse since his skiing accident back in 2013. DON'T MISSBernie Ecclestone claims Michael Schumacher is affecting son Mick [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher's brother discusses Hamilton and Verstappen battle [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso agrees with Hamilton over Michael Schumacher weapon [COMMENT] The ex-Ferrari driver was airlifted to Grenoble hospital for emergency treatment before returning home to continue his rehabilitation. But, he has not been spotted in public in a decade under his family’s strict privacy policy. Mick echoed Jordan’s remarks in Netflix’s ‘Schumacher’ documentary released last year. The former F2 champion revealed his dad was present “to a lesser extent” as he opened up on the pair’s relationship. He said: “I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. “I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent."