Ken Bruce is leaving BBC Radio 2 sooner than expected as the broadcaster revealed his last day is next week. He shared the news on Twitter today adding that he was due to leave his slot at the end of March. Vernon Kay will replace presenter Ken Bruce on his weekday mid-morning slot on Radio 2, the BBC has confirmed. Ken announced on air in January that he would be leaving the station after 31 years in the role. Taking to Twitter today, he penned: "I will be presenting my last show on Radio 2 next Friday. I had intended fulfilling my contract until the end of March but the BBC has decided it wants me to leave earlier. Let’s enjoy the week ahead!" A BBC spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Ken decided to leave Radio 2 and it’s always been known he’s leaving in March. Returning to Wogan House for a week after a month of broadcasting the Piano Room sessions at Maida Vale provided a natural break. We wish Ken all the best for the future.”  READ MORE: Louise Redknapp branded 'timeless beauty' in thigh-high leather boots Fans have flocked to comment on the post as many shared their disappointment. Twitter user, Mel G commented: "Gutted. It’s a massive loss for the BBC." Kate wrote: "Oh well, looks like I'll be leaving radio 2 next Friday also then!" Pauline tweeted: "Oh Ken you got me through lockdown working from my kitchen table. Your calm reassuring voice kept us all sane. Good luck for the future legend."  Trevor penned: "A great loss to the BBC you’re leaving Ken. You’re one of the greatest. Sadly typical of the BBC management that they want you to leave early. When will they learn?" Twinkle Toes commented: "Let's enjoy your last week here & then we'll join you on your first week elsewhere." DJ Key wrote: "As if we couldn’t hate @BBCRadio2 any more!!! 8 million people about to tune out when you finish. Go smash them on @greatesthitsuk!!" Jackie shared: "Gutted, you have been the reason why I’ve stayed as a @BBCRadio2 listener. You got me through working from home during and after the pandemic, I used to arrange my work around your show. I shall be following you on your onward journey." Mike added: "Real shame. Going to miss your show so much." The mid-morning show, famous for its daily Popmaster quiz, is Britain's most listened to radio programme and currently has more than 8.5 million weekly listeners, according to data from industry body Rajar. Ken will take the Popmaster format with him when he moves to the rival commercial station, Greatest Hits Radio. It has since been announced that Vernon will replace the veteran presenter. "Vernon is a lovely bloke and I wish him all the best," Bruce told BBC News, adding that he "wouldn't dare give anyone else tips about broadcasting". Vernon, who is known for presenting ITV's All Star Family Fortunes, said taking over the show was "a dream come true". "And what an honour to follow in the footsteps of the mighty Ken Bruce," he added in a statement on Friday. "I'm absolutely over the moon to be handed the microphone." The 48-year-old has previously had his own shows on Radio 1 and Radio X, and currently presents Radio 2's Dance Sounds of the 90s - with his "Back to Bolton Cheesy Bangers". Vernon, who is married to Strictly Come Dancing presenter Tess Daly, will start his new show in May. DJ Gary Davies will fill the gap between Ken's departure on March 3, and Vernon's first show.