Vladimir Putin's claim sanctions are not having an impact on the Russian economy has been torn apart with billions spent ahead of Moscow's failed war on Ukraine. Putin claimed in his state-of-the-nation speech on Tuesday that Western sanctions have not succeeded, adding the share of Russian rubles in international transactions had in fact doubled. But experts have taken apart the Russian leader's claims, warning the impacts will be felt in the long term. Michael Bradshaw, Professor of Global Energy at Warwick Business School, told Express.co.uk sanctions take time to work with Russia's economy having already paid a high price even before the invasion, which began a year ago on Friday (February 24). He said: "The Russian economy has already paid a high price, in terms of military modernisation, over the last few years. They spent a lot of money modernising the Russian military - money which could have been spent on schools and hospitals - and the despite this the Russian army has not performed very well. That must be particularly frustrating." Professor Bradshaw explained that measuring the impact of sanctions is "notoriously difficult" with a lot of revenue from oil and gas continuing to flow into Russia with high prices triggered by the invasion benefitting the country. He added the long-term impact of sanctions will become more apparent, but they can backfire on the countries imposing them, saying: "It's a truism sanctions can be a double-edged sword. They could backfire and hurt your own economy." A ban on Russian oil products came into force earlier this month, but Moscow has found other countries to sell to, chiefly India and China, albeit at a discounted price. At the outset of the war, sanctions on Russia sent fossil fuel prices soaring, contributing to surging inflation. But Professor Bradshaw said Europe's success in finding alternative sources will have an impact on Russia's revenues. However, John R. Bryson, Professor of Enterprise and Economic Geography at the University of Birmingham, said the West's sanctions have been far too incremental. He said: "[The West] should have gone for maximisation of sanctions and not gone incrementally. We should have made a clear statement that all sanctions would not be withdrawn until all Russian forces leave Ukraine, including Crimea." Professor Bryson described Putin as a 19th-century leader in his push to build an empire, but he said the Russian leader has ended up turning his country into an isolated state on a par with North Korea. READ ABOUT PUTIN'S 'CRAZED' SPEECH  He said while Russia should have the most advanced economy on par with Singapore, under Putin's leadership the country is becoming a pariah state with a shrinking economy. Professor Bryson called for a travel ban on all Russian citizens to be imposed, adding that targeting Putin's inner circle has had a limited impact on raising awareness in the country that not everything is as it was before the war. He acknowledged this would be difficult politically. He said: "I suspect [the West] has considered it, but are not doing it because it might be politically difficult. There isn't always 100 percent support against Russia. We have a very fragmented globe." But Professor Bradshaw said the idea of a popular uprising triggered by stronger sanctions targeting the Russian people even harder and leading to Putin's overthrow is "wishful thinking". He said: "That may be misunderstanding the political economy in Russia. This idea there is going to be a revolution on the streets that will overthrow Putin may be wishful thinking on the part of Western democrats. The idea sanctions will bring about regime change is wishful thinking. we've not seen evidence of that."  DON'T MISS: Russian pilot killed after jet crashes in Ukraine combat mission [REPORT] Diana and Charles pictured in rare unseen pictures with baby William [REVEALED] South Park parody 'damaging' to Harry and Meghan's 'vast egos' [LATEST]  According to US officials, Russia is now the world's most heavily sanctioned country. But after a year of war, it is clear the West's sanctions have not packed the punch many had hoped for. The ruble trades around the same 75-per-dollar rate seen in the weeks before the war, though Russia is using capital controls to prop up the currency. While Russia's economy shrank 2.2 percent in 2022, this was far short of predictions of the 15 percent or more which US President Joe Biden's administration had expected. This year, Russia's economy is projected to outperform Britain's, growing 0.3 percent while the UK faces a 0.6 percent contraction, according to the International Monetary Fund. McDonald's, Citibank and General Electric fled the country and some of the country's richest citizens are forbidden from traveling to the UK, US and Europe. But if Russians cannot get a latte at Starbucks or Big Mac at McDonald's, there are imitations waiting for them at knockoff alternatives. Professor Bryson said Putin was planning for sanctions as soon as Russia annexed Crimea in 2014, in part by putting in place a Russian version of Visa. But he added Russia's economy continues to be hampered by its reliance on fossil fuel production at a time when the future is in green technologies and sustainable energies. Professor Bradshaw said: "At the moment the macroeconomics are in favour of Russia, but that won't be the case forever." He added while China has close ties to Russia, it is wary of supporting the country to such an extent that it risks being sanctioned itself. But Professor Bradshaw warned more sanctions could become self-defeating by forcing countries to develop their own capabilities in sanctioned sectors. Over the long term, Moscow could develop the advanced technology it needs to promote Russia's economic growth despite Western attempts to curb access to the latest technical innovations. Marco Forgione, Director General of the Institute of Export & International Trade, said Russia's invasion has had a seismic impact on global trade. He said: "The events of the last 12 months have had a seismic impact on global trade, with British businesses doing everything they can to minimize disruption and comply with sanctions. "UK companies must be commended for how they have dealt with the ever changing trading conditions with which they have been faced." Mr Forgione called for clearer guidance to ensure businesses can comply with the sanctions. A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "The UK and our international partners have implemented the most severe package of sanctions ever imposed on a major economy, and since the invasion the UK has sanctioned over 1,200 individuals and 19 banks with global assets worth over £940 billion. "We will maintain our sanctions to damage Putin’s capacity to fund his war, cripple supply chains, and target those who prop up Putin and his regime." The Government maintains that sanctions are carefully targeted to increase pressure over time and across multiple "stress points", from influential individuals to trade supply lines. Britain agreed with the Government of Ukraine in the London Declaration of February 8, it will ensure Russia has no access to frozen assets until the war ends and Russia withdraws from Ukrainian territory.