Sir Keir Starmer has vowed to "fix" the Brexit deal in his flagship speech, despite not yet having read a single page of the agreement. A fresh agreement over Northern Ireland is currently being negotiated between the UK and the EU but Sir Keir is not involved in the negotiations. Giving a speech in Manchester, the Labour leader outlined the party's "five national missions" for Britain. He said the Labour party will "fix the Brexit deal" and "reset our relationship with the EU." Yesterday, the Prime Minister accused Sir Keir of giving the EU a "blank cheque". He said: "For [Sir Keir] to talk about a deal he hasn’t even seen, that we’re still negotiating, that isn’t finalised ... It’s his usual position when it comes to the European Union.  "It gives the EU a blank cheque and agrees to anything they offer. It’s not a strategy that’s surrender." Sir Keir opened his address by saying the UK can "learn something from Arsenal and from Man City." He explained: "All the way to the end of the season, the objective for both teams is to say, win the league. A goal can be achieved only by teamwork, excellence, a blend of skills, different people pulling together on and off the pitch." Sir Keir added: "Tactics may change, but the pursuit is single-minded. And the focus, the ambition, the mission - that never changes. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna turn up to parliament in a tracksuit, but I do believe Britain needs a clearer sense of purpose and that the way we run our country can be more like a brilliant sports team pursuing victory." He said the Labour party will "never accept that this country is destined for decline. That our best days belong to the past. Success is all around us - it just needs direction. People have huge ambitions for their community - they just need them matched." Hitting out at the Conservative Party, he said: "We lurch from crisis to crisis. Always reacting, always behind the curve. A sticking plaster, never a cure."  "Don't worry, I'm not gonna turn up to parliament in a tracksuit, but I do believe Britain needs a clearer sense of purpose and that the way we run our country can be more like a brilliant sports team pursuing victory." He said the Labour party will "never accept that this country is destined for decline. That our best days belong to the past. Success is all around us - it just needs direction. People have huge ambitions for their community - they just need them matched." Hitting out at the Conservative Party, he said: "We lurch from crisis to crisis. Always reacting, always behind the curve. A sticking plaster, never a cure." Sir Keir pledged accelerated economic growth under Labour in an attempt to rebrand the party as the "party of business". He vowed to "secure the highest sustained growth in the G7" if he is elected in 2024. Sir Keir's agenda will include "good jobs, productivity growth in every part of the country", vowing to generate "growth that makes everyone, not just a few, better off". Sir Keir said the NHS under the Conservative Party is lurching from "crisis to crisis", claiming it is "always reacting, always behind the curve". He pledged to "build an NHS fit for the future by reforming health and care services to speed up treatment, harness life sciences and technology, reduce preventable illnesses and cut health inequalities". Sir Keir hit out at Mr Sunak's management of the health service, saying: "This is life and death, yet the government has never found a long-term solution." The Labour party pledged to make Britain's streets safer if it comes to power, by reforming the police and criminal justice system. He said his party will "prevent crime early, tackle violence against women and girls and stop criminals getting away without punishment". Labour will be "tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime", Sir Keir promised. Sir Keir's plan to tackle the climate crisis involves making Britain a "clean energy superpower". He promised to introduce zero-carbon British electricity by 2030, which the Labour leader described as a "huge goal that will allow us to accelerate to net zero". This, he said, would put the UK "ahead of any major economy in the world", adding: "That’s the sharp intake of breath." In order to achieve this, the Labour leader said the party will rely on "the right building blocks", including: "Cheaper bills, real energy security, independence from tyrants like Putin, and an industrial strategy that can win the race for jobs, in the green industries of the future." The Labour party has pledged to "break down the barriers to opportunity at every stage, for every child". This, Sir Keir said, will be achieved by "reforming childcare, reforming education, raising standards everywhere and preparing young people for work and life".