Graeme Souness has agreed with Simon Jordan's claim that Manchester United star Marcus Rashford is not world-class despite the 25-year-old's fantastic run of form. The Scotsman argued that Tottenham striker Harry Kane is England's only world-class player as he overlooked the Red Devils' ace. Rashford is one of the most dangerous players in world football in current form and underlined his ability during United's 3-0 win over Leicester. The 25-year-old bagged a brace with the Foxes' backline unable to handle him. His performance once again brought up the question of whether or not he is world-class especially after Jordan's comments in midweek. However, Souness took the side of his talkSPORT colleague. The Scotsman described Kane as England's only world-class player in a clear snub of Rashford's recent accomplishments. "We touched on it before when he was getting his award about he’s a scorer of all types of goals, but he’s a real football player," he told Sky Sports as they discuss the England captain. "He can produce the killer pass, he curls things in, he smashes things in, he taps things in, he’s just a top man. He is England’s only world-class footballer for me." READ MORE: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd Jordan had made waves earlier this week as he discussed Rashford's performance in United's 2-2 draw against Barcelona in the Europa League. The forward was the best player on the park once again as he got a goal and an assist against one of the stingiest defences in European football. However, that was not enough to convince Jordan who argued he still could not be considered world-class. "Rashford is in a ridiculous vein of form," he conceded on talkSPORT. "What I've always pushed back against is the characterisation that he is a world-class player and he's in an elite position. "You can see in a player that their confidence is brimming, but confidence and moments in time are one thing. A body of work and a constant level of containment puts you above everybody else.  "That's the usage of the word 'world class' - we throw it around like confetti. There are very few world-class players, you can name them on two hands. "At this moment in time, while Marcus Rashford's form is extraordinarily good, I think it's a bit silly to call him world-class. At this moment he's on top of his game, that's a fair enough assessment." It remains to be seen if Souness and Jordan will ever be convinced by Rashford's abilities but the forward could soon make them eat their words if he maintains his current performance levels. 