Yuki Tsunoda will be fighting for his seat at Scuderia AlphaTauri this season after team principal Franz Tost warned he needed to see improvements. The Japanese driver joined Red Bull's sister outfit in 2021, finishing 14th in the drivers' standings having amassed 32 points. But despite new F1 regulations being introduced in 2022, designed to make racing more competitive, the 22-year-old fared worse in his second campaign. He managed just four top-10 finishes en route to ending up 17th in the standings, with just 12 points to his name. He will face increased pressure this time around with former teammate Pierre Gasly having been replaced by the highly rated Nick de Vries, who was ninth in his only outing last season when he filled in for Alex Albon at Williams for the Italian Grand Prix. Furthermore, the new AT04, unveiled in New York City this week, is expected to be more competitive on the grid. And Tost, who began his role with the team back in 2005 when they were under the banner of Scuderia Toro Rosso, has acknowledged Tsunoda's previous struggles. But now he's demanded the former Japanese F4 champion be in the frame for a points finish on a regular basis. JUST IN: AlphaTauri unveil 2023 F1 car with a new livery for Nyck de Vries and Yuki Tsunoda "Last year, Yuki struggled with the car,” said Tost, via motorsportweek. “This year, as I expect we will have quite a competitive car, Yuki must always aim to be in Qualifying 3 and finish the races in the points." And the team boss didn't mince his words over expecting a better return in 2023: “He is a very highly-skilled driver and now has a lot of experience with two seasons in Formula 1. For this reason, of course, he has to score many more points than he did last year.” DON'T MISS:Lando Norris has work to do as F1 fans back McLaren chief's Fernando Alonso commentsF1 pundit Johnny Herbert 'snubbed by Channel 4 and BBC' after Sky Sports axeF1 fans want FIA's Ben Sulayem axed as new rule that affects Lewis Hamilton criticised Tost's words strongly imply another year of poor performance from Tsunoda will not be tolerated, essentially putting the driver in a do-or-die situation. The campaign gets underway in Bahrain on the weekend of March 3-5, a venue where Tsunoda actually finished eighth 13 months ago, in what would prove his second best showing of the season. And at the launch in America, technical director Jody Egginton was confident that engineers had improved prospects for the drivers: "Almost all areas of the car represent a strong evolution from the AT03, and great attention was paid to packaging so that we would have the best basis for aerodynamic development," he said. 