British Steel, the nation’s second-largest steel producer, is planning to axe roughly 800 jobs - as it simultaneously discusses the possibility of a £300million Government funding package, sources have claimed. The company, which employs roughly 4,000 people, is understood to be in discussions about launching a redundancy consultation, centred on the Scunthorpe plant in north Lincolnshire where it is based. One insider told Sky News union officials could be briefed about the plans as soon as today, although any announcement may be delayed pending talks with the government. Cuts would result from the closure of coke ovens - although the two blast furnaces based at Scunthorpe as well as other mills in the Chinese-owned group would remain in operation, the source said. The Government would likely take a dim view given its £300million offer is partially dependent on guaranteeing jobs for ten years. Last week it was reported both British Steel and Tata Steel - Britain's biggest steel manufacturer - would be asked to guarantee thousands of jobs until 2033 in return for £600million in government support to be used to help decarbonise the industry. The decision is itself controversial given both companies are Chinese-owned. There are lingering doubts over the financial commitments made by Jingye Group when it bought the business out of insolvency proceedings in 2020. In a letter to Chancellor Jeremy Hunt in December, business secretary Grant Shapps and Michael Gove, the levelling-up secretary, warned British Steel's collapse risked costing the government up to £1billion in decommissioning and other liabilities. They cautioned Mr Hunt that British Steel "does not have a viable business without government support". They pointed out: "Closing one blast furnace would be a stepping-stone to the closure of the second blast furnace, resulting in a highly unstable business model dependent on Chinese steel imports. JUST IN: Brexiteer pinpoints ‘greatest regret’ three years on "Given the magnitude of the liabilities due to falling on HMG in the event of blast furnace closure, and following the PM's steer, we would like officials to test whether net Government support in the region of £300m for British Steel could prevent closure, protect jobs and create a cleaner viable long-term future for steel production in the United Kingdom." Since Jingye acquired British Steel three years ago, its future has become increasingly unclear, with the owners making it clear they will not maintain its operations without taxpayer funding. As well as the people it employs directly, thousands more jobs in its supply chain are dependent upon the company. Tata Steel employs substantially more, including more than 4,000 at Port Talbot steelworks in Wales. Express.co.uk has contacted British Steel for comment.