Security guards have been drafted in to patrol the Lancashire village where Nicola Bulley went missing a fortnight ago to deter people who have descended on the area - some from as far away as Scotland. And one local resident branded some visitors “goons” who were “making an absolute nuisance of themselves” as well as causing criminal damage. And one local resident branded some visitors “goons” who were “making an absolute nuisance of themselves” as well as causing criminal damage. Spencer Sutcliffe said his security firm was asked by people living in St Michael's-on-Wyre to offer "reassurance" for locals, after visitors were spotted trespassing, filming people's properties, and even going through their gardens. There is intense interest in the case, ever since the mum-of-two disappeared on January 27 while taking her Springer Spaniel Willow for a walk on the morning of January 27. Mr Sutcliffe said many people on social media were fixating on what people have suggested are “abandoned properties” near the river. Referring to one such house, he said: "We went there and the owner was actually camping in his car to stop people coming on. People shouldn't have to live like this. "The village is under enough stress as it is, with the situation and poor Nicola, with what has happened to her, whatever has happened to her. "Everyone's in limbo about that, plus we've got the added hassle of all these people coming to the area. “There's an older generation that live in St Michael's, so a lot of people are not on social media. "They're wondering who these people are, what they're doing walking around with their phones, filming the properties, going in through their gardens. It's causing a lot of stress and alarm for the residents." Mr Sutcliffe and his team, who are offering their services for free, are patrolling the village and offering adverse. Referring to a directive by Lancashire Police, he said: "There's a dispersal order in the area, which runs quite far and wide, right down to Brock down the bottom end. If there's any anti-social behaviour whatsoever in that area, the police will remove them. JUST IN: Great Yarmouth bomb drama sees huge WW2 device blow up "We've also just been advising members of the public. We've even had people come down from Kilmarnock in Scotland, just to have a look round and take videos. "There was young kids down on the river last night about half past 10. It's pitch black, it's really dangerous and very slippery under your foot, so we basically advise them. "There's not much we can do on public land. We can just offer them some friendly advice, tell them of the dangers that they are facing, and hopefully they will listen." His company has set up its own Spencer Sutcliffe Security account on TikTok in order to try and get the message across. He explained: "That's the only way we can get through to them. We've asked them not to come to the local area, let the people live in peace, let the family do what they need to do, let the police do their job, and let's all try and help the community as one." DON'T MISSCat owner surprised when adopted pet rapidly grew [PICTURED]Couple lost son 45 years ago in same area as Nicola Bulley [REVEALED]Joe Biden prepares to close deal on major migrant swap with Mexico [REPORT] Laura Lord is one of the administrators of the village’s Facebook group, who played a key role in getting Mr Sutcliffe involved, took a dim view of the behaviour of some of the people visiting the area. She told Lancashire Live: "You don't understand it and you can't reason with it, but people are going to come and they're going to want to see the bench or the river walk, but coming under the cover of darkness and effectively causing criminal damage and making an absolute nuisance of themselves. You're detracting from the investigation as a whole. "We as a community support everything and anything anyone has asked of us in relation to Nicola. We don't want anything to be taken away from that, but these goons are doing it." "I contacted Spencer as a last resort, having had so many messages from residents voicing their concerns about various issues that have been covered. I mean, you walk around the village, on the river, the little building by the water, that's been broken into. "There's damage around, litter, I mean they're all small points compared to obviously Nicola and Nicola's family and what they're reading, what they're seeing. It's just ludicrous. "I know of a local elderly couple who have had people in their garden. The other night, there were 14 of them in a field having walked down the river and decided they were going to walk through the fields and investigate that way."