A council has apologised "unreservedly" for the demolition of a much-loved sculpture of potter and leading anti-slavery campaigner Josiah Wedgwood. The authority said the destruction, on Tuesday, was down to a "significant operational error" by contractors.  The red brick sculpture "Capo", by Vincent Woropay, was located next to Festival Way in the city's Etruria area, reports StokeonTrentLive. It depicted Josiah Wedgwood who, born in 1730,  was the leader in the industrialisation and manufacture of Europen pottery as well as prominent abolitionist, fighting slavery. He is one of the best known historical figures to have been born in what is now Stoke-upon-Trent. It still remains unclear what exactly happened to cause the destruction of the sculpture, which was left as just a pile of bricks. The council said the incident is linked to work to expand the nearby Marina Way roundabout following the recent opening of the Etruria Valley Link Road.    A city council spokesman said: "A significant operational error has occurred in the removal of this statue, and we apologise unreservedly for that. "We have taken this matter up directly with contractors to understand what has gone wrong. "Work is beginning this week to widen the road, to open up access to Festival Park, following the major infrastructure works and new link road at the Ceramic Valley Enterprise Zone. "It’s an exciting project that will bring big benefits to employment opportunities and for businesses to grow in the city. "However, the city’s cultural heritage is deeply important, and we are urgently looking into this matter with our contractors. "The bricks and base of the sculpture will be sensitively removed while we understand what clearly went wrong here." Council leader Abi Brown added: "I am devastated that this error has occurred. "Culture is at the fabric of our city and plays a hugely significant role in the story of Stoke-on-Trent. "I have instructed the director of the service to personally oversee immediate work to protect the sculpture and investigate how this has happened." The sculpture was originally commissioned by the city council for the 1986 National Garden Festival. In 2009, it was moved from storage to its location close to Josiah Wedgwood's former home Etruria Hall, which is now part of the DoubleTree by Hilton Stoke-on-Trent hotel.