There is a growing concern at Arsenal regarding their Premier League title hopes in the wake of Wednesday's home defeat at the hands of Manchester City, according to reports. The defending English champions secured a potentially crucial victory over the Gunners earlier this week, with Kevin de Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland finding the back of the net at the Emirates Stadium. Two major defensive errors from Arsenal allowed City to take control of the match in spite of Bukayo Saka's penalty, which levelled the scores as half-time approached, before Haaland rubber-stamped the points late on to see the visitors return to the top of the Premier League table. The defeat has left a sour taste behind closed doors at Arsenal, though, with the result a 'growing concern' among the squad ahead of this weekend's match against Aston Villa.That's according to The Independent, who are reporting that Mikel Arteta has been trying to rally his players over the last few days by urging them not to dwell on the City game for too much longer. The only message has been to try and work out what went wrong and to revisit the fixture in order to analyse their shortcomings rather than focusing on the disappointment of losing.The Gunners are said to be fixated on moving on from Wednesday's game, although it will be easier said than done for their players to shelve their frustrations after failing to win each of their last three Premier League outings. They now find themselves behind City in the table for the first time in several months and will need to beat them at the Etihad Stadium later this year to stand the best chance of climbing back to the top before the campaign draws to a close. JUST IN: Chelsea hero John Obi Mikel accuses Jose Mourinho of making player cry It will be crucial for Arsenal to start by picking up all three points against Villa this weekend, though, as they look to put their winless run to an abrupt end in the west Midlands. City will be the overwhelming favourites to win their game against Nottingham Forest, which could see Arsenal slip further away from their rivals if they fail to do their own jobs by claiming the spoils at Villa Park.Arteta has remained bullish in the days since their defeat to City and insisted in Friday's press conference that he believes his players will emerge stronger than ever once the dust has settled. He told reporters: "We’ve talked about it for a few months now, the position that we’re in, the way the team is playing, and all the right things that we have to continue to do to earn the right to be there. "We've seen where the level is, we want to be at that level and we are on that journey together. There were a lot of positives to take from [the City] match. I've seen it with my eyes in two games, but the level of efficiency has to be extremely good every single ball to beat them at the end."We are on a journey, we want to be there again. The team is highly motivated because just in case you didn't see it on the pitch or didn't feel it after the game because of the result, I showed them yesterday." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.