More earthquakes could strike quake-ravaged Turkey following Monday’s deadly quake in the region, leading seismologists have warned. A magnitude 6.3 earthquake hit the Turkey-Syria border on Monday, killing at least six people and sending panic through the region two weeks after the area was devastated by quakes that killed more than 47,000 people in both countries. As the death toll keeps climbing, earthquake experts have raised the alarm bell, saying more aftershocks could be on the way. Dr Susan Hough, a leading scientist who oversees the US earthquake-monitoring agency USGC, told Express.co.uk there "remains a one-in-ten chance" another earthquake of magnitude 7 could occur in the region. She said: "Unfortunately, the aftershock sequence is expected to continue. The numbers will drop over time but there remains a chance for larger events. "Calculations indicate a 1-in-10 chance of another aftershock as large as magnitude 7 over the month starting 10 February, and that magnitude 5 and 6 aftershocks remain likely to occur during this period."  According to Ziyadin Cakir of Turkey's Istanbul Technical University, there is no tool or scientific methodology to predict when earthquakes or aftershocks will stop in the country. He told reporters: "Aftershocks and other earthquakes like yesterday may not only occur in the same areas but also take place elsewhere like in Malatya [in the north] where there are fault lines – on which stress increased from these massive earthquakes. "It's a huge crisis and it’s not over yet." READ MORE: Christian Atsu's wife shares heartbreaking message after tragic death French seismologist and geophysicist Xavier Le Pichon also shared his predictions about possible earthquakes in Istanbul. Pointing out that Istanbul is also close to an important fault line, Dr Le Pichon forecasts one more earthquake of magnitude above 7 will hit Turkey’s largest city and its 15 million residents. He told Turkish media: "I think there will be a single earthquake above 7.6 in [Turkey’s northwestern region of] Marmara." The French scientist has been looking at how the seismic plates in the region develop, prompting him to say: "It will not be too big for Marmara, but there will be tsunamis that can cause damage." DON'T MISS:Britons donate almost £100m to victims of Turkey-Syria earthquake [REPORT]  Anti-monarchy protestors ambush King and Anne wows in New Zealand [REPORT]  Benitez was 'in contact with Atsu' before footballer's tragic death [REPORT]  A Dutch researcher had earlier predicted that the very first earthquake to hit the region with the exact location. Dutch seismologist Frank Hoogerbeets, who works for the Solar System Geometry Survey (SSGS) in the Netherlands, predicted the earthquake in Turkey on February 3. Three days before a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Turkey, the Dutch researcher tweeted: "Sooner or later there will be a magnitude 7.5 earthquake in this region (South-Central Turkey, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon)." Dr Hoogerbeets now predicts aftershocks are imminent: "This could be a bit more critical in the coming days - February 21 or 22. The rule of thumb is that we add two days and then give or take one day approximately."  The first 7.8 magnitude quake struck at 4.17 a.m. local time at a depth of about 18 kilometres near the Turkish city of Gaziantep, which has a population of about two million people, according to the US Geological Survey. It was followed by a 7.5-magnitude quake and multiple aftershocks on February 7 further to the north on a different but adjacent fault system: the Sürgü Fault. The earthquakes levelled entire sections of major cities in Turkey and war-torn Syria. This region is prone to earthquakes because it sits at the meeting point of three of the Earth's tectonic plates: the Anatolian, Arabian, and African plates. Arabia is moving north into Europe, pushing the Anatolian plate (on which Turkey sits) westward. The movement of the tectonic plates causes pressure to build up on fault zones at their boundaries. The sudden release of this pressure trigger earthquakes and ground shaking. With now more than 45,000 victims, the latest series of earthquakes is the deadliest seismic event in Turkey's history. READ NEXT:Christian Atsu's agent says body has been found under rubble We can avoid the cruel nature of mankind but we don'tMosque gets vile letter saying ‘not enough Muslims’ died in quakesTurkey earthquake horror uncovered by satellite images show cracksUK warned aid sent to Syria could be stolen by al-Assad regime