Better is about to air on BBC One, filling the void after Happy Valley's final episode. The new series explains how a corrupt police officer and head of a Leeds crime syndicate develop a special bond. The show's bosses spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other media about the comparison to Happy Valley. Better was filmed and set entirely in Leeds and West Yorkshire and it stars Leila Farzad as DI Lou Slack. She has plans to bring down Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan), the same man she helped reach the head of the criminal underworld many years ago. After her family faces tragedy, Lou is forced to attempt to correct her mistakes. Ahead of the show's launch, executive producers Lucy Dyke and Jonathan Brackley addressed the inevitable comparison to Happy Valley, which is also filmed in the north. READ MORE: Better's Col McHugh actor pays tribute to 'terrific' BBC co-star Lucy said: "Shows like Happy Valley are amazing but there's space for other shows as well. "I think the more shows we can make up here, the better. I hope Better is as good quality drama as Happy Valley, that's the dream, right? "That's what you are sort of aiming towards. So I don't think there is pressure necessarily but it's really good to have shows that are also amazing alongside what we hope we are making an elevating. "It makes you more ambitious I suppose when you are held up against shows like Happy Valley." Jonathan hoped the time would come when there would be too many northern dramas to compare. He shared: "Hopefully we get to a point where there's more than two shows recently shot in Yorkshire so you don't have to compare the two. "I think our show is quite different in many ways and if we have half the success of Happy Valley we will be very pleased." Lucy agreed how multiple cop dramas set in London are never compared in the same way. She noted: "I think that's part of the conversation around northern-set drama. "We don't question five dramas set in London, they just are and they are not compared in the same way. DON'T MISS... Better writer warns BBC drama divide viewers with 'complex' character Better episode 1 stars Andrew Buchan and Leila Farzad Loose Women's Judi Love defends divisive Happy Valley finale "But two shows which happen to be cop shows that are set up here are compared, and that's fine. "That will happen but hopefully we will get to a point where that's just accepted and northern drama is held up in the same way that London drama is." Lou actress Leila Farzad explained what drew her to the series, adding: "Part of what drew me to this project in the first place was that I've always been anti-binary when looking at things. "There is always grey, and no matter how terrible something appears to be, you must put things in context and understand why they've happened rather than just judge. "Especially with social media, we live in a world where people want to judge and immediately put things in boxes. "We've also been fed television where there's a baddie and a goodie. "So, what is so interesting about this drama is that it's all blurred. "You get to understand the reasons for the immoral, ‘bad behaviour’, and you perhaps empathise with someone who is behaving in a grotesque manner, and that's interesting because life is not black and white." She continued: "I'm excited for people to see a woman who is unapologetically grappling with big ugly issues and sometimes she's pretty unpleasant and ruthless to watch. "I'm hoping the audience will question their idea of morality and ask where the line is drawn."  Better starts on BBC One on February 13 at 9pm.