 The Met Office has issued an urgent yellow wind warning, starting at 6am on Friday and concluding at 6pm the same day. The powerful wind is expected to cause travel chaos.    The meteorological office warned that there is a “small chance of injuries and danger to life from flying debris” as winds reach 50-60mph. Members of the public have been urged to stay away from beaches as powerful gusts are set to cause dangerous waves. Gusts as high as 70mph are possible, particularly in the more exposed Pennine routes. The Met Office stated: “There is a small chance that injuries and danger to life could occur from large waves and beach material being thrown onto sea fronts, coastal roads and properties.” READ MORE: Buffalo supermarket gunman sentenced to life in prison   It is also possible that buildings may suffer damage, such as tiles blown from roofs, the Met Office stated. Commuters have been warned that Friday's weather may cause longer travel journeys as there is a small chance that some roads and bridges could close. Road, rail, air and ferry services will also likely be affected, causing delayed journeys or cancellations. Motorists have been advised to drive slowly and take care on “exposed routes such as bridges, or high open roads, delay your journey or find alternative routes if possible”.  There is a slight chance that power cuts may occur, with the potential to affect other services, such as mobile phone coverage, the Met Office stated. DON'T MISSRhod Gilbert thanks fans for 'patience' amid stage four cancer battle [UPDATE]Nikki Haley secures key Trump ally’s endorsement [INSIGHT]Anti-monarchists to protest at King Charles's visit to Milton Keynes [REVEAL]  The strong wind is set to develop on Friday morning, but ease as the day draws to a close. Winds will be strongest over, and immediately to the east of high ground. Areas affected include North East England, North West England, Scotland and Yorkshire & Humber. There are also five flood alerts in place across England. These include Upper River Ems Valley, East Dean, Hursley, Hambledon, Finchdean, Dean Lane End and Rowlands Castle.  