Tottenham could lose a cult hero outside the boundaries of the Premier League transfer window amid reports that Fenerbahce are working on a deal to sign Lucas Moura. The move would see the Brazilian follow in the footsteps of former Spurs star Dele Alli, who is currently on loan at Besiktas. A calf injury kept Moura sidelined towards the start of the season and fierce competition within Antonio Conte's squad has prevented him from squeezing into the starting XI. The 30-year-old is yet to start a single Premier League match this campaign, with just over 90 minutes of football under his belt in total. Dejan Kulusevski, Richarlison and Son Heung-min can all play out wide, while the January signing of Arnaut Danjuma has effectively hammered the final nail into Moura's coffin in north London. According to Turkish outlet Sabah, Fenerbahce are working on a deal to recruit the speedy winger 'immediately', with their transfer window set to remain open until March 5. Such a move would see the Tottenham outcast featuring in the same league as Alli, whose career has been in a concerning tailspin since leaving Spurs last year. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture Moura will be out of contract at the end of the season regardless and although he is expected to end his career in Brazil, the Champions League finalist supposedly believes that he has more to offer in Europe before retreating to his homeland. Fenerbahce are reportedly confident of finalising the move, with all other major European transfer windows already closed. The Turkish giants therefore have a free run at the former Paris Saint-Germain ace, who they hope to sign 'immediately'. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat It has also been suggested that Spurs may not receive a transfer fee for the Brazilian, who still has four months remaining on his contract. Fenerbahce are said to have offered Moura a three-year deal worth around £45,000 a week as they try to chase down bitter rivals Galatasaray in the Turkish Super Lig table. Tottenham have ambitions of their own, with Conte's side currently occupying the final Champions League spot after victory over West Ham on Sunday. The Italian will look to hold off the challenge of Newcastle in fifth, as well as potential late charges from Liverpool or Chelsea.  Moura rose through the ranks with his hometown club Sao Paulo, taking the Brazilian league by storm before moving to PSG as a youngster in 2013. His time in the French capital was mixed, leaving with 46 goals in 229 games, and his inconsistency continued at Spurs. He did, however, star in one of the club's greatest-ever nights, scoring a dramatic game-winning hat-trick against Ajax in the Champions League semi-finals back in 2019, with the decisive strike coming in the 96th minute.