Tess Daly has been at the helm of the BBC dancing competition since it began back in 2004 alongside the late Sir Bruce Forsyth. Her current co-host Claudia Winkleman joined her in 2014 and it looks as though viewers of Strictly Come Dancing fans will be seeing more of the dynamic duo as they’ve bagged themselves a huge deal to stay on the show. Before the late Sir Bruce left Strictly in 2013, Claudia presented the popular spin-off show It Takes Two.Moving over to the main show nearly a decade ago, the female hosts have become fan favourites over the years as they’ve seen Bill Bailey, Rose Ayling-Ellis and Hamza Yassin take home the Glitterball.Now,  it looks as though viewers are set to see Claudia and Tess welcome at least two more sets of celebrities to the dancefloor.It’s been reported the pair have signed a huge six-figure deal which will secure them as the main hosts on the show for another two years. READ MORE:BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah  The source added bosses of the show couldn’t contemplate Tess and Claudia no longer being Strictly presenters as they’ve become synonymous with the programme.Recently, fans of the pair saw Claudia in a different light as she fronted the new BBC reality game show, The Traitors.Greeting a group of 22 contestants to a Scottish castle, the 51-year-old was tasked with selecting three “traitors” and would assist the group on a series of different challenges.Before the show aired last year, Claudia confessed she missed taking on a darker demeanour as she usually has to be upbeat when hosting the dance competition. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex admits Vanessa 'puts him in his place' [INSIGHT] Coronation Street's Sarah Platt crushes husband Adam's baby dream [SPOILER] Piers Morgan scolded by guest for wrongly using term 'woke' [VIDEO] She said: “I have to be so smiley on Strictly. 'Oh, a five's not bad from Craig [Revel Horwood], well done. At least it's not a three.'"I'm kind to [the contestants] sometimes. I wish the best for them and I try and look after them, but it's quite difficult because I can't say anything. I love Strictly, I love both."Although Claudia and Tess have signed a contract for the next two years, Tess’ husband Vernon Kay confessed his wife has no plans of leaving anytime soon.Speaking to The Sun, Vernon joked it was likely she'd stay on Strictly until she retires at the same age as Sir Bruce did. 