A social media profile purporting to be Carabao Cup final referee David Coote and carrying an image of Old Trafford as the background photo is fake. Screenshots of the profile have gone viral on social media ahead of the showdown clash between Manchester United and Newcastle. The PGMOL confirmed on Monday that Coote would referee the final, which is scheduled to take place on February 26. But Newcastle fans have since been concerned by viral images of a Facebook page claiming to be the Nottinghamshire-born official. A screenshot of the profile shows a profile photo of Coote standing at Wembley Stadium. The background image, though, is of the Red Devils’ Old Trafford home. It has been used to incorrectly suggest that Coote is a United supporter. The conspiracy theory has been widely shared on social media. JUST IN: Man Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' However, the profile is a fake account and is not run by Coote. It is not known who the 40-year-old supports, if anyone, but it is extremely unlikely that it is United given that he has officiated their matches many times. Coote was born in Nottinghamshire and qualified with his local Football Association, working as a referee development officer with the Notts FA between 2004 and 2012. He also worked for the Manchester County FA until 2016. The Premier League official has never refereed a game involving Nottingham Forest or Notts County. He has taken charge of two Man Utd games this season. In the first, Erik ten Hag’s side narrowly defeated Everton 2-1 at Goodison Park. The Red Devils then won 4-2 at home to Aston Villa in an earlier round of the Carabao Cup. March’s showpiece event will be the first time Coote has taken charge of a Newcastle game this season. He last refereed the Magpies in their 1-0 defeat by Chelsea back in March. DON'T MISS...Man Utd sent message over 'perfect owners' as Liverpool shows realityEmir of Qatar draws up solution to UEFA rules for Man Utd takeover bidMason Greenwood timeline laid out as Man Utd weigh up three options Coote will referee the Carabao Cup final for the first time in his career. He will be assisted by Nick Hopton and Tim Wood. The fourth official at Wembley Stadium will be Simon Hooper. VAR will be controlled by Peter Bankes and Eddie Smart. United reached the final by beating Nottingham Forest in their two-legged semi-final. Newcastle overcame Southampton. Express Sport has contacted the FA and the PGMOL for comment.