Tottenham assistant Cristian Stellini revealed he spoke to head coach Antonio Conte on the phone after guiding his side to a 1-0 victory over Manchester City on Sunday. The Italian stood in for Conte as he continues his recovery from surgery in Italy and was congratulated by his colleague and close friend after securing three important points at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Harry Kane scored the only goal of the game to become Spurs' all-time record goalscorer, overtaking club legend Jimmy Greaves with his 267th goal for the club in all competitions. The win means that Tottenham are now just a point behind Newcastle in the battle for a top-four finish. Conte, who was absent from the touchline and put Stellini in temporary charge after undergoing surgery this week to remove his gallbladder in Turin, was watching from afar and even spoke to Kane in the aftermath of their win. And Stellini opened up on the 53-year-old's words after speaking to his close friend in the dressing room after the final whistle. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's 10-word message to Kane on phone "It was a tough week and we have to give a great compliment to all the players and the staff. It was a tough week because we lost Antonio [Conte] this week, hopefully he'll be back next week. He'll be back happy now," Stellini told Sky Sports after the game. "I spoke to him on the phone just now and he said congratulations to the team and especially Harry." Stellini, who has now guided Spurs to two wins from two when stepping in for Conte, identified the key difference that helped his side stifle Pep Guardiola's team after they continued their five-game run of not scoring at Tottenham's new stadium. DON'T MISSMan City boss Pep Guardiola makes title admission after Tottenham lossJamie Carragher worries Erling Haaland has 'picked wrong club'Arsenal and Tottenham in race for Ansu Fati as Barcelona's hands tied "The key was the capacity to suffer when City has the ball," he added. "We know when we play against this team we have to suffer because they have the ball a lot but we moved well in the defensive situation and defended the goal in a brilliant way." "We knew very well that in that game (at City) we lost our key - our capacity to suffer. We lost that last time, we spoke about that situation and that we had to be angry, motivated. "To reach our target, we have to suffer more, to fight. When you are winning against City, they can play with great pace. You have to be strong and we controlled the space very well." Asked how he rated his first Premier League game in charge, he added: "I enjoyed it. Today my responsibility, the staff and my responsibility was very high. It's not easy without the gaffer all week but we did very well." Kane enjoyed a historic day in his career after becoming the club's leading goalscorer, and after Conte spoke directly to the 29-year-old in the dressing room, Stellini reserved praise for the club's talisman. "Harry Kane, in his DNA, he has football. He understands football in every moment," Stellini said. "He can play in any position. He is a GOAT in this league, in this sport. He is a great example." The result means Tottenham are now in fifth place with 39 points from 22 games, stretching their advantage over Chelsea and Liverpool, who both failed to win this weekend. City, meanwhile, now face an uphill task to catch Arsenal with a five-point gap to bridge.