  Good Morning Britain's Sean Fletcher, 48, who also stars alongside Helen Skelton, 39, in Countryfile, has described how his BBC colleague was initially "very nervous" to appear on Strictly Come Dancing a few months ago. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, he went on to say how "proud" the team were of her, after she conquered her fears following a tough year - and even reached the finals.      Sean discussed his pal Helen’s journey on Strictly as part of a wider discussion about mental health, after he teamed up with GO Outdoors and Mind for their recent winter campaign #HatsOnForMind. The ITV star has joined fellow countryfile stars Helen and Julia Bradbury, as well as ex-England goalkeeper David Seaman, to raise money for the mental health charity. Quizzed about Helen’s time on Strictly, Sean said: “I’ve worked with [Helen] quite a few times on Countryfile and actually I was speaking to her this summer. “It was before Strictly, and I think she knew… She must have known she was going to be doing Strictly, but she kept it all quite quiet. READ MORE: Piers Morgan brands Fawlty Towers reboot a 'terrible idea'      Reflecting on Helen’s performance, which saw her reach the Strictly final, Sean confirmed how “proud” Helen’s Countryfile colleagues were of her. “I texted her and said, ‘You’ve just made us all so proud.’ And she was brilliant, wasn’t she?” Sean said. “There was one photoshoot [#HatsOnForMind campaign] where I did know - on our second photoshoot I knew she was doing Strictly then. “And yeah, I suppose that she would have been really nervous - and now fast forward a few months…     “And look at where she got to!” the presenter added enthusiastically. Helen and her professional partner Gorka Márquez made it all the way to the finals, after avoiding the bottom two week after week. Hamza Yassin, Fleur East and Molly Rainford were the other celebs that reached the finals, with Hamza and his partner Jowita Przystał going on to lift the coveted glitterball trophy. “It’s not about winning, but I think she’s brilliant,” Sean reflected. “That journey and the way she’s dealt with herself… READ MORE... Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [UPDATE] Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady [LATEST] Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards [NEWS]      “And the dancing’s amazing! So yeah, I think she’s done really well,” he confirmed. Helen’s 2022 was filled with heartbreak as well as joy, as she separated from ex husband Richie Myler back in April after eight years of marriage. The pair share sons Ernie, 7, Louis, 5, and one-year-old daughter Elsie. The couple’s split happened just four months after she gave birth to her daughter.       Rugby league footballer Richie is now expecting a baby with his new girlfriend Stephanie Thirkill just months after leaving the family home. Almost half of Brits admit to experiencing challenges to their mental health at least once a week, while over two thirds of the country have said spending time outdoors helps with their mental health, according to the charity Mind. Behind the new hat range released in a collaboration between GO Outdoors and Mind is the idea that people across the country get outdoors in their new hats and tag a friend with #HatsOnForMind, asking them to do the same. #HatsOnForMind launched on November 7, with all hats available to buy exclusively at GOOutdoors, Blacks, Millets, and Fishing Republic. Adult hats are priced at £10 and two children’s options at just £8, with 100% of profits going to Mind.   