Paris Saint-Germain sporting advisor Luis Campos has made an honest admission about Lionel Messi's future at the club. Messi is at the core of mass speculation as he enters the final five months of his current contract after putting the cherry on top of his career trophy haul with the World Cup in Qatar. Messi has long been expected to renew his deal in the French capital after suggestions he was nearing a move to MLS side Inter Miami were shut down. But the 35-year-old is yet to reach an agreement on terms for an extension at PSG, and exit rumours have re-emerged after the winter World Cup. According to Barcelona reporter Gerard Romero, Messi has no intention of extending his two-year stay in Paris after his World Cup triumph caused a change of heart. It has sparked the return of links to the MLS and the Middle East, as well as a potential return to Barcelona after his emotional 2021 exit. However, Campos has reassured PSG fans that contract discussions are ongoing, and the club still hope to tie him down to a new deal. JUST IN: Second throat grab in Manchester United vs Crystal Palace melee missed  He told Telefoot: "At the moment, we are in discussions with Messi for his extension. I would like to keep him in this project. I can't hide it. "We are talking at the moment to achieve this goal and continue to have him with us." Messi struggled to meet his meteoric standards in his first season in France but has produced impressive numbers throughout his second. The seven-time Ballon d'Or winner has registered 15 goals and 14 assists in 24 appearances in all competitions this term. DON'T MISS Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'resigned' to fate after Wolves defeatMan Utd stance on appealing Casemiro red card comes to lightMan Utd stars 'make feelings clear' on Mason Greenwood returning In the eyes of many, Messi completed his career and cemented 'GOAT' status by guiding Argentina to their third World Cup in December. He captained the nation in all seven games, scoring seven goals and providing three assists, earning him the Player of the Tournament award. If anything, it proved Messi had plenty more to offer and raised confusion amid the reports that he was planning an MLS move, a significant drop down from European football. But now he's won everything there has been for him to win, he may deem this summer the perfect time to make that step. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here