Rats do not typically hibernate during the winter months. Therefore, when the weather is cold they are typically in search of a warm place where they can find shelter and protection from predators. Rats love settling in gardens, no matter how big or small your outdoor space is, rats can inhibit it and start breeding, and this is something you do not want because once these creatures multiply, they become destructive and can even enter your home. To avoid this Express.co.uk caught up with Robert Collins, a pest control expert at myjobquote.co.uk, to get an exclusive insight on how to achieve a rat-free garden. According to Robert, rats "really don’t like onions”. He said: “Just the scent of an onion is one of the best non-toxic ways to get rid of rats from your garden. “The pungent smell of onions can effectively deter rats and stop them from wanting to enter the garden.” To use this method, cut a few onions into slices and spread these slices around the edge of your garden or close to any visible entry points. It’s important to put fresh onions out every few days to make sure it is effective, or they'll rot. READ MORE: Five ‘safe and effective’ solutions for deterring pigeons from gardens Rats are very smart beings. Research has proven that rats are smart enough to sense any threats within their surroundings. It may be an uncommon remedy, but the fact is owls’ feathers scare rats, and they run away fearing owls’ presence. One of the most interesting things that rats learn how to do is learn how to act in the presence of predators and how to escape an owl attack, claimed the expert. He suggested: “A great way to deter rats is to place feathers from their natural predators close to their habitats or close to any visible entry points to your garden.” DON'T MISS5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine [EXPERT]‘Inexpensive’ tip to kill ‘unsightly’ mould when painting a wall [TIPS]Three ‘natural home remedies’ to ‘effectively’ get rid of bed bugs [COMMENT] Robert said: “There are several essential oils that can be used to deter rats from your garden. This is one of the safest and most effective natural ways to get rid of rats. “Peppermint, eucalyptus, and citronella are great examples of essential oils that are brilliant at deterring rats. “The strong smell of these oils can easily dissuade rats. Simply mix together your chosen essential oil in a spray bottle. “The mixture should consist of one part essential oil and nine parts water. Then, spray this mixture around the edges of your garden and in any space that you may suspect is a habitat for the rats.” READ MORE: 5 ‘must-have’ low maintenance plants for ‘colourful’ winter gardens Sticking with the sense of smell theme, ammonia cleaning agents make for excellent rat repellents. Ammonia is “great for repelling rats” due to its “very pungent smell”, recommended the expert. To use ammonia as a deterrent, mix together some ammonia with water in a bowl and then place this bowl outside close to the rat’s habitat. Just be careful not to put it close to any plants in case the bowl gets knocked over as the ammonia could kill your plants. Gardeners can use steel wool as an effective way to block the access points to their garden. Robert said: “If there are any visible access points where you know the rats are entering and exiting from, stuff some steel wool into these gaps. “Steel wool is a great barrier as it’s difficult for rats to nibble at steel wool.” If gardeners are using steel wool rats will “eventually give up” when they find “they can’t get through it”.