In 2021, Unforgotten fans were left heartbroken when DCI Cassie Stuart unexpectedly died following a car crash. With the much-loved character’s absence going to be prominent throughout the upcoming series, the boss of the ITV show, Chris Lang, touched on Nicola Walker’s exit. For six years, Unforgotten viewers watched as DCI Stuart and DI Sunny Khan (played by Sanjeev Bhaskar) set about solving a series of murder cold cases and disappearances. However, at the end of series four, the long-running character was involved in a road collision which resulted in her death and departure from the show. With many fearing what this meant for the future of Unforgotten, fans were thrilled when ITV confirmed it would be producing a fifth series with Sinead stepping in to replace Nicola as DCI Jessica James. Appearing on BBC Breakfast ahead of the new series, which airs on Monday 27 February, show writer Chris Lang spoke about the transition. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error   He said: “All of the characters that we know are wrestling with quite a profound loss as well. “Cassie Stewart, played by Nicola Walker who died at the end of series four. “That’s quite a big thing to process, obviously for the audience and to a degree for the characters within it. “I kind of wanted to take the characters on the same journey as I suspected the audience were going on.   “When you lose a favourite character that you’ve taken into your home and into your heart, it’s actually quite traumatic. “So it’s a difficult transition to introduce a new character so I wanted to take the characters on the same journey.” BBC Breakfast’s Charlie Stayt questioned if he knew the series would carry on following Nicola’s exit.  Chris confirmed he felt as though it could, although he had to convince other people. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast fans blast Keir Starmer's 'sticking plaster' interview [REACTION] Loose Women star branded 'out of touch' over lavish funeral plans [VIDEO] Vera's Brenda Blethyn details changes made for beloved DCI Stanhope [INSIGHT]   He confessed: “We looked at lots of other shows where one of the co-leads had left and carried on incredibly successfully. “I was of the belief that the show was bigger than any one particular actor in it- well, we’ll find out won’t we!” Touching on the decision to leave the show in the past, Nicola told Radio Times, both her and Chris had spoken about it from the beginning. The actress confessed producers were always putting Cassie through a story arc that would emotionally damage her.  She commented: “The buzzword was that she was an empath, and the problem with being an empath is that eventually, you break. “I felt that to have her keep coming back would make her seem like a superhero. So it was very much a joint and long-planned decision.” A synopsis for the first episode of the new series reveals a severed leg is discovered inside a chimney which results in the team getting to work trying to identify the victim. Unforgotten continues Monday February 27 on ITV from 9pm. 