Donald Trump's presidential bid for the US 2024 election is "nothing more" than a way for the former president to raise money, which he may use to pay off the legal costs his business, Trump Organisation, faces, a politics expert has claimed to Express.co.uk. Irina Tsukerman, political analyst and president of Scarab Rising, told Express.co.uk: "Trump's campaign seems to be nothing more than a way to try to protect the former president from legal problems and to raise funding." She said, in the event of the campaign's failure, the money will revert under the control of Trump, which he can use to "offset legal costs resulting from the various lawsuits, scandals, and investigation" he faces. The former president is facing legal pressure on multiple fronts as his business is put on trial for tax fraud. The Trump Organisation operates hotels, golf courses, and other real estates around the world. According to financial statements analysed by Forbes magazine, Trump's finances have taken a significant hit since 2016 and as of last month, the review revealed he had less than $93million in the bank. But much of his wealth is tied up in real estate, golf courses and other ventures. Mathew Kerbis, a lawyer from Illinois, previously told Express.co.uk that Trump's 2024 presidential announcement is a "well-timed, strategic move". He said: "As an attorney, looking from the outside, I think he got legal counsel to run for office because it would prevent him from being criminally indicted.   "I think that's why he did it as early as he did because he got word through the Trump Organisation's attorneys that this result was probably going to happen so he announced his candidacy for president to avoid criminal liability. "I don't know if he actually wants to be president again but whether or not he does, this is the best move he could have made to at least delay his potential criminal liability". Ms Tsukerman added: "While Trump's fundraising efforts have been successful (such as the buyout of the NFTs) they are limited to his increasingly narrowing base." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 