Helen Skelton, 39, was paired up with dance pro Kai Widdrington, 27, for the much-anticipated return of the Strictly Come Dancing live tour. The Countryfile star, however, could not help but be thrilled to dance with all her other co-stars as she spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk ahead of the opening night in Birmingham. Asked what she was most looking forward to, Helen revealed she was excited to dance with all her world champion co-stars that took the dance floor by storm during last year’s TV series. She said: “I love the group dances. I’ll have the chance to dance with all the other guys. “I mean, what a once in a lifetime opportunity. When ever in life am I going to get a chance to dance with a world champion, you know? “So, I’m just very grateful. You’ll never get a chance to do it again, so you just kind of want to make the most of every second.” Elsewhere in the interview, Helen explained how dancing in front of a live audience across the nation’s largest arenas compared to her on-screen experience. The TV presenter admitted that she felt as though it was “all of the best bits of the show” without the pressure of the weekly eliminations. She said: “It’s nice to do it in this big massive space. [It’s] very different to the show, but I think it’s just been fun because the pressure is off and there’s not the pressure of the TV and dance-off and all of that. “So, this is all of the best bits of the show in a good environment.” “I think it’s a celebration and a ‘thank you’, like, we got to have that mad adventure on Strictly because people kept us in every week and people voted.” Dishing on the reason contestants had reunited for the live tour, Helen said: “And I think this is a chapter to go out and say thank you. “All my friends are desperate to come and it’s a good time. “This show is all about giving people a good time, so it’s just nice to be able to carry that on for a while.” DON'T MISS...Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] Last week, Helen and her co-stars made headlines after having to reportedly take cover on Friday when they stumbled across a "shocking" street fight during a night out. It was reported that the TV star was left "shocked" and "running for cover" as the group stumbled across a street fight where "bottles were thrown". Helen had been enjoying a night in the West Yorkshire city with her co-stars, who are currently performing for fans in various UK cities. However, things turned sour when a man appeared to launch a bottle in Helen's direction, leaving her to seek refuge in an alleyway alongside her pals, with images being obtained by The Sun. Helen was out with a Strictly backing dancer, alongside Ellie Simmonds, Tyler West, Molly Rainford and Neil Jones. In the snaps, Helen could be seen looking visibly shocked with the bottle very close to her feet following the incident. A source told The Sun of the incident: "Helen and her co-stars were walking home when they stumbled on a brutal fight which saw a bottle being thrown.” Express.co.uk previously contacted Helen Skelton's representatives for comment.