Hayden Panettiere's brother Jansen Panettiere has died at the age of 28, according to reports. The Walking Dead star's younger sibling also starred in multiple Hollywood movies and hit TV shows over the years. According to local police, the artist and actor's body was discovered in his apartment outside of New York City. A spokesman for the local police department told The US Sun: “We responded to a call on February 19, 2023 at 5:03pm. "Our detectives are currently continuing an investigation from that response, and we cannot provide further information at this time.” A source close to the family has revealed that Hayden's brother died over the weekend in New York, according to TMZ. READ MORE: Battered Dan Walker has 'no memory' of bike accident Jansen appeared in multiple features throughout the early 00s, including Shia LaBeouf's TV show Even Stevens, Ice Age: The Meltdown and a recurring role in Nickelodeon's The Xs. TMZ reports The Walking Dead actor died in New York. Jansen's cause of death is not yet known and his family are yet to confirm the news publicly.  Hayden and Jensen once worked together back in the early 00s, with the siblings both appearing in 2004's Tiger Cruise and 2005's Racing Stripes. Jansen's final Instagram post was of his artwork which he shared with his 11,800 followers, and he shared the caption: "This is one of my personal favourites." Fans have flocked to comment on the post as they offered their condolences. Infinity Hours wrote: "RIP," while Kim added: "Rest well."  Jansen continued his acting career throughout the 2010s and enjoyed cameos on shows like Major Crimes. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan rages over 'ludicrous' changes to Roald Dahl books[LATEST]Alison Hammond's future father-in-law confirms she's engaged[REPORTS]Jeremy Clarkson aims dig at Brian May amid badger controversy[ADMISSION] The actor also portrayed Casper in AMC's The Walking Dead. Hayden and Jansen spoke about their relationship with TV Guide in 2007. The siblings were asked how they would describe their relationship and the pair joked that they still argue and playfight. Jansen said: "We still fight, we still argue and stuff." Hayden cheekily joked: "I can still beat him in a fight." Jansen added: "When I turn 14, dude, I'll beat the shiitake mushrooms out of you." The Nashville actress mockingly said: "Bring it on." The actress took to Instagram in 2021 and shared a selfie of her and Jansen in Tahiti. "Sibling time at the amaaaaazing market in #Tahiti," she captioned the sweet sibling shot. "#OceanDiaries @jrpanettiere."(sic) While their faces were mostly hidden behind masks amid the coronavirus pandemic, fans spotted Hayden's accessory: a gold necklace that spelled out Kaya, the name of her seven-year-old daughter with ex Wladimir Klitschko.