Boxing icon Floyd Mayweather claims to have been 'hurt bad' during his exhibition fight with reality TV star Aaron Chalmers on Saturday night. The American, who retired from the professional ranks with an unblemished record of 50-0, fears that he may have broken his hand in the eight-round bout. Not many were surprised to see Mayweather teach Chalmers a boxing lesson at the O2 Arena, although he failed to secure a stoppage over eight rounds of action. The event was far from a sell-out with huge numbers of empty seats remaining for the American's first fight in the UK. Mayweather proved as elusive as ever and he found time to dance in his corner at the halfway point of the fight, before asking the cameraman whether he had seen his shot at the end of the fifth round. Although the 46-year-old was never stunned by any of Chalmers' shots, his own punches almost landed him in trouble as Mayweather relayed fears that he had broken his left hand during the scrap. DON'T MISS: Jake Paul fight time tonight: What time is Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury on?  "I hurt my hand actually," he admitted. "[It was] when I was breaking with the hook. A lot of people don’t know. When I was breaking with the hook, that’s boxing language, I hurt my left hand, bad. It could be broken. We’re not worried. I’m still able to use the left. You have to use the jab to set everything up. He was tough, he can take everything on the chin. Shortly after the fight, Mayweather said of his opponent: "This guy is tough as nails. I came over to the UK to entertain the people. We had fun for eight rounds and I’m glad that I came.  "What he has to do is work hard and believe in his skills, because he’s got a good chin and he’s a tough competitor. I want to thank all the fans in the UK, it’s unbelievable. It’s up to the fans, if the fans want me to come back then I will come back." Mayweather's last orthodox boxing bout came in 2015, when he beat Andre Berto to retain his welterweight world titles. Two years later he fought MMA star Conor McGregor in the Irishman's one and only boxing match, extending his record to 50 fights undefeated. Since announcing his retirement, Mayweather has taken part in six exhibition fights. His first came against Japanese kickboxer Tenshin Nasukawa in 2018, against whom he supposedly banked more than £6.5million for a first-round TKO stoppage. Subsequent exhibition fights against Logan Paul, Don Moore, Mikuru Asakura and Deji preceded this weekend's bout against Chalmers, which was not scored and ended without an official verdict.