Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has responded to praise from Paul Scholes and other club legends ahead of Sunday’s Carabao Cup final showdown with Newcastle. The Red Devils go into the game hoping to win a first trophy since 2017. And they’re expected to emerge victorious, especially given their impressive form. Scholes was full of praise for United after they came from behind to beat Barcelona 2-1 in the Europa League on Thursday night. And Ten Hag has now responded, admitting he and his players are enjoying the compliments after so much criticism in recent years. “Sometimes it's difficult for the players of today because every time there is a reference to the past and the big history that the former players made,” said the 53-year-old. “And I can imagine those (former) players, because you love the club and it's a big part of your life - and what you most love you are most critical of because you want them to do well. “So I can understand that sometimes it affects players, but it's part of our job to live with criticism and see it as a gift and to do better. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “As a player for Manchester United you know you have to perform - you know you have to win games and win trophies. “That can only be possible if you have togetherness because you can't do it on your own.” Ten Hag added: “I’ve never had the opportunity to be at Wembley and experience a game there. “Only on television. I am looking forward to it. It’s a big joy. “If you win it and it’s good, the impact it can have. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “But if not, then we have to get more opportunities and carry on the process because we are still going in the right direction.” Ten Hag also issued a rallying cry to his players, too, urging them to ‘create their own legacy’. The Red Devils have gone six years without a trophy and have lost their last two finals, in 2018 and 2021 respectively. Ten Hag said: “When you are a player for Manchester United you have to create your own legacy - and therefore you have to win trophies. “We are going in a good direction. On Sunday we have an opportunity to win a trophy. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But after Sunday we are still in three competitions where we have good opportunities to also win something. “It’s massive. But first we have to get the first one so we don’t think further ahead. “We have to put everything we have into getting the trophy to Manchester.” As for Newcastle, manager Eddie Howe has insisted his side won’t be ‘burdened by history’ before the cup final. The Toon haven’t won a major trophy in 54 years. And Howe said: “I don’t feel the players are burdened by history – they feel it as a potential motivation. “We made them aware before the start of this competition that there’s been a long wait for a trophy and I think they all understand that. “I think it’s a great thing we have that as a motivating tool.” And, on what victory would mean for himself and his team, Howe added: “It would mean the world to me but it would be more for the supporters, for everyone connected with Newcastle, if we were able to do it. “They’ve had a long wait and I know just from my dealings with people around the city, the love they have for the football club. “I’d love to return that love with a trophy. Since coming to Newcastle, from day one, I’ve felt good. “I feel an inner contentment here. "I feel comfortable in my surroundings.”