They claim to be diversity champions, yet demand absolute submission to their creed. They call for tolerance, yet react with fury to any dissent from their ruling orthodoxy. It was their determination to impose extreme transgender ideology on Scotland which brought about the downfall of First Minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon this month. Brimming with righteous fanaticism, they dismissed alerts about threats to women from their radical legislation to make it far easier for individuals to change their gender identities. But their hardline policy, opposed by the majority of the Scottish people and the Government in London, backfired disastrously when a double rapist was housed in a female prison, simply on the grounds that he now “identified as a woman.” In the wake of this explosive row, the battle to succeed Sturgeon has further revealed the alarming narrow-mindedness of the social justice mob. Initially, Scottish Finance Minister Kate Forbes, renowned for her articulacy, competence and affability, was favourite. But, in the oppressive climate of Edinburgh politics, she was suddenly deemed to have a fatal flaw which would disqualify her from the highest office. The problem, argued her fulminating critics, lay in her religious convictions. The daughter of a charity worker from the Highlands, Ms Forbes is a devout Protestant Christian who follows the traditionalist teachings of the Free Church of Scotland, like the opposition to same sex marriage or the belief that child-rearing should take place within wedlock.  But these are her private, spiritual ideals, not her public, political goals. As she said last week, she is a “democrat, not a dictator” and has no intention of overturning SNP policies on these issues. None of that was good enough for her woke enemies. Painted as a modern Puritan bent on turning Scotland into Calvinist theocracy, she was subjected to a ferocious verbal battering. But the more they denounce her, the more they show that they are the real bigots in this saga, fixated with rooting out heresy. They are also supreme hypocrites. They portray Ms Forbes as an extremist because of her Christian views, but what could be more extreme than their unhinged assertion that a rapist with a penis can be a woman? The biggest beneficiary of this controversy is the Scottish Health Secretary Humza Yousef, who has emerged as her leading rival, despite a dismal record of incompetence in every position he has held. In a party obsessed with identity politics, however, he is helped by his migrant heritage and Muslim faith, though it is richly ironic that Islam is just as opposed to same-sex marriage as the Free Church of Scotland. In general, his religious outlook has come under far less scrutiny than Kate Forbes’.  That points to a tremendous double standard at the heart of our society. Christianity might still be the officially established faith, but it receives far more suspicion and contempt than other mainstream religions. I ts tenets helped build our civilisation, yet many of our woke institutions see it as a kind of sinister cult whose symbols must be banished and adherents marginalised. When Rishi Sunak became Prime Minister, his strong attachment to Hinduism was regarded as an asset, even a cause for celebration. Yet in the 2017 General Election, Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron was treated as kind of “religious nutter”, to use his phrase, because of his evangelical Christianity. There is a worrying sense Britain could soon be a place where committed Christians are barred from office because some private convictions do not match the woke agenda. This country used to stipulate only followers of the established Anglican Church should be eligible for public employment.  Today, civic culture is increasingly adopting its own ideological purity tests to ensure rigid compliance with its dogma, with sincere Christians treated as subversive non-conformists. As the social justice revolutionaries tighten their grip, an Orwellian world beckons where freedoms are crushed and incorrect thoughts punished. Scotland has shown the way, recently passing hate crime legislation which even covered language in the private home. “Prejudice will not be tolerated,” cried the ruling SNP Government. The architect of the measure was Humza Yousaf. His rise to the top would confirm the triumph of dogmatic autocracy over liberty. 