Princess Eugenie's secret visit to Santa Monica recently has set off speculation that she and her husband Jack Brooksbank are house hunting in the swanky California town. The Duke of York's daughter, 32, made an incognito appearance at the Frieze LA VIP art show held at Santa Monica Airport, which sits just 90 minutes from the exclusive neighbourhood of Montecito, where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle live. The beachside city, which spans 8.3 square miles on the westside of Los Angeles County, has become a popular haunt for shopping, surfing and rubbing shoulders with Hollywood elites. If Eugenie were to follow in Harry and Meghan's footsteps and settle down in the fancy California neighbourhood, she would count the likes of Christian Bale, Tom Cruise and David Beckham as neighbours. However, keeping such company comes at a price. Santa Monica is home to one of the most expensive neighbourhoods in LA County. In fact, Santa Monica real estate consistently ranks among the most expensive in America. As of December 2021, the median sale price in Santa Monica was $1.91million, according to data from Realtor.com. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie following Harry to the US 'will only be a good thing for the royals' With updates to building codes allowing for more development opportunities, the value of single plots has increased over time, the data shows. Still, even before these changes, Santa Monica's median sale price has been on a steady climb, up 30 percent since this time five years ago. Property in the area also serves as a window into a dark past, when Charles Manson and his murderous cult operated within the area. In 2021, the house where Charles Manson's depraved followers killed Leno and Rosemary LaBianca in 1969 sold for $1.875million. DON'T MISSPrince Harry humiliates as Americans back William [LATEST]Mysterious death of champion swimmer investigated [REPORT]China 'could take out US' with spy balloon attack [INSIGHT] However, the past does not detract from the beach town's beauty, which has become a hotspot for its sunny weather, luxury property and laid-back surfer vibes. The rumour mill that Eugenie and Jack are considering relocating to California has been in overdrive since reports surfaced that cousin Prince Harry is sending them homes close to their own to look at. Eugenie is said to enjoy a close friendship with Prince Harry. READ MORE: Harry's closest royal friendship has 'endured' despite 'mixed loyalties' - claims  Harry and his wife, Meghan, live in the affluent Montecito neighbourhood, which is home to the likes of Adele, Kate Perry, and Orlando Bloom. The $14million home has been their permanent residence since stepping away from royal duties. Royal expert Nick Ede told Express Eugenie making the move across the Atlantic would be "good for the Royal Family", as well as a good thing for Harry and Meghan. Eugenie and Jack are said to be eyeing up West Hollywood, Los Angeles, for rental units before taking the plunge and relocating. The move may well be due to Eugenie's husband Jack's work, as the businessman is closely associated with US CEO Michael Meldman. Jack currently works for Meldman's Discovery Land Company in Portugal, and previously worked for Casamigos Tequila, one of the founders of which is Meldman. The Discovery Land Company develops luxury private residential communities for the rich and famous. Nick said: "Jack does really well in business, and he's a great guy. I think having them over there is going to be fantastic. Prince Harry is great friends with them, and Meghan is as well. I think sightings of Eugenie (in LA and Hollywood) will be great. She is great friends as well with the Branson family, Holly and the father, and the whole family."