The latest edition of The Good Doctor saw more drama for Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) and his wife Lea Dilallo (Paige Spara), but the twists will keep coming in the weeks ahead. After his exit at the start of the second season, Dr Jared Kulu (Chuku Modu) was confirmed to be making his triumphant return to the ABC drama in a gripping new teaser trailer. Jared will be coming back with a high-profile case for Shaun and the St Bonaventure residents next week. A gripping promo has revealed the friends’ long-awaited reunion, but, unfortunately, they won’t have much time for pleasantries. A synopsis for the episode, Old Friends, reads: “Dr Jared Kalu makes a surprise return to San Jose’s St Bonaventure Hospital with his billionaire patient. “Meanwhile, Alex Park (Will Yun Lee) must treat the man his wife had an affair with and try to find a way to forgive him.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV ABC viewers were thrilled to see the fan-favourite return in the sneak peek, and many of them took to social media in anticipation of the next episode. @cIaireffraser tweeted: “Dr Jared is gonna be back for the next episode!! A huge throwback to season one, yes!” @SheaSquad_ exclaimed: “Ohh Jared in the next episode! Cool!!” And @ArchLinHamada14 pondered: “So next week, Shaun will get to work with Jared again along with Asher and Dr. Andrews.” “I'm very curious what Jared and Dr. Andrews will say to each other ever since the debacle surrounding what happened to Claire back in season two.” When the teaser was posted on YouTube, James Garcia commented: “Wow… I’m so happy Jared is here. Even if it’s for an episode or two I’m here for it. “Would love to see him make a return to the show, since I haven’t seen him in any projects recently since the 100 went off on CW. “But maybe he’s doing something else. I would love for an original cast member to return.” DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [LATEST]NCIS Hawaii fans 'can't stop crying' over Lucy and Kate milestone [REACTION] Christopher Jove wrote: “No wayyy!!! Jared’s back! I was NOT expecting that! Let’s see what happens with this! [sic]” And @Bowserguy62 said: “I'm happy Jared is back, he was Shaun's support system and good friend and you can see his excitement.” Jared was originally fired from St Bonaventure for assaulting an employee who tried to take advantage of Dr Claire Browne (Antonia Thomas). Although Jared was only trying to protect his girlfriend and colleague, his actions led him to lose his job and he ultimately sued the hospital for discrimination. He was later rehired but decided to move to Denver Memorial Hospital at the start of season two in line with Modu landing a role on The CW drama The 100. Fans have more reason to celebrate Jared’s return, as TVLine has reported Modu will recur for the remainder of season six for a total of seven episodes. It’s unknown whether he’ll be back as a main cast member in season seven but, for now, there’ll be plenty of time for him to catch up with Shaun and the rest of the hospital’s residents. The Good Doctor season 6 continues Monday, February 27th on ABC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.