American tennis pro Varvara Lepchenko was issued with a “consent award” almost two years after testing positive for a banned substance during a routine drugs test. The former world No 19 was initially banned for four years but successfully appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport after finding a bottle of pills that did not label the banned substance on the bottle and will now have her period of ineligibility reduced to 21 months, to be lifted in May this year. Lepchenko returned a positive test containing metabolites of adrafinil and/or modafinil - non-Specified Substances prohibited by the World Anti Doping Agency and the Tennis Anti-Doping Programme - after providing a urine sample on 12 July 2021, in association with her participation in the WTA Hungarian Grand Prix held in Budapest, Hungary, from 12-18 July 2021. As a result, it was ruled last year that she would be banned for four years, back-dated to start from 19 August of that year. But the 36-year-old has now been issued with a “consent award” by the CAS after successfully appealing the decision to make her ineligible to compete for four years. According to the International Tennis Federation, Her appeal came on the basis that, after the hearing before the Independent Tribunal, she returned home and found, in the lining of a travel bag that had been stored away, a bottle of bemetil capsules that she had purchased in Ukraine in October 2020 and from which she had consumed capsules in the days prior to the event in Hungary. The ITF also confirmed that those capsules, and an unopened bottle independently sourced by the ITF, were sent for testing at a WADA-accredited laboratory, both of which were found to contain modafinil, which was not listed on the bottle label. As a result, all parties agreed that her period of ineligibility has been reduced to 21 months - still backdated to 19 August 2021 - which means she will be allowed to play from midnight on 18 May this year. JUST IN: Wimbledon told to keep Russia ban as 'Ukrainians still being killed'   It was also noted that the current violation is being treated as Lepchenko’s first for the purpose of sanction despite being her second Anti-Doping Rule Violation, because she bore No Fault or Negligence for the first incident. As well as reducing the 36-year-old’s ineligibility period and agreeing on the back-date, all parties also agreed - with the written approval of WADA - that the Ukrainian-American committed a violation of the programme. All ranking points and prize money obtained by Lepchenko at the tournament in Hungary and subsequent events prior to 27 July 2021 are also disqualified. The American, who used to represent Uzbekistan, last played an event on the week of 2 August 2021 at the WTA 125 tournament in Concord, Massachusetts. DON'T MISSJack Draper 'owes Murray a lot' as rising star discusses Davis CupBecker urged to return to Davis Cup after prison stint in Zverev pleaGerard Pique's Davis Cup slammed by Zverev after his £2.5bn deal ends She convincingly beat Tatjana Maria 6-0 6-3 in the first round, before falling to then-86th-ranked Vera Zvonareva in the round of 16. Her best showing of the 2021 season came after she provided WADA with the urine sample containing banned substances, meaning the points and prize money have now been removed. Lepchenko won the title at the WTA 125 LTP Ladies Open in Charleston, which started on the week of July 26, defeating compatriot Jamie Loeb in the final, 7-6(4) 4-6 6-4. 