Manchester United are reported to have passed up on an opportunity to sign a new right-back in January due to the upturn in form displayed by Aaron Wan-Bissaka. The former Crystal Palace star has been one of the Red Devils' brightest performers in recent weeks, supposedly leading the board to snub an attainable deal for Josip Juranovic. Fans feared the worst when starting right-back Diogo Dalot came back from the World Cup with a hamstring injury. Wan-Bissaka had been frozen out under Ten Hag after years of underwhelming performances at Old Trafford, but what happened next may have surprised even the boss himself. Wan-Bissaka returned to the side as a completely different animal. Sharp in possession, confident to take the ball in tight spaces and adventurous bombing down the right flank, the 25-year-old showed that he has what it takes to remain in Ten Hag's plans. That's despite reports leading up to the new year indicating that Wan-Bissaka would almost certainly be auctioned off in the January window. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims that preparation had even taken place to sign his replacement. JUST IN: Man Utd new boy Weghorst falls flat but sub pays off in Forest win "They had a right-back in their hands, ready to be signed in case Wan-Bissaka was going to leave," he explained via his YouTube channel. "That player was Josip Juranovic. Manchester United had Juranovic top of the list as back-up right-back for Diogo Dalot. Juranovic was a serious option. "The Manchester United board discussed his name. He was a concrete option. But then after waiting and waiting, they decided to keep Wan-Bissaka and the Juranovic deal collapsed. This is why it didn't happen, but for United, Juranovic was a concrete opportunity." DON'T MISS...Chelsea ruin chances of signing PSG trio after Hakim Ziyech 'shambles'All 14 players Everton failed to sign on transfer deadline dayArsenal boss Arteta's best XI after January transfer window  Juranovic played for the likes of Hajduk Split and Legia Warsaw before heading to Celtic in 2021. He impressed during his brief time in Scotland, notching two goal contributions in 10 Scottish Premiership games this term and performing capably at the World Cup with Croatia. He did eventually get his move away, joining Union Berlin in the final few days of the window for a reported £10million. It remains to be seen whether Wan-Bissaka will be able to keep up his sparkling form, or if another nosedive will prompt the Red Devils to dip back into their pockets during the summer. "He's picking up the coaching and he's making good progress from the start of the season until now," Ten Hag explained after a draw with Crystal Palace in January. "He was in a bad, I would say, situation because he was not fit. He had a lot of injuries, he had a couple of illnesses in the first half until November and things changed after the break, during the break, I would say. "He worked well in the pre-season before the second half of the season. He worked well in the training camp, he had then some good performances in the games, and I think he's making good progress."