The Bank of England's Base Rate has leapt to new highs, leaving many to question what this could mean for their savings. This typically means better news for savers as it can have a positive impact on the interest rates offered, however, one expert explains why not all savers benefit straight away. The Bank of England has been increasing the Base Rate to help stem the UK’s significant 10.5 percent inflation rate. The target is to reduce inflation to two percent and by increasing the interest rate, it makes spending and borrowing more expensive and saving more rewarding, which should, in theory, reduce the rate of inflation as the demand for goods decreases. However, how banks and building societies respond to the Base Rate increases is at their own discretion. Lucinda O’Brien, savings expert at money.co.uk, said: “In theory, rising interest rates are good for savers, as they should mean that your savings increase at a greater rate. If your savings account tracks the Bank of England rate, then you’ll benefit in full from any increases.” READ MORE: Interactive map shows where house prices plummeting the most  However, she noted: “For other accounts, it’s up to banks and building societies how much of the increases they pass on to savers. Despite this, the increases mean that on the whole, it’s still a good time to save, with better deals available.” While the Base Rate was only 0.25 percent in January 2022, the current Bank of England forecast is that rates could rise to 5.2 percent by the end of 2023. Ms O’Brien said: “Despite increasing interest rates creating challenges for those who owe money, savers can benefit massively from this increase. However, many high street easy access savings accounts may not pass on the interest rate rise, meaning you’d be unlikely to see any large increase in interest overnight. “To feel the maximum benefit of the hike, you should move your money to a higher-interest fixed-rate savings account and keep it there.” DON'T MISS: British Gas under investigation for force-fitting prepayment meters [INSIGHT]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    How to get the best interest rates on savings accounts As always, analysts suggest people shop around to get an idea of the best deals possible on savings accounts to see where they can get the highest returns. Ms O’Brien said: “Switching is usually an easy process that can be completed within minutes online, so it’s worth looking into.” People could also look out for bonus rates that are offered to attract new savers. These can be a fast and simple way to give savings an additional boost, however, Ms O’Brien pointed out that it’s important to note when the bonus period ends to avoid being “caught out”. She said: “You also need to think about how long you’re happy to lock your savings away for and how easily you need to access them. For example, a fixed rate account may have a good rate, but with things changing so rapidly at the moment, you may want to change in a few months.” READ MORE: Now is a good time to move savings accounts and get up to 4.7%  But while easy access accounts may offer lower rates, these can allow greater flexibility and typically permit free and easy withdrawals whenever necessary. Ms O’Brien said: “That kind of flexibility could be very useful in the current climate, where switching accounts frequently could be beneficial.” She added that it could be “wise” to diversify funds to get the best of both worlds. Ms O’Brien explained: “Keep an emergency fund in an easy-access account to ensure simple last-minute withdrawals if needed while moving the rest to the top-rated fixed-rate savings account to best benefit from high interest on your savings.” Personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, Alice Haine, described those with savings languishing in accounts offering lower interest rates as “missing out”, warning people should act “sooner” to secure the best deals while they’re there. This is due to market analysts forecasting that savings interest rates may have reached their peak. Ms Haine said: “Another rate rise could push rates up higher, particularly if banks get competitive in an effort to attract new customers. However, with inflation expected to drop significantly by the end of this year and interest rates near or at the peak, the sooner savers act the better to ensure they secure the best deals while they are still live.”  However, she noted: “Funnelling all of your spare money into savings accounts can have big tax consequences. The combination of higher interest rates and frozen or lower thresholds on income tax means some basic-rate taxpayers are at now risk of busting their Personal Savings Allowance, which allows them to receive up to £1,000 of interest tax-free. “Those paying the higher 40 percent tax rate are in even more danger as the allowance drops down to £500, while additional tax rate payers – those subject to the 45 percent income tax band - receive no concession at all.” She added that a “whole cohort” of higher earners will shortly lose their Personal Savings Allowance “altogether”, as the threshold for paying the 45 percent income tax band is about to drop from £150,000 to £125,140 in April. Ms Haine said it makes it “imperative” for people to hunt out more tax-efficient options for savings, such as investing in cash ISAs instead or transferring savings to a spouse if they are subject to a lower tax band. 