Briony May Williams candidly spoke to Express.co.uk about her life after The Great British Bake Off as she revealed she is now “riding the wave”. Following her successful run on the hit cooking show Briony went on to take part in other huge gigs, including presenting Escape to the Country and Food Unwrapped. Now, the celebrity chef has explained how the show impacted her career, confessing she is “having the time of my life”. Briony said: “[Bake Off has] completely changed my life and I'm having the best time ever. “I just feel like I’m riding the wave as long as it will take me, and grabbing every opportunity that comes my way. Because it’s just great.” Before her huge TV success, Briony was a teacher after studying Spanish and French at Durham University. She highlighted how the skills she gained through her teaching experience have helped her with her new TV gigs. Briony said: “I taught French and Spanish before at secondary school and I think the skills are quite transferrable into TV presenting almost - talking to people and talking in front of people. “And I’m a very personable person, I love chatting to people, so it works for me in terms of my personality. “I’m having the time of my life and long may it last.” Elsewhere in the interview, Briony opened up about the fateful moment she decided to start baking in order to keep herself busy. She lifted the lid on the hardship that motivated her to give baking a go a decade ago, long before her turn in the hit show. Briony began baking in 2013 after being diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), which forced her to stay off work for a while. She recounted: “I only started like five years before I was on Bake Off. I’d baked when I was younger but actually properly baking I started in 2013. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] “I was off work - I wasn’t very well - and they kept misdiagnosing me. It wasn’t anything serious, it was polycystic ovarian syndrome. “But, you know, it was making me feel very unwell. So, one of my colleagues at the school I was working at said, ‘Why don’t you try baking to keep your mind occupied?’ “I find it very therapeutic. I think it's very methodical, following recipes and then you get a nice, yummy baked good at the end of it. “Having something that you produce after all your effort… “I don’t know it’s something that helped keep me very calm," Briony added. On how her baking skills evolved, the TV star elaborated: “That got me into it and then it just went from there, really. “And then I started making people’s birthday cakes and started getting into novelty cakes, and I just really loved it.”