Camilla and King Charles were welcomed by dancers and a cheering crowd as they arrived in Brick Lane, east London. Their Majesties appeared in high spirits as they shook hands with royal fans waving the Union Jack and followed the performers creating a colourful spectacle. The King and Queen Consort paid a visit to the heart of London's Bangladeshi community to meet charities, businesses and individuals who played a key part in the anti-racism movement of the 1960s and 1970s. Their visit began at Altab Ali Park, named after a Bangladeshi textile worker who was stabbed to death in 1978 in a racially motivated attack. While on a walk to the Shaheed Minar monument, Charles and Camilla spoke to young people in the community whose projects include anti-racism, preserving the Bangla language and working for the Altab Ali Foundation. The Shaheed Minar monument is a replica of the one constructed in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, to pay tribute to those killed during the Bengali Language Movement demonstrations in 1952. Their Majesties planted a tree, a Dodoens Elm, in honour of the memory of Altab Ali. Once they arrived at Brick Lane the King and Queen Consort took in the the Banglatown arch and the new street mural The Land is Calling, before being accompanied by the dance procession to the Graam Bangla restaurant. Here they spent time with women READ MORE: Kate will never host an investiture as only three royals given honour Other stops on the outing include the Brick Lane Mosque, where the royals will meet a local author to learn about the building's fascinating history. It originally served as a Church when it was first built by French Huguenots in 1743, before it was converted to a Synagogue in the 19th century and then became a Mosque in 1976. The building reflects the varied communities in the area, as the borough Tower Hamlets has one of the most diverse populations in the country. DON'T MISS:Princess Kate shows off her sporty as she gives tyre pulling a go [LATEST]Christian Atsu's 'whereabouts unconfirmed' as agent issues update [UPDATES]Brussels readies for Brexit showdown with UK over EU citizens blunder [INSIGHT] The Queen Consort stepped out for the visit in a stunning white winter coat and silver brooch, the same coat she wore to Kate Middleton's Together at Christmas carol service in December. The coat is Fiona Clare couture, meaning it is not available to purchase for most royal fans wanting to copy Camilla's style for February. She paired the coat with black suede boots designed by Russell and Bromley in order to keep out the cold.