The Good Doctor returned for its sixth outing in October 2022 with Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) facing new challenges in his personal life. ABC viewers are already excited to see what's going to happen next to Shaun and his friends and colleagues at St Bonaventure Hospital. Here's all there is to know about when to watch the next instalment. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Good Doctor. The Good Doctor season six continued with its 13th instalment, 39 Differences, on Monday, February 13, on ABC. The heartwarming drama typically airs a new episode every Monday night in the same time slot. However, fans will be disappointed to know that the latest episode of The Good Doctor won't be airing this evening, Monday, February 20. There is no need to be concerned though as the hiatus won't be for very long. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal The Good Doctor will return for season six, episode 14, on Monday, February 27, on ABC. So there is only one more week to wait until more is to come from Shaun and the rest of the team. Entitled Hard Heart, the synopsis reads: "When a three-year-old arrives at the ER, the team immediately recognizes he is having a stroke. "However, Dr Shaun Murphy’s diagnosis of the underlying cause doesn’t solve the problem which has Dr Park search deeper." This isn't the first time The Good Doctor has taken a break during this sixth series. In October 2022, after airing just five instalments, the medical drama was away from the small screen for a month. Then there was another month-long break over the festive period so fans are used to these waiting periods. When The Good Doctor was last seen, Shaun was concerned about his relationship with Lea Dilallo (Paige Spara). DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [EXPLAINER]The Good Doctor season 6 won't air next week in ABC shake-up [REVEALED]The Good Doctor’s Shaun faces parenting concerns in promo [TEASER] Shaun and Lea are expecting their first child but struggled with the idea of them having different parenting styles. This led him to think that the presence of a baby is going to make them bicker and eventually break up, even questioning Dr Aaron Glassman (Richard Schiff) about his previous relationship failings. But what they both reminded Shaun of was the fact they have had a number of arguments over the years and their relationship has kept intact. So while nothing is guaranteed, they have been doing very well as a couple so far and will try their best to stick together throughout this next chapter too. Season six of The Good Doctor is already more than midway through. ABC announced last year that there would be a total of 22 episodes to look forward to. Depending on if the show will have anymore breaks, fans could expect the series to end sometime in early-mid April 2023. The Good Doctor season six continues on Monday, February 27, on ABC in the USA.