Priscilla Presley, 77, has shared a lengthy statement with TMZ slamming Bam Margera, 43, after claims he received Elvis Presley's robe and ring during a recent get-together. The Hollywood star said that what Bam claimed to have been gifted actually belonged to him, not her late ex-husband. Yela Wolf, an American rapper, took to Instagram four days ago to share a lengthy post claiming to have been given "Elvis' robes and a ring" by Bam, thanking Priscilla for the gift. Bam and Priscilla unexpectedly met up a few weeks ago, with the Jackass star posting all about the surprise meet online. Priscilla has now shared a blistering statement, shutting down Bam's claims, calling the star out for "betraying" the family with the false narrative and "filming in their home without consent". Priscilla admitted that her son Navarone had asked for a "new friend" to come over, but had no idea it was Bam "or that later he would choose to post photos and false stories". READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap The statement continued: "Unbeknownst to us at the time, Bam chose to circulate those photos accompanied by false information and storytelling. "After what Bam has chosen to do, my son and I want no further communication with him. I consider him a dishonest and unstable individual. I had no idea who he was or that he was filming in my home without my consent." She also claimed that the robe didn't belong to Elvis, and the ring was actually one of Bam's. She concluded her statement: "At no time during the visit did I give him anything of Elvis'. I still have everything he ever touched. "I would never disrespect Elvis who was the love of my life by giving away anything that belonged to him. I have always protected them for the fans. "Elvis belonged to all of you and I cherish my life with him too much to ever squander anything." She also shared that she hopes Bam "gets the help he needs and does what is right", with him now releasing an apology on Instagram. It read: "I want to apologize to @priscillapresley and Navarone Presley for my behaviour. DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [COMMENT] Richard Hammond skewers ‘mean’ Jeremy Clarkson over farm produce [INSIGHT] Marie Osmond reflects on ‘miracle’ second chance with first husband [HOLLYWOOD]  "I’m very sorry and embarrassed, and I can’t apologize enough for acting like a jackass. "Navarone gave me a robe and ring that I gave Phil to be a part of Phil’s Elvis stuff. "I’m making Navarone a $10,000 Heartagram necklace because I love his band @themguns with hopes to record and tour. I’m sorry." Bam posted snaps from the unexpected meet last week, less than a month after the death of Priscilla's daughter Lisa Marie. Priscilla posed next to her son Navarone's friend as they sat side-by-side on a grey studded booth. A second image showed the former spouse of the late King of Rock ’n’ Roll seemingly showing her photos of his five-year-old daughter, Phoenix Wolf Margera. Bam also uploaded two snaps with Priscilla's son Navarone on a fun night out last Monday. According to the aforementioned publication, Bam is "actually friends" with Lisa Marie's half-brother, who recently opened up about getting clean from hard drugs and opioids in 2020.