British Airways research looked at data to find the best destination for a family holiday. The team analysed accommodation, activities and restaurants to locate the perfect spot. READ MORE: UK’s top staycation destination has ‘Med worthy beaches’ The winning family destination was Krakow in Poland, which had plenty of suitable restaurants and rooms. Krakow’s pretty Old Town is home to the largest medieval market square in Europe, which is now packed with cafes and restaurants. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “This is truly a beautiful city. The square is large with lots of historical beautiful things to see. “It is impeccably clean and the people we met were friendly and helpful. I would thoroughly recommend this city.” A BA spokesperson said: “In addition to its rich historical heritage, Krakow also offers plenty for parents to enjoy with young children, including the theme park Engerylandia and History Land, an interactive museum that uses LEGO and virtual reality to tell stories about Poland’s history.” Portugal’s capital city, Lisbon, was ranked the second best destination in the world for families with toddlers. The spokesperson said: “Younger members of the family can get a taste of history in one of Europe’s oldest cities by trying Portugal’s famously delicious pasteis de nata, or learn about science and technology at Lisbon’s Science Museum.” Britons might struggle with the pram in Lisbon, as it is one of Europe’s hilliest cities, packed with cobbled streets. READ MORE: UK’s most romantic camping destination is ‘beautiful’ Outside of Europe, Dubai was ranked the best destination for British tourists holidaying with toddlers. The BA spokesperson said: “While it’s famed for incredible skyscrapers and a wide selection of shopping malls, Dubai also offers a variety of attractions for parents to enjoy with young children. “Don’t miss the Wild Wadi World Waterpark and sounds of Motiongate’s Hollywood-inspired theme park.” New York took the fourth spot while Madeira in Portugal, sometimes known as Europe’s Hawaii, rounded off the top five.