Jon Snow presented his final edition of Channel 4 News after 32 years at the helm of the programme in December 2021. The 75-year-old, who is one of the UK's longest-serving TV news presenters, described the role as the "greatest privilege of my life". Since his departure from the news programme he has presented a two-part documentary on Channel 4 about ageing and has launched his own weekly podcast, Snowcast. The veteran journalist is also set to publish his book, The State of Us, about news and social inequality. Jon admitted that while he has been keeping busy but there is not much work around for the broadcaster. Speaking in a new interview with Radio Times, when asked if he ever planned to take a rest, he remarked: "No, thank you. READ MORE: Battered Dan Walker has 'no memory' of bike accident "Everything is tickety-boo except there isn't quite as much work as I'd like. I'm on the lookout for more." When asked, "more", Jon replied: "Yes. You can't put your feet up anyway when you've got a two-year-old. "They'll be sitting on your feet before you can even put them even halfway up." Jon and his wife Dr Precious Lunga, 48, welcomed their son via surrogate in 2021.   In March, Jon announced the birth of his son in a statement. The TV journalist said he and his wife used a surrogate after "numerous medical setbacks and miscarriages". At the time, the presenter said he and Precious were "delighted" to announce their baby boy's arrival. Jon also has two older daughters from his first marriage to former partner Madeleine Colvin. DON'T MISS... Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies[LATEST]Jane McDonald reacts to Emmerdale referencing her[TV]'I must apologise' John Cleese after Fawlty Towers news sparks upset[TWITTER] The on-screen journalist also addressed claims he had been pushed out of Channel 4 following his exit, which he shut down. "I'd always known there'd be an endpoint, and it probably was the right time," he told the publication. "I was well past 70 - or maybe not well past 70, but past 70 anyway." He added that when he got to 65 "no one said anything" and he "could breathe again". Jon joined Channel 4 News after serving as ITN's Washington correspondent and diplomatic editor in the 1980s. As well as being a fixture in the nightly programme's London studio, the job has taken him around the world to report on stories including the fall of the Berlin Wall, the release of Nelson Mandela and Barack Obama's inauguration. The programme has won 10 Bafta TV awards during his tenure, while Jon received Bafta's Richard Dimbleby Award for the best factual contribution to television in 2005, and the Bafta Fellowship - the organisation's highest accolade - in 2015. You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times out now.