Police divers have been pictured entering the River Wyre in Lancashire, close to where Nicola Bulley was last seen, after receiving a tip-off from a member of the public. The 45-year-old mortgage adviser has been missing more than three weeks.   A picture taken today showed one diver in the water and another on the bank, with a crime scene investigation team also arriving just after 2pm. A helicopter was spotted hovering overhead, while a third photograph showed lead investigator Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith at the scene. A photographer at the scene told the Mirror: "It all happened so fast. READ MORE: Police seal off ‘all roads’ close to where Nicola Bulley went missing "Police have sealed all the roads off. "It's fair to say a massive search is underway." Police are understood to have sealed off a nearby road after receiving a call at about 11.50am. Ms Bulley has not been seen since the morning of the day in question, with her mobile phone found on a bench by the river and her spaniel, Willow, running free nearby. The site of the search is thought to be less than a mile away. Lancashire Police have said their "main hypothesis" is that the mother-of-two fell in the river. Previous searches extending out to Morecambe Bay have found no trace of her. They have faced significant criticism this week after revealing Ms Bulley's "vulnerabilities" had prompted them to earmark her as a "high risk" case. They subsequently revealing she had problems with alcohol triggered by the menopause. Peter Faulding, one of a team of divers who conducted a search of the river, has said he would have adapted his approach had he been told by police of her difficulties. He said: "I would normally be given that information to make my job easier and deploy the appropriate resources to do that search." Express.co.uk has contacted Lancashire Police for details. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express