From kids toys to sports equipment, some items which are usually hand washed may actually benefit from being placed in the dishwasher for a cycle. While all appliances vary and you should refer to your manufacturer’s instructions if you are unsure, household appliance experts at Whirlpool® have shared seven items which can be placed in the dishwasher. A dishwasher can help you tidy your kitchen by cleaning more than just dishes and cookware. If you’ve had a spill in the microwave, you can often add the turntable to the dishwasher to give it a proper clean. Whirlpool® also said silicone trivets with food splatters and stains could also be added if they clearly state they are suitable for the dishwasher. The experts noted: “It’s also possible to give your kitchen’s cleaning tools a quick spruce up with the help of your dishwasher. Scrub brushes used to clean your dishes can be added to the utensil holder of your dishwasher. “To freshen up kitchen sponges, you can add them to the top rack of your dishwasher.” READ MORE: ‘Most effective’ method to remove limescale from kettles If you have a large dishwasher, make use of the extra space and add kitchen cleaning tools to save filling up the kitchen sink. The accessories in your bathroom may harbour lots of bacteria, with some needing to be cleaned every day, meaning they will benefit from a dishwasher cycle. This included items such as toothbrush holders, soap dispensers and soap dishes which can be placed on the top rack. The experts said you can also add small plastic shower caddies in your appliance to help remove mildew and mould growth. DON'T MISS:I tried Kärcher’s most advanced window vacuum - thoughts [VIDEO]Three steps to ensure ‘bigger’ and ‘juicier’ tomatoes this year [EXPERT]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [EXPLAINER] 3. Kids toys and accessories The pros at Whirlpool® explained: “You may be able to give your child’s favourite cups, placemats and even some plastic toys a thorough cleaning by running them through the dishwasher. “Toys made with thick plastic like bath toys are typically dishwasher safe and can be added to the top rack along with a load of dishes. “Never place toys with electronic components in the dishwasher. Always check product labels to ensure that these items are safe to clean in your dishwasher.” Surprisingly, some home decor items may benefit from a clean inside your dishwasher. This includes light fixtures, vases, candle holders, outlet covers, pencil cups and even small bins, depending on their material. READ MORE: Four houseplants best for removing ‘mould’ and ‘other toxins’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Materials such as wood, non-stainless steel and some plastics should never be washed in a dishwasher, and it is best to always refer to the instructions on the product. When placing home decor items in the dishwasher, make sure they are stable and not at risk of falling over to avoid breakage. Depending on the material of your pet’s toys and food bowls, they may be able to be placed in the dishwasher for a deep clean. According to the pros, pet toys made of hard plastic and rubber are typically dishwasher safe and should be placed onto the top rack. Treat jars and food bowls made of ceramic can also typically be placed for a deep clean, although double check just to make sure. To avoid cross-contamination, Britons may opt to wash pet items separately from family plates and dishes. The experts explained: “From mouth guards to golf balls, you may be able to clean your family’s sports equipment in the dishwasher. Items like athletic cups, shin guards, mouth guards and golf balls might benefit from being cleaned through a dishwasher cycle. You may want to separate plastic or rubber pieces from any foam or fabric before cleaning them in a dishwasher as it is not recommended to use a dishwasher to wash fabric items.” Always remember to check care labels and product websites just to make sure they are safe to be cleaned in the appliance. Hair brushes and combs can collect build up from your hair products, which can often be hard to clean, especially if there is a lot of hair too. Plastic brushes and combs however, can often be washed in the dishwasher after they have been cleaned to remove hair. The household appliance can also help to clean metal manicure and pedicure tools to help keep them sanitary. Just make sure not to place any grooming tools with wooden handles or natural bristles in the dishwasher.