Earlier this month, You made its long-awaited comeback to screens with season four of Joe Goldberg’s (played by Penn Badgley) obsessive antics. Despite the new location and cast, fans were left raging after the charming stalker was handed a new identity.  After killing his wife Love Quinn (Victoria Pedretti) and faking his death, Joe relocated to Paris to find Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle). However, their reunion in London was far from joyous as she rushed back to France to be with her daughter. Little did he know, as he was busy tracking Marienne, Joe was being followed by a private investigator Elliot Tannenberg (Adam James). Through a series of flashbacks, Joe narrated their interaction and revealed Elliot was hired by Love’s father, Ray Quinn (Michael Reilly Burke). READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Although Elliot was tasked with killing Joe, the PI had no interest in murdering him and instead gave him an envelope containing his new identity. As a result, Joe became Jonathan Moore, an American Literature professor. While this was a major plot twist, some fans were unimpressed with the storyline and took to social media with complaints. Taking to a fan page on Reddit, u/Jonny559 question the plot as “lazy writing,” and wrote: “It felt a little too convenient that an assassin was sent after Joe and instead of killing him just gives him a whole new identity.”   In the comments, u/Affectionate-Sand838 agreed: “Joe definitely gets a lot of things just handed to him, just like his new identity as a college professor, lol.” (sic) U/Playful_Succotash_30 complained: “Yeah that seemed very unrealistic.” A third fan u/Faithyang2002 added: “Yeah makes no sense that this random pi would spare him because he has a change of heart lmao.” (sic). An angered u/BuckingBeasts stated: “I was more annoyed that the killer figured out Joe’s identity without any sort of explanation.”  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [THEORY]You season 4 fans 'work out' Eat the Rich killer accomplice identity [REACTION]You boss shares real reason Joe Goldberg ditched murder in season 4 [INSIGHT]  While u/jaceyktheone678 suggested: “I think they really need to touch base on it more in Part 2. “Ray Quinn somehow knew Joe was alive, he can’t be the only one in the US. I think they’ll expand on this more hopefully.” As Elliot knew Marienne was also aware Joe had faked his death, he told Joe to kill her so any trace of his life didn’t get back to Ray. Although he agreed to fulfill the task, Joe just snatched Marienne’s necklace and watched as she boarded the train.   He then sent a picture of the jewellery to Elliot as evidence he had killed her. Although Joe had turned over a new leaf and was looking forward to his new life in London, death wasn’t far away. After he discovered the dead body of his friend Malcolm (Stephen Hagan), Joe disposed of the body and realised he was being framed. Following a series of anonymous and cryptic messages Joe realised Rhys Montrose (Ed Speelers) was behind the “Eat the Rich” murders.  You season 4 part 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Part 2 will premiere on Thursday, March 9. 