Top Brexiteers have accused the Government of selling out after the UK held a secret summit on improving relations with the EU. The two sides held a private cross-party summit entitled: "How can we make Brexit work better with our neighbours in Europe?" Veteran backbencher John Redwood and former UKIP leader Nigel Farage accused the Government of using the conference to "sellout" to the EU. Meanwhile, former Brexit negotiator Lord Frost called for the Government to "fully and enthusiastically embrace" Brexit, rather than trying to fix it behind closed doors. Mr Redwood told the Daily Express: "The advice I've got for the Government is the only language the EU understands, I'm afraid, is when you're strong. "So what we need to do to complete Brexit, which is what the people want, is to push through the Northern Ireland Protocol legislation through the Lords because it passed through the Commons with a big majority. We need an independent solution to Northern Ireland. "It's quite obvious after all these years that the EU is trying to utilise Northern Ireland rather than seeking a proper solution." He called for the Government to be "extremely firm", adding: "I'm recommending a much more positive approach to Brexit because most Brexit voters feel they haven't got Brexit. "They've been let down because the EU has made life extremely difficult and the UK Government has been too sensitive to EU views and not sensitive enough to Brexit voter views." Writing on Twitter, he added: "Instead of talking of sellout at private conferences the UK establishment needs to complete Brexit and use its freedoms." Meanwhile, Mr Farage said: "The full sellout of Brexit is underway", accusing the Tory party of having "never believed in it". Lord Frost added: "Brexit doesn’t need 'fixing'. "It needs this Conservative government, elected with a huge mandate on a Brexit programme, to fully and enthusiastically embrace its advantages instead of leaving the field to those who never wanted it in the first place." The discussions, first revealed by the Observer, involved frontbench MPs from both main parties, as well as diplomats, foreign policy experts and prominent business figures. Senior Tory Michael Gove took part in the meeting, held last week at Ditchley Park country house in Oxfordshire.  David Lammy and John Healey, two senior members of the Labour party, also attended the two-day gathering. Delegates were told there was now a view among "some at least, that so far the UK has not found its way forward outside the EU". A source told the Mirror: "The main thrust of it was that Britain is losing out, that Brexit is not delivering, our economy is in a weak position". The summit comes three years on from the UK's exit from the European Union. 