Other detectives on the BBC series have typically done stints of two seasons on the show, and for a while now viewers have been preparing for Neville's (played by Ralf Little) exit. The actor hasn't publicly alluded to moving on, but that hasn't stopped Death in Paradise fans from predicting which famous face might be the next lead detective. Betting company Ladbrooks has revealed the front-runner to replace Ralf. The Inbetweeners star Simon Bird is the current favourite to step onto Saint Marie as a new detective. With odds of 5/1, it seems plenty of viewers see the actor as a good fit for the role. Diane Morgan is close behind at 6/1, with Matthew Horne (8/1), Romesh Ranganathan (9/1), and Jodie Whittaker (10/1) also in the running. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain Given Commission Selwyn Patterson's (Don Warrington) scathing comments to DI Karen Flitcroft (Jaye Griffiths) in Friday night's episode, she is rated at 16/1 with the bookies for the job permanently. Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "Death in Paradise viewers have fallen in love with Neville Parker over the last few years. "The new DI will need to have their own quirks like those previous have, and it looks like Simon Bird could fit the bill very well." A wide selection of actors have stepped into the role previously, with former DI Humphrey Goodman star Kris Marshall soon reprising his role in spin-off series, Beyond Paradise. Humphrey left the island to start a new life with Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) after the pair finally became an item once he moved back to London. Kris took over from Ben Miller on Death in Paradise back in 2014. After his exit, Ardal O’Hanlon replaced him, and each new detective attracts audiences in their unique ways. Best known for playing socially awkward Will on The Inbetweeners, Simon might bring a different energy to the role, whilst not being too dissimilar to Neville. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Homes demands Prince Harry 'grow a pair' over William row [LATEST]BBC Breakfast host issues apology after Charlie puts co-star 'on spot' [VIDEO]Rescue dog Vespa steals the show with BBC Breakfast appearance [REACTION] Fans are more certain than ever Neville won't be sticking around on the island for much longer. The series continued on Friday, with Neville still in prison after he was arrested. He was suspected of murdering David Cartwright (Patrick Kennedy) and the team were desperate to prove his innocence. A teaser for the upcoming season finale seems to suggest Neville will leave following the unexpected twist. In the preview for the season finale, Neville is seen drowning his sorrows at a bar, as he confessed: "A murder took place right under my nose and I didn't notice anything. "What if my instincts let me down again on a case, on this case?" He later tells Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington): "I think it's maybe time to call it a day." To which Selwyn says: "You want to leave Sainte Marie?" Fans might find out sooner rather than later who could be the next detective on the Caribbean island. Death in Paradise continues on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.