Stefanos Tsitsipas has been overwhelmingly backed by Express Sport readers to win a Grand Slam title after coming up short against Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open final last month. The Greek ace reached his second Major final Down Under but couldn’t topple Djokovic, who drew level with Rafael Nadal at the top of the men’s Grand Slam all-time title standings courtesy of a 22nd triumph. Tsitsipas has become one of the best tennis players in the world in recent years and progressed to the final of the French Open in 2021, before succumbing to Djokovic despite taking a two-set lead. The 24-year-old has especially excelled at the Australian Open and reached his first final Down Under this year after exiting the tournament at the semi-final stage on three occasions. But the player was no match for his Serbian opponent as Djokovic won 6-3 7-6 7-6. Tsitsipas has risen to No 3 in the world following his endeavours, however, and will now have his sights on winning his maiden Grand Slam title later this year. According to our readers, Tsitsipas has all the attributes to succeed at the very top of the game as a staggering 83.5 per cent of the 10,515 people who took our poll are confident that he will win at least one Grand Slam during his career. MUST READ: Serena Williams 'not happy' with final match amid retirement 'pain'  Tsitsipas will get the opportunity to go for glory once again at the end of May when the French Open gets underway in Paris. But he will have to show improvements at Wimbledon and the US Open if he has any intentions of winning those titles as he has never progressed past the fourth round in SW19 and the third round in New York. “I'm just happy that I'm in another Grand Slam final,” Tsitsipas said after his defeat to Djokovic in Melbourne. “Of course, I was dreaming about the trophy, lifting that trophy. I even dreamt it last night in my sleep. The desire is really there. I really, really want it badly. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic to play US Open as Biden U-turns and Nadal gets wishDjokovic 'misunderstood' as Nadal relationship compared to FedererDjokovic's Slam hopes analysed as pro slams GOAT debate with Nadal   “But just dreaming about it won't make it happen. You got to act. You got to do something out there. You got to be present even more and do better. [It is] definitely much better playing finals than being stuck behind in the semi-finals. I'll take that for sure. I just need to take that one more step where I can consistently lift trophies and win Slams and Masters 1000 events. “I am born a champion. I can feel it in my blood. I can feel it as a competitive kid that I was when I was young. It's something that is within me. I want to harvest that, make it bloom, make it even stronger and fonder, work hard towards those goals.” 