Nathan Fillion currently stars on ABC’s hit procedural drama, The Rookie as the proud police officer, John Nolan. With viewers eager to meet the actor at an upcoming fan convention, Nathan took to Instagram with a snuffling apology.  The annual Fan Expo kicks off this week between Friday and Sunday, welcoming thousands of hardcore fans for three days of attractions and the ability to meet celebrities. Just days before he was scheduled to attend, Nathan took to Instagram to reveal he would no longer be able to show up, due to ill health. The actor sniffled through his apology video proving he was under the weather with a cold. He explained: “You’re saying, ‘Nathan, your usual tones sound a little more baritone and nasally than usual’. READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain    “Yes, that’s true. What is also true, is that I’ve come down with a cold.” Addressing his 1.3 million followers, Nathan confirmed: “I will not be attending this weekend’s Portland Comic-Con. “Trust me, you don’t want any of this,” the actor added as he emphasised his illness with a strained sniff. Additionally, Nathan took to the caption with a further explanation, which reads: “Ladies and gentlemen of the greater Oregon area.   “Although I was very much looking forward to seeing you all this weekend, I have fallen ill and will not be able to attend the Convention in Portland. “I am crestfallen. I am heartbroken. I am also full of snot and have a fever. Next time!” Despite the disappointment, fans took to Nathan’s comments with well-wishes and praise for his decision. An upset @jonathandgibson wrote: “Ah. That sucks. I was really looking forward to meeting you.” DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert astonished by huge profit on £15 sculpture [INSIGHT]The Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tribute [REACTION]The Rookie's Nathan Fillion 'beside himself' in career announcement [INSIGHT]  A second fan @indashomeserviceswi added: “Sorry to hear that you are ill. But I give you a big shout-out for being responsible enough to stay home and not pass on the virus.” A forgiving @mk_nw remarked: “Then I'm no longer sad that I couldn't attend!” @ebenauminne commented: “Nathan, Get well soon and best wishes for a Speedway-Rennen recovery.” As @bethvga stated: “You poor guy! Feel better soon!”    A sixth fan @sunshine_2124 shared: “Bummer! I was excited to see you there. Hope you make it to another one. Feel better!” (sic) As well as sadness for Nathan’s cancellation, The Rookie viewers were recently moved to tears after Annie Wersching made a posthumous appearance in the most recent episode. She starred alongside Nathan’s character John, as the serial killer Rosalind Dyer. As the drama paid tribute to Annie with a title card, fans flooded social media with touching tribute messages. The Rookie season 5 continues Tuesdays on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK. 