Derek Chisora left ex-Love Island contestants Paige Thorne and Antigoni Buxton in hysterics after his comments about Tommy Fury. The 39-year-old teased the pair by claiming that ‘they love’ their fellow reality television star in a playful encounter. The interaction came while all three were in attendance for KSI’s return to the ring last August when the British YouTube star defeated two men on the same night. KSI kicked off his own card by knocking out rapper Swarmz before closing the show three hours later with another stoppage win against 2-6 professional boxer Luis Alcaraz Pineda. After his victories, the British YouTube star took to the mic and called out a number of well-known influencers including Slim, Andrew Tate, the winner of Austin McBroom vs AnEsonGib, and Tommy Fury. Weighing in on the possibility of a clash between KSI and the latter, Chisora told Boxing Social: “I’d like to see that, one hundred per cent, let’s make that happen. What’s Tommy Fury done in the last two years? Nothing,” said Chisora as he turned to Love Island contestants Paige and Antigoni who were also attending the event. “Hey, they know Tommy Fury, these ladies here, one, two Love Island ladies, they’ve been on that Tommy Fury nonsense. I’m joking. They love Tommy Fury, not that one, she’s my wife no, no, no,” continued the Londoner as he pointed at his wife while the two girls giggled. When asked who he thought would win the fight, Chisora replied: “KSI. Smoke him. You know, Tommy Fury will not fight KSI because he knows if he loses to KSI the traveller community will never ever respect him and KSI will knock him out.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury and Paul stats show one fighter is clearly the bigger puncher Chisora willing to place eye-watering Paul vs Froch bet Inside Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriends after amounting £400m Fury and KSI could end up squaring off if Fury beats fierce rival Jake Paul this weekend. KSI, who is lining up a fight with Paul at the back end of this year, admits that if The Problem Child loses then he will pursue a match-up with Fury instead. "At that point I'd probably have to fight Tommy Fury instead of Jake," KSI said during a recent Twitter space. "If Tommy beats Jake, then I don't think that's the money fight any more. For me it's always about being the best, I have a goal of fighting three fights this year and I'd have to do more than I said I would do [to fight both]. "I'm a busy guy, there's only so much I can do. People forget that boxing isn't everything, I've got Sidemen stuff, uploads on my YouTube channel, I've still got to release music, do tours and festivals etc so for me the goal is fighting the best at the end of the year and if it's Tommy or if it's Jake we get it cracking. That's why I always say it's all on the line, every fight is dangerous." But in order to secure the fight Fury will have to do it twice with a rematch clause signed into his contract with Paul in the event that he wins on February 26.