Jon Kay, 53, appeared on BBC Breakfast this morning with a multicolored floral tie to add some brightness to a cloudy day. However, the journalist was slammed online for his clothing choice, and weatherman Matt Taylor, 41, was also dragged into the fray. Following the morning headlines, Jon asked viewers to send in their own stories of accidentally breaking items, taking heed from one of the day’s lead stories. One viewer wrote on Twitter: “Talking of breaking things, Jon and Matt's ties are breaking the laws of good taste…” The news anchor was quick to reply, branding the comment “harsh” and tagging his co-worker, who agreed saying: “Whoaaaa ...VERY harsh!!” However, fans quickly rushed to the pair’s defence, saying the critics need to “give them a break”. READ MORE: Catherine Zeta-Jones sparks frenzy with ageless looks at BAFTAs after skipping red carpet One wrote: “Strongly disagree love their ties and Shaun Ley all showing some of their own character. “Why not have a whacky tie, it's not like Dan Walkers shirts. You'd complain if they wore jogging bottoms and a big jumper reflecting the weather.”(sic) Another added: “Don’t listen Jon, I like that you both are showing your individuality.” However, one fan gave an opposing opinion writing: “Harsh but true ….sorry,” with a laughing emoji. The topic of breaking things had also left Jon “in trouble” with his co-host Sally Nugent, 51. The duo started the show on the iconic BBC Breakfast red sofa and while running through the day’s headlines, Jon revealed he had a slight connection to one specific story. He shared that a visitor to an art exhibition had accidentally knocked over a limited edition porcelain sculpture by renowned artist Jeff Koons depicting a blue balloon dog. The artwork was smashed to pieces in the accident at Bel-Air Fine Art’s booth in London, but the presenter sidelined into his own tale of accidental tappings on display items. He recalled going to the Owen Owen department store in Chester with his younger brother and the pair began “racing around” a display, despite their mum’s warnings. Jon revealed: “I knocked over this whole display of 200 Easter eggs which were in mugs. "So it wasn't just Easter eggs but pottery everywhere!” After inviting viewers at home to send in their own stories, Sally quickly jumped into the fray with a stern warning. Seeing where the tale could take her co-host, she declared: “No running around the sofa Jon Kay, just stay very still, do not move! "I’m going to have a word with him now while we go to the weather." Presenting the weather today was meteorologist Matt Taylor, who was also criticised for his tie choice, who stepped in for his co-worker Carol Kirkwood. The 46-year-old joking noted Carol’s absence and addressed the cloudy day ahead saying: “This morning I think Carol has run off with a bit of sunshine in her bag.” BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One at 6am.