Chelsea have reportedly been rejected after making a 'serious' approach for ex-Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino. Figures in the Stamford Bridge boardroom are supposedly split on Graham Potter's future with fans frustrated at a dismal run of form under the current manager. Potter became the most expensive manager in football history when Chelsea agreed a £22million compensation package with Brighton in September last year. The Englishman was a huge success on the south coast, leading the Seagulls to an impressive ninth-place finish last campaign. It did take a time for Potter to warm up at the Amex Stadium, and Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly has so far remained committed to giving him the time to build up a head of steam at Stamford Bridge, but a demoralising run of results has left fans extremely restless. According to 90min, Chelsea lodged serious enquiries into Pochettino's availability but the Argentine turned down the opportunity as he does not feel as though the conditions at the club are favourable. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture  The Chelsea hierarchy supposedly have 'huge concerns' over Potter's ability to take the club forward, with the Blues currently sitting 10th in the Premier League, as close to the relegation zone as they are to the top four. Chelsea are winless in their last five matches across all competitions, scoring just one goal in that time. Potter's underperformance is made more striking by the eye-popping transfer spree that took place in the summer and January transfer windows. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat  Boehly came close to the British transfer record by splashing £88million on Mykhaylo Mudryk, before shattering it later in the winter window with a bumper £107m deal for Enzo Fernandez. Neither player, along with the wave of other new arrivals, has managed to turn Chelsea's fortunes around on the pitch. Defeat to bottom club Southampton was particularly damaging and fans made their voices heard by loudly booing the performance at the interval and the full-time whistle. Boehly has staunchly backed Potter so far, but doubts are reportedly starting to creep in as he considers whether or not to make a change.  "After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable," Potter told reporters after the final whistle. "I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. "I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. My job is to help the team, keep working through a tough period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough."