Mohamed Salah's agent Ramy Abbas Issa has responded to claims that the Liverpool star could quit the club this summer if Jurgen Klopp's outfit do not qualify for next season's Champions League. Following a disappointing campaign, the Reds are languishing in mid-table and would require a sensational turnaround to get back into Europe's top club competition next year. Spanish outlet Fichajes had claimed that Salah was prepared to leave Anfield at the end of the season if the Reds do not finish in the top four and secure a place in next season's Champions League, as they are unlikely to qualify as this season's competition winners. With Liverpool seventh in the Premier League table and nine points off fourth-placed Tottenham amid a spell of poor form, Klopp's side were defeated 5-2 by Real Madrid last week in the first leg of their last 16 tie, dashing hopes that another Champions League trophy could rescue their hopes of featuring in next year's competition. Responding to social media rumours that Salah may leave Anfield without a place in the competition in 2024, his agent Abbas Issa on Twitter wrote: "Nonsense. This was never discussed or thought about. Not qualifying to the Champions League hasn’t even crossed our minds."  Last season's Golden Boot joint-winner has struggled to match his form of previous seasons, similarly to his Liverpool team-mates as he has just eight goals in 23 league appearances so far this campaign. Questions have been raised about the Reds and whether a complete rebuild is necessary, starting in the summer transfer window. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham has been eyed as an answer to some of their midfield concerns, though with the England teenager set to cost over £100million amid competition from Real Madrid and Manchester City, as Liverpool could potentially be out of the Champions League next year funds may not be readily available for Klopp to spend big in the summer. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route  Salah turns 31 in the summer and despite signing a new long-term contract last summer that made the Egyptian the highest-paid player at the club, there will be fears that he will not want to be part of a new project that could take years to restore Liverpool to title challengers. Paris Saint-Germain have been mentioned as a potential landing spot for Salah if he does opt to leave Liverpool at the end of the season as one of the few clubs that can afford his wages and compete for the Champions League trophy. Liverpool do have several forward options competing for just three roles in Klopp's favoured formation, as January signing Cody Gakpo joined Salah, Darwin Nunez, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz and Roberto Firmino at the club, while Harvey Elliott can also operate in the front three. A striker could be offloaded in order to raise funds for a summer rebuild. 