Russian president Vladimir Putin's favourite TV propagandist has called for Parliament to be targeted in a missile attack on the UK. Vladimir Solovyov asked in comments translated from Russian why Moscow couldn't strike London. He was talking about the possibility of Britain sending fighter jets to Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has pleaded with the West to give his country warplanes amid reports the Kremlin is plotting a renewed offensive. Solovyov told viewers of his show: "Can't we finally strike London? What is the problem?" He then appeared to mimic those who oppose such a move, saying: "No, no, no - only at military targets." The host added: "Well, at the Parliament too... They are going to give planes to strike deep into Russia's territory." Solovyov went on to criticise Britain for recognising Crimea as being part of Ukraine. Russia illegally annexed the Black Sea peninsula in 2014 and has occupied it ever since. Moscow staged a referendum in the territory which led to the Kremlin declaring there was majority support for Crimea being part of Russia. He said: "They [Britain] cunningly say: 'No, well, we just don't recognise Crimea as Russia'. How about Kaliningrad? "What do they want to tell us? That is, you will now determine what Russia is for you? Not the people living in Russia will determine it, not a referendum, not a vote, but you will determine what Russia is for us?" READ ABOUT NICOLA BULLEY DETECTIVES TAKING NINE DAYS TO CALL A WITNESS He went on: "In that case, we will not recognise at all, for us there is not England at all. No France. No Germany. "Instead, there are Nazi states united by hatred for everything Russian." MailOnline reports that he concluded his monologue by saying: "Let's strike! So that the first would ring. "So that the Nazi b******* from [Emmanuel] Macron to [Olaf] Scholz, from [German Defence Minister Boris] Pistorius to Rishi Sunak, would have their testicles tightened up and falling out of their ears from fear. Maybe they will begin to understand something." DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon blow as Scottish independence and SNP support plunges [LATEST] Should Britain should have a closer relationship with EU? [POLL] UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [REVEALED] Despite his call for London to be targeted with Russian missiles, it was reported at the weekend that Solovyov's son works in the city. Daniil Solovyov, 21, works as a model in London, according to Kyiv Post reporter Jason Jay Smart. Meanwhile, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned on Monday that Ukraine is using up ammunition far faster than its allies can provide it, putting pressure on Western defence industries. He said: "The war in Ukraine is consuming an enormous amount of munitions and depleting allied stockpiles." Mr Stoltenberg added: "The current rate of Ukraine’s ammunition expenditure is many times higher than our current rate of production. This puts our defence industries under strain." According to some estimates, Ukraine is firing up to 6,000-7,000 artillery shells each day, about a third of the daily amount Russia is using almost one year into the war. Speaking on the eve of a two-day meeting of NATO defence ministers, Mr Stoltenberg said the waiting time for the supply of large-caliber ammunition has increased from 12 to 28 months and that orders placed today would only be delivered two-and-a-half years later. The former Norwegian prime minister said Putin has already begun Russia’s long-anticipated spring military offensive in Ukraine, so NATO allies must continue to provide Ukraine with what it needs to win and to achieve a just and sustainable peace. He told reporters in Brussels: "It is clear we are in a race of logistics. Key capabilities like ammunition, fuel, and spare parts must reach Ukraine before Russia can seize the initiative on the battlefield. Speed will save lives." NATO members and Ukraine’s other allies are meeting at the alliance’s headquarters on Tuesday under US supervision to drum up more weapons and ammunition for the war-torn country. Many NATO allies are bilaterally supplying weapons to Ukraine, but the military alliance as an organisation only provides non-lethal aid. On Tuesday evening, US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and his counterparts will separately hold talks with Ukraine’s defence minister. On Wednesday, they will discuss NATO defences on its eastern flank, close to Russia. Moves to beef up military budgets are also on the agenda.