The BBC has been savaged over plans to suspend the licence fee for King Charles's Coronation with critics demanding free energy instead. The move is aimed to allow venues to screen the live Westminster Abbey ceremony coverage on May 6 and the Coronation concert on May 7 without needing to purchase a TV licence. But the plan has prompted a fierce backlash on social media and among campaigners, some of whom called for the move to be made permanent. Charity manager, Rita Chadha, wrote on Twitter: "That's the best we can do? Better use of public subsidy would be free energy for the four days. Symbolic tokenism." The comment came ahead of energy bills rising as a taxpayer-funded cap increases from £2,500 a year for the typical property to £3,000 in April. Fellow Twitter user Ailean Riepsaame Uí Dhubhthaigh simply said of the BBC: "How generous..." Twitter user Jo Ward joked: "We'd prefer Eurovision..." A fellow Twitter user, whose account goes under the name Marcus Tullius Cicero, commented: "[S]till won't be watching that tripe." A fifth user of the platform, Dave, chimed in: "Wow. Our saviours." Meanwhile, campaigners called for the move to be made permanent. Currently, it costs £159 annually for a colour TV licence and £53.50 for a black and white one. Rebecca Ryan, Campaign Director of Defund the BBC, told Express.co.uk: "It’s great to see the BBC suspension of the licence fee for the King’s Coronation. Now let’s make the move permanent." READ ABOUT SUNAK SCRAPPING 1,700 PAGES OF EU LAWS "As a special gift to the British people, in honour of His Majesty, the BBC should declare an amnesty to all the elderly being bullied by the broadcaster on their doorsteps, to all the single mums being dragged through court, and all the just-about-managings being wrung out during this cost of living crisis. "Let’s have full transparency over what content does and doesn’t require a licence and let’s stop the coercive letters and visits once and for all. Now that’d be a real gift!" Joe Ventre, digital campaign manager at the TaxPayers' Alliance, told Express.co.uk Brits will be glad they can enjoy coverage of the Coronation without enforcement agents breathing down their necks. He added: "For far too long, Auntie has been allowed to leverage the licence fee on households who simply dare to own a telly. "It's time for the BBC to catch up with the times and axe the archaic TV tax once and for all." DON'T MISS: European travellers with caravans and £130k cars descend on Windsor [REPORT] The worst performing GP surgeries in England uncovered [REVEALED] TikToker that filmed Nicola Bulley's body makes donation to family [LATEST] The BBC said the dispensation is granted in "exceptional circumstances", with the event needing to be of "national importance" and screened in a community setting. Under the plan, the public should be able to watch for free and bring their own food and drink. Examples of venues cited by TV licensing include community spaces such as churches and town halls. Commercial premise such as concert halls, performing arts venues and cinemas are also included. The dispensation also applies to any outdoor venues which have the facilities to screen the coverage. The BBC said on Tuesday that the decision on whether an event is of national importance is taken on a case-by-case basis. It also takes into account if the occasion is constitutional in nature, is in the public interest, is on a bank holiday and if people are likely to want to watch in a community setting where TVs may not normally be used. The licence fee was scrapped for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June 2022. King Charles III's Coronation is the first to be staged in Britain for 70 years and it will see the royal anointed and crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury in front of more than 2,000 guests. Camilla, the Queen Consort, will also be anointed and crowned in a simpler ceremony during the King's Coronation service. News of the licence fee being suspended came on the day it emerged strike action by BBC journalists will affect coverage of the upcoming Spring Budget with further dates being considered around the local elections, the King's Coronation and the Eurovision Song Contest. The National Union of Journalists announced its members working for BBC England had voted overwhelmingly in favour of industrial action in a dispute over planned changes to local radio programming. A 24-hour strike will begin at 11am on March 15, the same day Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is due to deliver the Spring Budget. Further industrial action is due to be announced, with strike dates being considered which coincide with local elections on May 4, the Coronation on May 6 and Eurovision coverage in the lead up to the final on May 13.