In fact, according to Jennifer Johnson, senior brand manager at ARDELL, lashes are "indicative of youth" and should not be overlooked if you want a more doe-eyed appearance. Jennifer said: "As we age, our natural lashes lose their curl as the eyelash growth cycle slows down. For some women, their natural eyelash colour also gets lighter, making lashes look scarce as a result." While applying faux lashes is one way to make your eyes pop, you can use mascara instead. Beauty experts have shared how to use them to make you look younger. The lash expert explained that eyelashes aren't something for mature women to be fearful of, as they can look "beautifully natural" when you choose the right style. Jennifer said: "I would recommend using lightweight lashes, as natural eyelashes tend to weaken with age. "Long, luscious eyelashes are indicative of youth, and therefore women should always look to add one to their glam routine. "In terms of style, I love a natural sweep style. This style uses shorter lengths on the inner corners of the eye while using the same length throughout the rest of the lash line." READ MORE: Princess Kate achieves an 'ageless look' with clever makeup While thicker, longer styles can help the eyes look rounder, the ARDELL manager warned against using anything that can change the shape of the eye too drastically. She said: "I would tend to tell more mature women to avoid longer lash styles on the outer corner of the eyes. This cat eye effect might make the eyes appear droopier." To find the perfect style for your face shape and eyes, you can try a technique known as "lash mapping". This is a technique for planning which lengths, curls and thicknesses complement your natural eye shape and lash pattern. DON'T MISS...Age-defying 72-year-old shares her ‘strange’ tea [INSIGHT]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [REVEAL]DEAL OF THE DAY: Revolution launches £10 serum [DEALS] According to Jennifer, this is important for mature complexions as the skin loses elasticity, appearing "loose" and "saggy" around the eyes. She said: "The excess skin that droops can cover part of the base of your natural lash. This gives the impression that the natural lash is hiding underneath the skin." Choosing a short faux lash with a curl can give the impression of lifted skin and eyes that look more awake. However, if you prefer to use mascara over false lashes, there are other ways to cheat the appearance of youthful eyes. READ MORE: 'Big mistake' when applying blusher that can make you 'look older' Over 50s makeup expert, Schealla Fowler explained that to avoid making your eyes look "heavy" and "downturned", you should keep mascara well away from lower lashes. The Fabulous50s founder said: "Wearing mascara on the bottom makes your eyes look more rounded so we've got a lifting effect up top and a rounding result down the bottom. "And on mature eyes, what can happen is when we apply mascara down here it can draw attention down the face - so it can be very very ageing." She noted that this is especially true if you have very straight lower lashes that can look like arrows when coated in mascara. It's not just a sagging effect on the skin that lower-lash mascara can have on mature complexions. Shealla noted that it could also draw attention to wrinkles underneath your eyes. This is especially true for formulas prone to transferring onto the skin. To avoid this, the beauty expert recommended using waterproof products less likely to smudge. For mature skin, softer shades like brown can appear less harsh than deep black though blue can work too.