DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) and his team are tasked with investigating the murder of a water taxi driver in the latest instalment of Death in Paradise. At the same time, the detective receives an anonymous letter warning a murder is due to take place. Actor Ralf has now promised the next story will leave fans "freaking out" and said it was especially fun to play as the story spans across two episodes. He said: "I’m lucky this year that I have two stories that test the character and were really challenging to play. "I’m lucky in that I get to do a job that I enjoy, but it’s especially fun to get up and go to work thinking this is going to be a pretty different day. "Episodes six and seven are going to be brilliant. When people see them, they’re going to freak out. "  The actor added: "I think they’re going to love it, but they’re going to be like 'no way'." Referencing his favourite episode of the series, Ralf shared: “Most of what you do in this job is contained in episodes, with a bit of character building over the serial arc, so when you get episodes that really challenge a character and make life interesting, you really relish it." He added the episode in St Barnabas is the one which challenges DS Naomi Thomas the most. Fans of the long-running drama have been left concerned DI Parker could be killed off as has happened to previous main characters as the show is now in its 12 series.  But for now, at least, the 42-year-old actor feels overjoyed to have the challenge of the role and the variety it often entails. “Look, cards on the table, this happens every year and it doesn't mean anything. "There's nothing to read into this either way. "All of those talks and negotiations - not even negotiations, we aren't at that stage yet. "It's not like you get signed on like a footballer, where you get signed a five-year contract or a three-year contract or whatever." He went on to say while "no decision has been made yet", fans shouldn't read into it. While Ralf has assured fans his character is OK, Tahj Miles has hinted his character could be “killed off”.He said of being murdered on the show: “If it makes sense. I am happy with whatever makes sense for the show.” Tahj told Express.co.uk: “At the end of the day, the show is the most important thing. Obviously as actors, we are selfish about our characters, and we want our characters to have the best storylines. “But if my storyline doesn't work for the show and it doesn't fit in with the show's bigger picture then I wouldn't want that to happen. "Whatever happens with my character I want it to work for the entire show” Meanwhile viewers of the show will be pleased to hear a spin-off Beyond Paradise is coming to air in just a few weeks. BBC One has confirmed the Kris Marshall-led series will begin on February 24. Death in Paradise airs on BBC One at 9pm on Friday  