Aries You have too much to do and too little time to do it in. If you are honest with yourself you will accept you have taken on more than you can really handle. Promising others you will do more tomorrow will buy you some time today but this isn’t a strategy that is likely to work for very long. Taurus You’re not feeling very imaginative and this makes you feel slightly useless when mixing with creative people. The difference between you and them will be that you have a way of turning ideas into reality so don’t feel a lack of imagination prevents you from being productive. Gemini Plans for an upcoming trip need to be finalised. The longer you leave it the more likely it is that someone will pull out or some ideas will have to be scrapped. You could waste a good opportunity unless you are willing to focus on what really matters. Cancer You aren’t happy with the way a situation that is causing a lot of people some concern has been allowed to go on too long. State your views clearly and stop once you have said all you need to say as if you allow yourself to be distracted by pointless questions, your main message will be diluted. Leo You are not going to remain quiet even though you know that some people do not share your views. Your comments may not be appreciated by someone who thinks the opposite but this will not stop you from getting your thoughts out into the open. Virgo You can’t and won’t change your views even if someone accuses you of being overly negative. You might even feel they are being far too optimistic. For you happen to have taken everything into account: the good points and the bad and you have come to a balanced conclusion.  Libra Even though you aren’t happy with a situation, the less you say, the better. It would be smarter to keep your emotions under control. There will be a chance to express your feelings at a later time when the sense of urgency is over. Scorpio Even though you can normally withstand a lot of emotional pressure, you’re growing tired with a certain state of affairs. An intense situation is causing a lot of tension and you’ve reached a point where you don’t even know how you feel about it. You need to step away and look at it from a distant perspective. Sagittarius Today could be a turning point if you or someone who is close to you has been facing some difficult issues. Everyone has regrets and when you look back, there will always be something you could have done differently but it is time now to put this behind you and look to the future.  Capricorn Something you have been asked to keep quiet about is the source of some trouble. Normally you find it easy to keep a secret but in this instance, your conscience is pushing you to tell someone what you know. This information could make a difference and be of help to them. Aquarius You can’t escape a colleague’s serious attitude even though you wish they could be a little less aloof. Your attempts to sidestep a difficult discussion aren’t likely to work when your boss or a senior colleague will insist that everyone on their list turns up for this meeting. Pisces You have a lot more going on than you are willing to let on about. Someone who has a habit of criticising all you do would only use this as an excuse to pull you down. You know you have taken on a lot but you know too, that, in time, you will have fulfilled all obligations.   