Despite splashing the cash over the last two transfer windows, Chelsea are expecting to go big once again over the summer. However, with Graham Potter struggling with an oversized squad, the under-fire boss could be tempted to cut the deadwood from his squad before the start of next season. The Blues are currently 10th in the Premier League, with the squad struggling to gel due to the plethora of new signings that have come through the door over the past 12 months. Supporters have pointed the finger at Potter for poor results pushing Chelsea further and further away from the Champions League placings, though the ex-Brighton boss retains the confidence of the higher powers at the club. With new signings incoming, the Blues will need to offload players in order to stay on the safe side of financial fair play and also ensure that Potter does not have to contend with numerous players growing frustrated with their lack of minutes. But who could they sell? Express Sport takes a look… Edouard Mendy With Kepa Arrizabalaga now the first-choice goalkeeper at Chelsea and the club looking to sign a goalkeeper over the summer, Edouard Mendy is expected to be sold at the end of the season. The Senegal international has made it no secret that he is frustrated with his lack of minutes and his Transfermarkt valuation of £22million suggests that his sale could go a long way toward purchasing another shot-stopper. Trevoh Chalobah Chelsea have acquired several defenders of late, and the return of Levi Colwill from Brighton at the end of the season is likely to push Trevoh Chalobah out of the door. The 23-year-old has made just 13 appearances in the Premier League so far this campaign and could feature even less if Potter welcomes more signings over the summer. Mason Mount With reports emerging that contract extension talks with Mason Mount have been halted, Chelsea will be anticipating offers for their boyhood star over the summer if they cannot strike a new deal with him. The player wants a contract that showcases his worth at the club and does not feel that he has been offered that to date, and he could be the first player to test the patience of owner Todd Boehly – especially given that he is valued at £66m and will become a free agent in 2024. Christian Pulisic Winger Christian Pulisic has really struggled to find his feet at Chelsea over the past few years and it may be time for him to get his career back on track elsewhere. The former Borussia Dortmund star is unlikely to get a look in under Potter next season, and his recurring injuries make him a player worth offloading to fund an arrival. Hakim Ziyech Following his failed loan move to Paris Saint-Germain in January, Hakim Ziyech may finally be granted his move away from Chelsea once the summer transfer window opens. The Morocco international has featured scarcely under Potter this season and will push to leave permanently rather than warm the bench for another campaign. Valued at £20m, Ziyech won’t be short of suitors that are willing to take a chance on a player desperate to play regular football again.