Twitter CEO Elon Musk has branded the media "racist against whites" in defence of a US cartoonist who was dropped by hundreds of newspapers after he made “hateful and discriminatory” comments. Dilbert cartoon creator Scott Adams has been dropped by multiple outlets after he went on a racist rant in an episode of his YouTube show, Real Coffee with Scott Adams. In a post on Twitter that has since been deleted, Mr Musk said “What exactly are they complaining about?”, in response to a Tweet by Mr Adam about media outlets pulling his comic strip. Mr Musk said in a separate post: “For a very long time, US media was racist against non-white people, now they’re racist against whites [and] asians. “Same thing happened with elite colleges [and] high schools in America. Maybe they can try not being racist." In the YouTube video, Mr Adams said: “If nearly half of all blacks are not OK with white people… that’s a hate group. READ MORE: China could 'take out the entire US' with huge coordinated spy balloon attack “I don’t want to have anything to do with them. And I would say, based on the current way things are going, the best advice I would give to white people is to get the hell away from black people… because there is no fixing this.” His comments were made in response to a Rasmussen poll which found that 26pc of black respondents said they disagreed with the phrase “It’s OK to be white”, while 21pc said they did not know. The phrase is believed to have surfaced in 2017 as a trolling campaign and has since been deployed by white supremacists to stir up the culture wars. According to the poll, 53 percent of black respondents agreed with the statement, but 26 percent disagreed and others were not sure. DON'T MISSPrince Harry humiliates as Americans back William [LATEST]Mysterious death of champion swimmer investigated [REPORT]China 'could take out US' with spy balloon attack [INSIGHT] Mr Adams called those who disagreed with the phrase part of a "hate group". "I would say, based on the current way things are going, the best advice I would give to white people is to get the hell away from black people," Mr Adams said, "because there is no fixing this." The cartoonist Mr Adams says the blowback has effectively destroyed his career and most of his income will be cut off by next week after The Washington Post, The Los Angeles Times and other publications dropped him. Among media outlets to drop the Dilbert cartoon strip, which Mr Adams illustrates are the USA Today network, which operates dozens of newspapers across the US. READ MORE: Sam Smith slammed by Elon Musk over Grammys performance Dilbert's distributor is also ending its working relationship with Mr Adams, the company announced on Twitter. While Andrews McMeel Universal values free speech, the company said, they "will never support any commentary rooted in discrimination or hate". Darrin Bell, a Pulitzer Prize-winning black cartoonist, described Mr Adams as a disgrace, but not unique. "His racism is not even unique among cartoonists," he said in The New York Times. Musk's defence of the disgraced cartoonist comes after he took over Twitter last year with the explicit intention of introducing more robust guardrails for freedom of expression on the platform. The latest move comes after Twitter reduced its workforce once again, sacking some some employees who had allied themselves with Mr Musk. According to reports, around 200 Twitter staff were fired over the weekend. Twitter is now believed to have fewer than 2,000 staff working on its social network, compared to more than 7,500 last year.