One of the shows which made Peter's popularity rise was BBC One's Car Share which saw Peter play a supermarket assistant manager John Redmond alongside promotions rep Kayleigh Kitson (played by Sian Gibson). The pair were thrown together in a company car share scheme and followed their comedy antics. The award-wining show last aired in 2018 with two special episodes, and then returned once again for an audio one-off broadcast in 2020. Peter Kay has never commented on the future of the series and has never quite closed the door for a reboot of the comedy show. However, for hopeful fans wishing for the series to make a comeback, it seems the Bolton-born and bred funny man has closed the Car Share chapter. It has been reported that his team has filed paperwork to strike the dedicated company from the official register. READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit Reports state that official documents for his intention to close Good Night Vienna Productions (Car Share) Limited have been signed. A TV insider told The Sun: “This seems to be the final nail in the coffin of Car Share - and is sure to leave fans devastated. “Of course, there is always the chance Peter intends to manage finances for the show through another of his companies. "But that seems unlikely when he had such a dedicated set-up in the first place.” The comedy series has won multiple awards including Best Comedy at the 2016, 2018 and 2019 National Television Awards and a string of Baftas. However, any future collaborations between Peter and his co-star Sian Gibson have not been ruled out. During a gig in August 2021, he told the audience that he "might" consider further one-offs and explained: "Of all the things I’ve ever done, that’s my favourite of all. "I love being with Sian and we had a good laugh.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will [WATCH]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [LATEST] The finale of the show attracted nearly eight million people, watching Peter and Sian wind down on their successful series. Peter has kept a low profile since 2017 after he cancelled his planned 14-month stand-up tour due to "unforeseen family circumstances". He confirmed the news on his website, apologising to those who had purchased tickets, insisting it wasn’t a decision he had taken lightly. The statement read: "Due to unforeseen family circumstances I deeply regret that I am having to cancel all of my upcoming work projects. "This unfortunately includes my upcoming stand-up tour, Dance For Life shows and any outstanding live work commitments. "My sincerest apologies. This decision has not been taken lightly and I’m sure you’ll understand my family must always come first. "I’ve always endeavoured to protect my family’s privacy from the media. I hope that the media and the public will continue to respect our privacy at this time. Once again I’m very sorry." However, he is set for a huge comeback tour across the next four years, launching thousands of dates for his Peter Kay Live Tour