Liverpool have been widely criticised for a lack of business in the January transfer window with the club’s persistent problems yet to be addressed by the Reds’ hierarchy. However, it could prove to be a blessing in disguise with Jurgen Klopp hardly holding an exemplary record in the market. Here Express Sport takes a look at the German’s ten worst signings during his seven-and-a-half year-long spell in charge. Marko Grujic The Serbian was Klopp’s first signing as Liverpool manager but unfortunately, he was also one of his worst. Grujic failed to break into the first team at Anfield and made just 16 appearances in the space of four years before joining Porto in 2020. Steven Caulker There have been few stranger transfers than Caulker’s arrival at Anfield on-loan from QPR. The centre-back was barely used in defence instead of spending more time as a makeshift striker in late cameos. A bizarre move. Loris Karius Oh dear. Few Liverpool players will be remembered as poorly as Loris Karius. The goalkeeper seems like a nice guy but his entire career will always be synonymous with the 2018 Champions League final where he cost his side a chance at the trophy. Had made a host of errors in the Premier League prior to that moment. Ragnar Klavan The Estonian centre-back was signed during a period were the Reds had been struggling defensively however he failed to quell these issues. He made 53 appearances for the club across a two-year stint but fell out of the first team picture once Virgil van Dijk had made the position his own. Dominic Solanke There was a lot of hype surrounding Solanke after his arrival from Chelsea however he failed to live up to it. The Englishman scored just once for the club but was still able to contribute in some ways with Bournemouth forking out £19million for his services in 2019. Adrian It is difficult to pass too much judgement on substitute goalkeepers but Adrian has not been the required quality. The Spaniard has been too error prone when deputising for Alisson most notably in the Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid in 2020 and has since fallen to third choice after the emergence of Caoimhin Kelleher. Takumi Minamino The winger joined to provide much needed back up to the excellent front three of Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah. However, he failed to do so and found game time harder and harder to come by as Klopp strengthened his squad in the following windows. DON'T MISSChelsea's Enzo Fernandez sent bitter message from Benfica boss SchmidtChelsea may already have signed their long-term Jorginho replacementChelsea fail to get their way as 'tense' Enzo Fernandez talks held Ben Davies Davies was the epitome of a panic buy. Liverpool were desperately short of centre-backs following long-term injuries to Van Dijk, Joe Gomez and Joel Matip so turned to Davies because he was available. However, he never played, eventually leaving for Rangers in 2022. Ozan Kabak Like Davies, Kabak was little more than a panic buy. However, unlike the English defender he did receive some game time failing to impress in most his appearances before Nat Phillips and Rhys Williams wrote themselves into the club’s folklore by making the position their own in the run-in. Arthur Melo The Brazilian joined on summer deadline day but has made just one appearance for the club after being severely restricted by injury. He is set to make his return soon however it appears highly unlikely that he will be the answer to the Reds' midfield woes.