Tyson Fury’s plans to build a stunning £4million mansion have been halted by a discovery of bats, according to reports. Fury was apparently set to demolish the house already sitting on the Cheshire site and build a six-bedroom abode with a luxury swimming pool. However, plans have now been limited to simply extending the existing house after bats were allegedly found roosting in the loft. Fury and wife Paris now intend to extend the eight-bed to include a basement music room and games room. Had Fury wanted to press on with the original plans, the boxer would have needed a special licence from Natural England. It is an offence to intentionally or recklessly disturb the bats. The WBC heavyweight champion would also have needed to place bat boxes in nearby trees to preserve the wildlife. But he and Paris will apparently focus on extending the existing building instead, with a breakfast room, garden room and cinema also included. JUST IN: Fury vs Usyk Wembley hopes given major boost but fight has snag That is according to The Sun, who report that the bats halted Fury’s initial plans were disrupted by the bats. A fresh planning application has been made to Cheshire East council, with the fighter’s agent telling the newspaper that there is “no reasonable basis” to reject the proposal as it is too far from local homes to “impact on their amenities”. Fury and Paris currently live in a £1.7m Morecambe home with their six children. Their latest move would bring them closer to Fury’s younger brother, Tommy, and Love Island girlfriend Molly-Mae Hague. The Gypsy King is set to reenter the ring this year, with a bout against Ukrainian Oleksandr Usyk scheduled for the first four months of the year. However, the fight could now take place at Wembley Stadium after issues with the possibility of Saudi Arabia hosting the fight were flagged. "I'm very optimistic the fight is going to happen," promoter Bob Arum said. "Both fighters have agreed to do the fight, the question is the site and we're talking to the Middle East because allegedly they're going to come up with the biggest purse ever in boxing history. DON'T MISS...Ngannou studying Fury fights as ex-UFC star hints he's started campTyson Fury already has next bout after Usyk clash pencilled inJoshua can shake off baffling villain tag after picking perfect man "And if they do, that's where the fight is going to go because money is money. If they don't, both fighters will agree to do the fight this spring at Wembley... but the fight will happen in my opinion, certainly within the first four months of the year. "Fighters want to do the best for themselves because a fighter's career, no matter how great he is, is limited and they want to make as much money as possible. “So that's the only issue - where will the fight be held? I would believe in the next week that will be determined and then we'll have an official announcement of the date and site for the fight - but that fight is happening."