Russian driver Daniil Kvyat has pleaded with the FIA to ensure “sport remains out of politics” as he makes his race return. Kvyat claimed Russian drivers can “unite the nations” as he stressed not everyone agrees with the war with Ukraine. He said: “I want to appeal to all sports federations and the IOC that sport must remain out of politics. We, the athletes, can help to unite the nations in the times ahead. It horrifies me to see the conflict between two fraternal nations. I want my daughter and all children to enjoy this wonderful world.” Kvyat’s race career was thrown into doubt last season after his World Endurance Championship programme was axed at the final moment. The ex-F1 star was supposed to get a seat at Russian squad G-Drive but the entry was pulled on the eve of the season. The plan was axed after team boss Roman Rusinov did not agree with the public restrictions on Russian entrants proposed by the FIA. READ MORE: F1 championship deemed 'not valid' after bosses continue driver ban The governing body banned all Russian and Belarusian symbolism, colours or flags ahead of the 2022 season. Drivers from both countries were banned from racing in Britain after tough measures were introduced by the organiser, Motorsport UK. Sports.ru has speculated that Kvyat has agreed to sign up to the terms to secure a drive at Prema in the WEC LMP2 class. Kvyat insisted he has received "the green light” to compete in series in Europe and the USA as tensions were cooling down. He added: "For a long time the situation was very tense, but now the tension has eased a bit. NASCAR set a great example and acted like a sport. DON'T MISSMazepin to make racing return after losing F1 seat due to Russia tie [INSIGHT]Mazepin refuses to give up Russia flag as axed driver hopes for return [ANALYSIS]Russian driver hints at F1 return despite Haas sacking Nikita Mazepin [COMMENT] "Sports should bring people together, and NASCAR is a great example for others, including those in Europe." It comes after Russian star Nikita Mazepin was axed by Haas ahead of the new season as the conflict escalated. Kevin Magnussen was drafted in at the last minute while the American team also dropped their sponsorship with Uralkali. Mazepin blamed “cancel culture” for his departure after just one season with the team. The 23-year-old said he has the intention of suing the team over unpaid wages after his deal was “terminated”.