The state pension  is not the only form of income for retirees, and some could be eligible for more. An additional payment which could provide support is Pension Credit, designed to help pensioners on a low income. The sum is intended to boost payments to help Britons deal with their living costs. The Government has said Pension Credit could be worth over £3,300 per year, which could make a big difference for eligible people. Pension Credit is also set to increase in April by 10.1 percent, in line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure. The rates for a single person will rise from £182.60 to £201.05 per week. READ MORE: State pension to increase but older pensioners will get less While the rates for a couple will increase from £278.70 to £306.85. Pension Credit is also considered to be a gateway benefit, as it can open Britons up to a wide range of support. This could include help with housing costs, council tax, heating bills and health costs. For over 75s, this includes an entitlement to a free TV licence. DON'T MISSCold Weather Payments triggered 112 times - how to check eligibility [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis urges Jeremy Hunt to postpone cuts to energy bill help [LATEST]500,000 pensioners set to miss out on boost as policy slammed [UPDATE] To be eligible, people usually need to live in England, Scotland or Wales, and have reached state pension age. Currently, over 1.4 million pensioners in Britain receive Pension Credit. However, it remains the most underclaimed benefit available, with many missing out. Up to an estimated 850,000 eligible households are not claiming Pension Credit worth £1.7billion. READ MORE: Sky TV and broadband customers issued urgent price hike warning A failure to claim can be caused by numerous factors, including lack of awareness, perceived but false stigma, and thinking one may not be eligible. However, Pension Credit can be claimed fairly easily - by phone and online - ensuring older people can apply wherever they are. Martin Lewis, founder of Money Saving Expert, previously urged Britons to claim the sum. He said: “Amidst the cost of living crisis, it’s a national tragedy that getting on for a million pensioners are missing out on a major income boost. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “My simple rule of thumb is if you (or someone you know) are aged 66 or older, and have total income of under roughly £200 a week, get online or call the Pension Credit claim line to see if you’re due a payment that can be as much as £3,300 a year. “I’m not saying everyone will get it, but many will, and it only takes a few minutes to find out. “So don’t stall, just call.” To claim Pension Credit, Britons will need to provide the following information: