Kitchens and bathrooms are two of the most important rooms in every home - and it’s easy to see why. Kitchens are rooms for entertaining, cooking and socialising. Bathrooms are places where we clean ourselves, relax, refresh and unwind after a long day’s work. An attractive, well-thought-out kitchen and bathroom with modern fixtures make your home more appealing to buyers and can add value to a property. MKM, the UK’s leading independent builder’s merchant has shared how to add value to a property by making changes to your kitchen and bathroom. Ian McConville, group procurement director at MKM told Express.co.uk there are two “key” areas of the home that add value to the kitchen and bathroom. These are viewed as two of the “most important rooms for prospective buyers”, according to the experts. Removing the internal walls between your kitchen and dining room to create an open-plan living space is one of the “easiest ways” to add value. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ According to the experts, knocking down the wall could add up to five percent to the value of your home while for just a minimal cost on your part. Renovating or extending your kitchen could add a further 15 percent to the overall value of your home. One of the extension types you could choose is a side-return extension which would add valuable additional space while improving the layout of your kitchen. Ian continued: “A side-return extension may mean you lose windows that bring in natural light so you might want to consider roof lights or a partially or fully glazed roof on the new extension.” DON'T MISS‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [INSIGHT]Three orchid mistakes to avoid making - correct care is ‘vital’ [UPDATE]‘Kill mould’ on walls in '10 minutes' using ‘the best’ natural item [ANALYSIS] A new bathroom will add anywhere between three and five percent to the value of your home. If you can’t extend or improve the space you already have, you could consider creating an additional bathroom elsewhere. You could add a small ensuite to a large bedroom, for example, or transform a cloakroom by adding a shower, sink and toilet to create a handy little shower room. This adds more bathrooms while making the most of the space you have without extending or needlessly spending thousands on renovations. READ MORE: 3 features that ‘significantly’ devalue your house - ‘puts buyers off’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Simple updates to your existing bathrooms and kitchens are also a great way to add value and make your home more appealing to prospective buyers. The “easiest way” to update a bathroom on a budget is to change the taps, mirror and cabinets, as this changes the overall look of the room completely. Ian added: “For those refurbing on a budget, adding storage is also a good idea and there are some very cost-effective modular furniture solutions available. “A lack of effective storage is often one of the biggest problems in UK bathrooms so adding some will increase both value and appeal. “New appliances, worktops and a lick of paint on existing kitchen cabinets can give a kitchen a new lease of life.” Other “cost-effective” ways to update your bathroom rather than completing a refit include choosing a framed enclosure and an exposed shower rather than a concealed one. This looks more modern and will open up your bathroom so it looks bigger. Floor-mounted sanitary ware rather than wall-hung will also make your bathroom look more modern and attractive. The experts also suggested always choosing a bathroom suite rather than purchasing items separately to keep costs down.