Love Island has been filled to the brim with explosive drama, including unexpected re-couplings, gossip and love triangles. Every few episodes, a new face is welcomed to the ITV2 reality series and now another singleton is ready to walk into the South African villa. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about Claudia Fogarty and her famous family. Claudia Fogarty is going to be the next bombshell to join the cast of Love Island 2023 tonight, Tuesday, February 7, at 9pm on ITV2. Away from the reality show, Claudia is a 24-year-old who runs clothing boutique Storm Fashion with her sister Danielle. On Instagram, she usually shares pictures of her stunning home or pieces from her shop's collection, with her 20,000 followers. As with all Love Island stars, this is bound to rise once she features on the hit show. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Claudia is used to living life in the limelight as she is the daughter of former motorcycle racer Carl Fogarty MBE. He is one of the most successful World Superbike racers of all time and holds the second highest record for number of race wins at 59. If you're not a fan of motorcycle racing then you may recognise Fogarty for another popular series. In 2014, he was crowned King of the Jungle in I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! Carl "Foggy" Fogarty beat both X Factor's Jake Quickenden and TV presenter Melanie Sykes to the crown, leaving many surprised. His connection to the show didn't end their either as his other daughter Danielle went on to date his co-star Quickenden for seven months with him even popping the question. Their relationship didn't work out but at the time of their split, Quickenden cleared up that they left it on "good terms". He said on Lorraine: "We're kind of dealing with ourselves, work and being busy but I've got so much respect for Dan and her family and everything they've done and for me, it's about taking some time out." DON'T MISS....Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [EXPLAINER]Love Island's Zara 'left in tears' after unaired row with Tom befor... [REACTION]Meet the new winter Love Island cast [CAST] Danielle's sister will be stepping into the spotlight for the first time though when she enters Love Island. It has already been predicted that she is going to cause a bit of a stir in the villa. A source told The Sun: “Claudia is ready to strut into the villa imminently. She’s classy, beautiful and well educated and is set to have all the boys fighting over her. “Her life might be glamorous but family means everything to her and she’d love to meet the man of her dreams and settle down. But she’s promised not to be too raunchy, to save Dad’s blushes." There was a re-coupling last week which sent a massive shockwave throughout the villa. Lana was toying between getting back with Ron and starting something new with Casey. While everyone assumed she would choose Ron, Lana chose to recouple with Casey, which none of her friends expected. But Ron isn't giving up quite yet as he is still adamant he wants to fight for them so is he going to convince her? Love Island continues Sunday to Friday at 9pm on ITV2.