  Keanan Brand, 24, has become the latest Rugby League star to join ITV reality show Love Island, as viewers prepare to watch him enter the villa tonight. Richie Myler, 32, who is the ex-husband of Strictly Come Dancing star Helen Skelton, 39, has thrown his support behind his fellow sportsman as their connection is revealed.      Richie took to Instagram last night to share Love Island’s post about new islander Keanan, tagging his handle with a clover and an Irish flag. The Love Island post showed the star posing in stripey swimming trunks and a silver chain with the caption: “Rugby lad Keanan is ready to try and find love in the villa.” There was also a post for new bombshell Rosie Seabrook, 24, who could be seen modelling a red bikini next to the caption: “Will heads turn for flirty babe Rosie?” Richie, who left the family home last year following his and Helen’s shock split, is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a scrum-half and fullback for the Leeds Rhinos in the Betfred Super League. READ MORE: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears'    He is also a member of the Ireland squad for the delayed 2021 Rugby League World Cup, having declared for Ireland in 2022. In the past, he has also represented England and the England Knights at an international level. The sportsman has played for the Widnes Vikings and the Salford City Reds in the Championship. He has also played in the Super League for Salford City Reds, as well as the Warrington Wolves and the Catalans Dragons.     It seems that he therefore may be pals with bombshell Keanan, who is a professional rugby player, also playing in the Betfred Super League. He is a centre for the Leigh Leopards and, like Richie, has previously played for the Widnes Vikings and the Warrington Wolves. Keanan will be the second Rugby League star to enter the villa in recent years, with former Castleford Tigers player Jacques O'Neill appearing in 2022. Rosie and Keanan are hoping to turn heads tonight after Movie Night left the villa in turmoil. READ MORE... Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes [NEWS] Jon Snow states 'I wasn’t leftie enough' for brother in rare insight  [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle piece framed by Martin Roberts [INSIGHT]      Some relationships are looking rocky, with contestants like Will Young, Tom Clare, Casey O’Gorman and Tanya Manhenga all on thin ice with their respective partners. Islander Olivia Hawkins also faced plenty of backlash on social media, as she was accused of “talking about others behind their backs”. “Why are the girls just moving past everything liv said behind their backs?!” asked Ariana. (sic) While teacher Kai Fagan and social worker Sanam Harrinanan appear to have grown in popularity as a couple.      “Me personally I feel like no one else DESERVES the 50K MORE THAN a Teacher and a Social Worker if we’re being fr, they deserve it so much and it’s reasonable,” Sana penned. (sic) Helen and Richie made headlines last year after the Countryfile star announced the pair had split back in April after eight years of marriage and just four months after she gave birth to their daughter. They now co-parent their three young children: Ernie, seven, Louis, five and one-year-old daughter Elsie. Helen, who married professional rugby league footballer Richie back in 2013, confirmed the split on Instagram at the time, writing: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children.” Despite the heartbreak Helen went through in 2022, she also found new joy when she participated in Strictly Come Dancing later in the year and reached the finals with professional partner Gorka Márquez.   