Princess Diana was a style icon all over the world, but not just for her beautiful ballgowns and tiaras. The late Princess of Wales also adored dressing more casually with sports jackets and jumpers, whether she was going to the gym or dropping William and Harry off at school.  In 1991, Diana was photographed dropping Prince Harry off at the Wetherby School in London, accompanied by a young Prince William. In the photographs, the Princess was wearing her green and silver Philadelphia Eagles jacket. Today, the Philadelphia Eagles will be playing against the Kansas City Chiefs in the Super Bowl, which could potentially be attended by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex who live in America. Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie, the hosts of Royally Obsessed, spoke on their podcast about the significance of Diana's jacket with today's Super Bowl game. READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes  They said: "The Philadelphia Eagles jacket is one of Diana’s most iconic looks. Diana had actually never been to Philly or watched an Eagles game in another state. "The way she received this jacket was at the funeral of Princess Grace of Monaco, because the Eagles statistician Jack Edelstein was also in attendance. "Edelstein was a dear friend of Grace’s brother and they got talking during the funeral. She admitted that she thought football was like soccer, she was not well versed in sports like we always discuss about ourselves, but she apparently asked Jack what are your colours. He replied green and silver and Diana said those were also her favourite colours. "Edelstein went back to the US and made sure that they sent Diana a beautiful swag bag. The team’s owner at the time made sure it also included a custom bomber jacket that she popped up in quite a few places and turned into a very very hot fashion item."   The hosts of the podcast went on to discuss how Princess Diana is admired like a "Saint" in the state of Philadelphia due to her wearing this jacket. There are lots of bars and restaurants that contain a portrait of her wearing the jacket from 1991. In addition, fans of American Football will often wear a jumper that depicts the Princess wearing the Eagles jacket as a homage. The hosts continued: "The funny thing is that no one actually knows where the jacket Diana wore currently is. The assumption is that it’s in Harry and William's collection. READ MORE: 'Looks so easy' - Prince Harry's favourite dessert needs 4 ingredients  "Can you imagine if suddenly Kate or Meghan appeared wearing it or something, what would that do? If they're at the Super Bowl this year that would break the Internet!" Princess Diana's beautiful green and silver Philadelphia Eagles jacket was complete with enlarged eagle logo. Diana visited the USA multiple times during her marriage to then-Prince Charles, and increasingly after their separation in 1992 and divorce in 1996. However, she never visited Philadelphia, or even watched an Eagles game in another state. Mr Edelstein who met the Princess at Grace Kelly's funeral, told The Philadelphia Inquirer after her death that he found Diana to be a "very warm person, very sweet, very kind". Apart from wearing the jacket when dropping Prince Harry off at school in 1991, Princess Diana also wore it for an off-duty trip to Alton Towers theme park with her young sons. The trip took place in April 1994, just three years before her death. A very similar style of Princess Diana's custom bomber jacket can be bought on Etsy for £122.30.