Following pictures Ivanka Trump shared on her Instagram, her fans have expressed concern for the mum-of-three's health. They believe she has lost a lot of weight since her mother's death, in July last year. Although it is not clear whether she has lost weight, she has previously spoken about her health, revealing what diet and exercise regime she follows to stay slim and healthy. Last week, Ivanka shared a picture of herself in a cowgirl outfit - she donned a black waistcoat, low-rise, wide-leg black trousers, and a thick belt. A small part of her stomach was on display, showing a glimpse of her abs. The 41-year-old's post was inundated with comments, with many of her followers noting how slim she looked. Instagram user @suzan12303 wrote: "Wow, she is so skinny." Penny Dee commented: "Gorgeous as always, however, you look like you’ve lost a lot of weight, look after yourself, beautiful girl. Love to you all." User @quinton_dipak added: "Take care Ivanka." READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: Doctor shares Duchess’ ‘secret’ to slim frame The comments were similar to a post Ivanka shared last month, in which she posed with her husband, Jared, while going for a walk. Instagram user @kateparias wrote: "You lost so much weight since your mom passed away. Don't get me wrong it's not body shaming, I'm just concerned. You're always beautiful and I'm sure you'll be the first female president of the US, please take care." User @tmmills429 added: "Worried about Ivanka, she’s way too skinny." While it's not clear whether Ivanka has lost weight in recent months, the 41-year-old also follows a balanced diet to make sure she stays healthy.  Ivanka's diet and exercise regime has changed a lot over the years. Back in 2016, she told Eat This, Not That! that she “ate like a teenager”. Before her pregnancy, she said she ate “carbs three times a day usually in the form of pasta or pizza.” She continued: “Slowly, I started to actually enjoy, if not crave, these healthier options. Now healthy eating is the norm for me, especially at breakfast and lunch.” Post-pregnancy, Ivanka said she consumed a balanced diet, based on “making the right choices”. She ate healthy, filling foods like salmon, chicken, salad, and vegetable soup, as well as healthy fats like fatty fish, including salmon and mackerel, to keep one feeling fuller for longer. However, Ivanka noted that she stayed away from juices, saying: “I tried a juice cleanse, and it was a total disaster. For the eight hours that I lasted, I felt like I was on the brink of starvation.” To maintain her healthy and slim physique, Ivanka avoids processed carbs and focuses instead on complex carbohydrates, such as whole grains and oats, according to The Daily Meal. According to My Morning Routine, Ivanka starts her days with a “large glass with lemon”, followed by “a big cup of coffee”. This is after she has woken up at 5.30am to meditate and work out “or both”.  She said: "I like to be fully ready for the day before my children get up so that my mornings are completely focused on them. Meditation is one of the most important things I do each day. I meditate for twenty minutes, ideally twice daily. Sometimes I miss the afternoon session, but I always make the morning one. It's been invaluable in terms of calming my mind and allowing me to think more clearly.” Ivanka also does a “fusion workout”, which combines yoga, Pilates, dance, and meditation. She has recently shared yoga videos and instructions on her Instagram, inspiring her followers to take up the practice.