Christian Horner has disagreed with George Russell over F1 pre-season testing rules. The Mercedes star called for F1 bosses to allow teams to run two cars in Bahrain with just three days of running allowed before the first Grand Prix of the season. However, Horner has pushed back against the proposals after Red Bull had a successful opening day. The team principal denied he wanted to see changes and claimed three days was “enough”. Horner said: “Look at the reliability we've had, we had one red flag very early on and that rectified pretty quickly. These regulations are pretty stable and one could even argue the opposite. "When you look at the reliability and so on, you could almost say, with the amount of races that promoters are looking to cram in now, why not go to two days of testing and then go racing? "Because if that does create a little bit of a more mixed field at the beginning of the year, is that such a bad thing, and you've enough of the year [left] to sort it out.” READ MORE: Christian Horner caught laughing at Mercedes rival Toto Wolff Red Bull enjoyed a confident first day in Bahrain with Verstappen topping the timesheets. The Dutchman set a 1:32,837, a fraction ahead of Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso but four-tenths faster than Carlos Sainz’s Ferrari. More confidently, Verstappen managed a staggering 157 laps which is the same as three Grand Prix distances. Mercedes managed 160 laps between their two drivers with Hamilton P6 and Russell P9. However, Verstappen raised fears over the lack of running ahead of the test as the Silver Arrows desperately try to find form after a disappointing 2022. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen chat at F1 testing is not good news for Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Christian Horner and Zak Brown eyeing mega engine partnership [ANALYSIS]McLaren boss fires 'short-sighted' accusation at Wolff and Horner [COMMENT] He explained: “Personally speaking, I don't think three days is enough, because you have got to remember from a driver's perspective, that is one and a half days per driver. “We were fortunate to do the [Silverstone filming days] last week, but had we not, that would have been getting on for 12 weeks out of the car from Abu Dhabi to Bahrain. “Could you imagine Rafael Nadal spending 12 weeks without hitting a ball and then going straight into the French Open with one and a half days of training? You know, it just wouldn't ever happen.”