Microwaves are a great way to speed up the process of heating up food, but just as with ovens, they tend to get splattered with leftover bits of food and grime. The key to keeping a clean microwave is to maintain it regularly, cleaning every few days at the very least – depending on how often you use it. As it had been over a week since my microwave was last cleaned the stains had heavily built up. But worry not, experts have shared that cleaning this appliance doesn’t have to be tough or expensive, and households can actually employ the help of miraculous baking soda to do the dirty work for them. The inside of my microwave was covered in food splatters and grease, which is often hard to remove unless done so straight away when it occurs. However, it had all settled and become rock solid, proving for it to be difficult to wipe away. After asking a cleaning expert for an “easy” yet “effective” way to clean microwaves, she suggested using baking soda. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, cleaning expert Sarah Dempsey at myjobquote.co.uk, said: “You can easily clean your microwave with baking soda and water. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn limescale from my kettle “Not only does this method clean the microwave effectively, but it will also help to remove any lingering odours from the microwave. “This simple method should be enough to get rid of most dirt and grime out of a microwave.” She noted that all households will need for this hack is baking soda, water and a cloth. Baking soda is a valuable tool for many reasons. It can be used to eliminate odours, lift up baked goods, and clean appliances. DON'T MISS5 ‘common' bedroom mistakes to ‘avoid’ a ‘cheap and tacky' aesthetic [EXPERT]Remove orange grout stains in ‘5 minutes’ with ‘effective’ spray [TIPS]Florist shares how ‘not’ to take care of flowers - they ‘will die’ [COMMENT] On top of that, it’s readily available, affordable, and eco-friendly, making it a fine replacement for any other toxic cleaners households might already be using. To begin I half filled a microwave-safe container and added two heaped tablespoons of baking soda, making sure to mix them together. I used Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Robert Dyas for £2.50. It’s worth noting that any baking soda can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p. I then placed the container into the microwave and put it on the hottest setting for around two minutes. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove a yellow stain from a white top - photos After a short time, the water started bubbling. I then left the microwave door closed for a further two minutes for the steam to help stent the stains. Once the two minutes were up, I took the container out and used a damp microfibre cloth to wipe around the inside of the appliance. The glass container was extremely hot so I had to use a tea towel to remove it. I wasn’t convinced this hack would work because the grime was extremely stubborn but it easily wiped away and the food smells had disappeared. For those who have tried this hack and found that this method isn’t quite enough to get the microwave sparkling clean, Sarah shared another way to get rid of those stubborn stains. Start by adding around four tablespoons of baking soda to roughly a quart of warm water. Stir the mixture until the powder has dissolved. Dip a cloth or sponge into this mixture and wipe it all over the inside of the microwave. Combine equal parts distilled white vinegar and warm water in a microwave-safe bowl. Place the bowl in the microwave and run the microwave for three minutes on a high power setting. If it needs longer, put it on for a few more minutes until the water is boiling. Once the water has been brought to a boil, keep the microwave door shut and leave it for at least 10 minutes. Then, open up the microwave and remove the bowl. Remove the carousel and turntable and leave these to soak in hot, soapy water. Wipe the microwave’s interior with the water and vinegar solution until all of the substances (including the baking soda) have been removed. Wipe and rinse the turntable and carousel and dry them thoroughly before replacing them in the microwave. The expert said: “This should be enough to remove all of the stubborn stains in your microwave. If not, you can repeat the process until all of the stubborn bits of dirt and grime have been completely removed.”