Chelsea are reportedly ready to continue their huge transfer outlay under co-owner Todd Boehly and splash out on Manchester United target Victor Osimhen. Despite spending over £300m in January - including a record £107m deal for Enzo Fernandez - there have been concerns that the Blues still do not have a number nine to spearhead their attack, which could be Chelsea’s next investment. The Mirror have claimed that Chelsea have joined the race to sign Napoli sensation Osimhen in the summer, while Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the Nigerian striker. Napoli want around £100million for their star man, having spent an initial £62m to sign him from Lille in 2020. The 24-year-old will likely be one of the most sought-after players on the market in the summer as he has scored 14 goals in 16 Serie A appearances so far this campaign, while Napoli have looked one of the most impressive sides in Europe and sit 13 points clear of second-placed Inter Milan at the top of the table. Despite Chelsea’s huge transfer outlay, Kai Havertz has remained Potter’s first-choice striker while United are also hunting for a number nine after Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract at Old Trafford was terminated before the World Cup. Osimhen is reportedly on the Red Devils’ shortlist of potential summer signings alongside Harry Kane, Goncalo Ramos and Mohamed Kudus but Chelsea are said to be ready to spend whatever it takes to sign the Nigerian forward. Wout Weghorst was signed on loan from Burnley last month as a short-term option, but if the funds are available in the summer then United are expected to target a top-level striker such as Osimhen. His contract at Napoli expires in 2025 and the Italian side may be under pressure to cash in on their star if it becomes clear that he will not sign a new deal at the club. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap Former Chelsea and United boss Jose Mourinho recently highlighted one element of Osimhen’s game that neither of his former clubs would be too impressed with, in a potential warning to his suitors. “He is of the same level as [Didier] Drogba, but Didier didn’t dive,” Mourinho said after his Roma side’s 2-1 defeat to Napoli, when Osimhen scored the game’s opening goal with a stunning volley. “If Victor changes, then OK. I’d buy him if I was at a club with a lot of money. However, if he does go to England one day, he needs to change, because in Italy they put up with this sort of behaviour, whereas in the Premier League, they’d come down hard on him. "I told him that he scored a wonderful goal and needs to stop diving so much. His goal was fantastic, he did the same thing when we met earlier this season, so he’s a fantastic player. But he mustn’t dive.” 