The Wales children first started attending Lambrook School in Berkshire in September 2022. It was a new venture for them as their family moved from central London to a quieter part of the country - a more rural area with bigger houses and bigger gardens. George, nine, and Charlotte, seven, attended Thomas' School in Battersea before moving to Berkshire. The school is a white stucco house surrounded by parkland, and only a short drive from Adelaide Cottage, the Wales' residence near Windsor Castle. Parents of pupils at the school said it offers a modern, cosy and nurturing take on the quintessential prep school experience. A source told the Telegraph: "Even the most local parents like the idea of their smalls being able to stay over for a night when necessary - it means they can throw dinner parties and have hangovers without having to get the kids to school the next day." READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving A parent, who sent their child elsewhere, added: "Everything at Lambrook is freshly painted - it’s very blue chip parent wise and the children are all very polite. "On our open day tour the children all made personalised Lambrook key rings in the DT centre, and were sent home with Lambrook wooden yo-yos in a Lambrook reusable jute bag - I dread to think how much it cost them." Education at Lambrook isn't cheap. Termly fees are currently £4,389 from reception and £6,448 from year three. Prince Louis’ education costs £17,556, Princess Charlotte’s costs £25,792 and the highest fees are Prince George’s classes, which cost £27,996 per year. DON'T MISS:‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [TIPS]‘No-go’ bathroom paint colours to avoid - makes the room feel ‘dated’ [EXPERT]‘One of the best houseplants’ to ‘remove dust’ from your home [COMMENT  In total, this is a huge £71,344 a year - and counting, as fees increase for parents as their children move up through their classes. It is also one of the best private schools in Britain, having been featured in guides such as Talk Education. In the prestigious guide, Lambrook is described as "pretty bucolic". READ MORE: ‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ It added: "We spotted children cartwheeling on the croquet lawn, racing around with cricket bats and swinging from old tyres hanging from the trees, sporting proper rosy cheeks and a healthy outdoorsy glow. "The school is anchored around a pristine, grand white country house, with a nursery and pre-prep on site. There’s a sense of delicious freedom and fresh air." The school is close to the Wales' home, which is a pink-painted house called Adelaide Cottage. It has four bedrooms and large, private gardens and was once home to Peter Townsend, the equerry to George VI, whom Princess Margaret wanted to marry in the 1950s. Before Lambrook, George and Charlotte attended Thomas' School in Battersea, while Louis, four, was at Willcocks Nursery School in West London. It cost Kate and William £14,500 a year for him to attend. Founded in 1964, Willcocks Nursery offers its students many activities such as jigsaws, poetry, drama, and even cooking lessons. Students attend classes such as French and Maths, while also taking trips to nearby museums. The Nursery describes itself on its website as "a traditional nursery school which strives to maintain its ethos for high standards, excellence and good manners".