Joe Biden has snapped back at reporters after being asked how the US would respond to China arming Russia's onslaught against Ukraine. The 46th POTUS was addressing reporters on the White House's South Lawn before departing on Marine One shortly after 5.20pm yesterday.  The 80-year-old Commander-in-Chief was asked: "If China starts arming Russia in Ukraine, what are you going to do?" President Biden replied: "You think I’d tell you if I -- if they did, you think I’d announce it ahead of time?" When asked if Washington was worried about Beijing assisting Moscow, he added: "There’s no evidence of that so far. "And, by the way, I had a long conversation with [Chinese leader] Xi [Jinping] about this in the summer. JUST IN: US slaps 200 new sanctions on Russia as Putin told END Ukraine war "And I said: 'Look, this is not a threat. It’s just a statement. When, in fact, Europeans saw what was happening, and Americans saw what’s happening in Russia -- in Europe, guess what? "Six hundred corporations pulled out. They left. They didn’t want to be associated.' "I said: 'You told me that the future of China rests on investment from the Western world. And that matters.' I said: 'I’d just keep on eye that.'" Biden's remarks come amid reports that China is considering whether to provide "lethal support" to Russia as it continues with its invasion of the ex-Soviet state.  China's top diplomat Wang Yi also visited the Kremlin earlier this week to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin. Following the meeting, Wang said: "China is ready to work with Russia to maintain the good momentum of the new type of relations between major countries." However, Beijing's Foreign Affairs Ministry recently unveiled its 12-point plan to bring a settlement to what is has dubbed the "Ukraine crisis". China's plan includes respecting sovereignty, moving away from a so-called "Cold War mentality", ending conflict, resuming peace talks, resolving the humanitarian crisis, protecting civilians, protecting prisoners of war, keeping nuclear power plants safe, reducing strategic risks, facilitating grain exports, stopping unilateral sanctions, stabilising supply chains and promoting reconstruction after the war ends. DON'T MISS Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley [REPORT] Despite comments on the South Lawn, Biden later told ABC's David Muir that the US "would respond" if China were to supply Russia with "lethal weapons". Muir asked: "There would be serious consequences?" Biden said: "I'll let you characterise what they would be. We would respond." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews