Like the rest of our bodies, our mouths require looking after to ensure they stay healthy. Regular brushing, flossing and even tongue scraping are some ways to prevent certain issues. However, some changes in our mouths could be due to something serious. With this in mind, dental surgeon Doctor Nilesh Parmar spoke with Express.co.uk about some signs in your mouth to be wary of. One such sign is leukoplakia - or white patches in your mouth. These can appear on the tongue, inside of the cheeks and even gums. Dr Parmar said it could be a symptom of oral cancer - also known as mouth cancer.  READ MORE: Seven warning signs that can help uncover 'difficult to spot' bed bugs He explained: “White lesions which persist in the mouth for longer than two weeks should always be investigated. “These can be due to trauma such as the tongue rubbing up against a sharp tooth, or something more serious like oral cancer. “This is much more common in smokers and alcoholics and if caught early can be removed and the patient treated successfully.” According to the NHS, these patches:   “If you have leukoplakia, there's a small risk it could progress to mouth cancer over time,” the health service warns. “This is why it's important to see your dentist or GP if you have a white patch in your mouth.” It also advises seeking medical help if the patch has been there for more than two weeks. If your doctor has concerns about the patch they might recommend getting it removed. READ MORE: Half of young people at 'increased risk' of 'key' vitamin deficiency - diet could be cause  The NHS says: “Treatment for leukoplakia is not always needed, but you'll have regular check-ups to make sure the patch is not getting bigger. “An operation is sometimes needed to remove the patch if there's a risk it could become cancerous. “This may be done while the area is numbed (local anaesthetic) or while you're asleep (general anaesthetic). “The patch can be removed in a number of ways, including using a laser or a surgical scalpel. Your mouth should heal quickly afterwards.”  One of the main causes of leukoplakia and mouth cancer is smoking. Other ways to reduce your risk include: Mouth cancer can also present as: If you experience any of these symptoms you should see a GP. 