Rafael Benitez has paid an emotional tribute to Christian Atsu, whose body was found under the rubble of his home almost two weeks after the devastating earthquake that hit Turkey. Atsu was playing for Super Lig side Hatayspor and was reported missing in Antakya following the earthquakes that hit Turkey and Syria on February 6.  Atsu's agent, Nana Sechere, then confirmed on Saturday that the footballer's body had been found under the rubble of his home. "It is with the heaviest of hearts that I have to announce to all well-wishers that sadly Christian Atsu's body was recovered this morning," he tweeted. "My deepest condolences go to his family and loved ones. I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for their prayers and support." The tragic news sparked an outpouring of tributes to the Ghanaian, who had spells with both Newcastle and Everton in the Premier League. It was Benitez who brought in Atsu on a permanent basis at Newcastle with the pair building up a close working relationship. And the Spaniard revealed in the build-up to Newcastle's clash with Liverpool that he had reached out to Atsu just weeks before the footballer's death.  "It's really sad because he was a nice, nice, special person," Benitez said on Sky Sports. "He was a good professional. I don't talk about if he's a good player or not, he was a nice lad and a good player, but especially really nice person "So a special person and everybody always, you can see the pictures, always with a smile playing or not playing." He added: "I was in contact with him last month.  "We were sharing some messages - it's very difficult for me to express in English - but I was feeling so bad and I was trying to contact him. I was talking with an ex-player that was playing in Turkey and he told me that he was talking with a member of the staff and he was feeling that he had bad news. "Also, I don't want to forget the rest of the people because there are a lot of people that have been in a really difficult time and I think we have to help in a way and today we have to remember Christian. Really sad." Atsu's wife and children were present at St James' Park for Newcastle's match against Liverpool. There was a minute's applause for the former Newcastle winger before kick-off.