Manchester United star Marcus Rashford was spotted limping out of Old Trafford following his side’s 2-1 win over Barcelona on Thursday night. And, now, Erik ten Hag has provided an update on the 25-year-old. The Red Devils will be hoping to win a first trophy since 2017 when they lock horns with Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday (4.30pm). Speaking at a pre-match press conference, Ten Hag admitted he was unsure if Rashford would be available for the match against Newcastle. “I don't know,” said the 53-year-old, who will be hoping to claim his first piece of silverware since taking charge of the team. “Players are now coming in, we have to do investigations, medical, so straight after a game you can't say, you have to wait for medical.” Should Rashford miss out, that will give Ten Hag a dilemma. He could play Alejandro Garnacho from the start, with the teenager impressing off the bench against Barcelona on Thursday night. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Garnacho could slot in on the left, with Jadon Sancho, Bruno Fernandes and Wout Weghorst also featuring. And Antony also gives the Dutchman another option, too, after the Brazil international downed Barcelona with a terrific late goal on Thursday night. United have struggled to win trophies ever since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. They did win two under Jose Mourinho, and the FA Cup during Louis van Gaal’s stint in the dugout, but have lost their last two finals. Ten Hag, however, is relishing the showdown at Wembley as he looks to achieve success at the first time of asking. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “It's great we take every game serious, every league serious. If you play, you want to win,” said the 53-year-old. “It’s a great opportunity to get the silverware in, football is all about glory and honour. “We deserve to play in the final and we have a great chance to win the cup. “The fans are waiting for it [a trophy], so we’ll do everything we can. "You see the direction that we have to follow that line to improve, to beat the best.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United remain in with a chance of winning a historic quadruple after their win over Barcelona. And Ten Hag has hailed the victory against Xavi’s side, while also insisting the Red Devils still have plenty of work to do. “They are one of the best teams in Europe,” he said of Barcelona. “If you can beat them it's great. Sunday is a challenge again, it's totally different but it's great to play them." He added: “It's not success but the road to success. Success is trophies. "We have a squad we use and when we play four competitions we need a squad. We can choose formations that we think are most effective.” Anthony Martial and Nick Pope will both be missing at Wembley, with Ten Hag confirming that situation regarding the former. And the Dutchman also refused to delve into Newcastle and the absence of Pope. When quizzed, he said: That's for them to sort. We know it. “It's definitely not an advantage [for them]. "We have to test it that's quite obvious.” 