Madonna showed off her smooth visage as she joked that the “swelling from surgery has gone down". Taking to Twitter today, the Material Girl hitmaker made fun of her critics who have repeatedly mocked her appearance. In a selfie shared on social media, Madonna posed for the camera wearing an oversized navy shirt and distressed jeans. The 64-year-old wore light pink eyeshadow and nude lipstick, styling her bright orange hair in braids. Madonna completed her look with a black cap which read: "Spiritually hungry". Captioning the post, she wrote: "Look how cute I am now that swelling from surgery has gone down. Lol." READ MORE: Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' Madonna's fans were loving the new snap, with one person labelling her: "The Queen of the Universe!" While a second remarked: “Trolling or being honest? Doesn’t matter. This is the most real tweet ever. Yes, you do look cute @socialdiva.” A third commented: “Slay Queen.” It comes as fans took to social media to share their confusion over Madonna’s appearance at the 2023 Grammy Awards held two weeks ago. The Vogue songstress took the stage to introduce Kim Petras and Sam Smith for their Unholy appearance when fans commented on her look — specifically her face. “Me attempting to ignore the fact that Madonna has a whole new face. #GRAMMYs,” one fan tweeted along with a meme video of Adele looking confused at a basketball game. “Whaaaaaat happened to Madonna’s face?! #GRAMMYs,” someone else wrote. “This legit looks like a Madonna impersonator with pics of the [sic] real Madonna in the background. DONT MISS:Helen Mirren awkwardly corrects Alison Hammond over Queen at BAFTA (PHOTOS)Holly Willoughby channels Hollywood goddess in jaw-dropping gold dress (NEWS)James Bond hopeful Rege-Jean Page wows at BAFTAs after fall (LATEST) The Material Girl songstress kept her hair back in braid ponytails with dangling tight braids down the front sides of her face, which appeared neutral with her bleached eyebrows. “Here’s what I’ve learned after four decades in music,” she began in her speech. “If they call you shocking, scandalous, troublesome, problematic, provocative, or dangerous, you’re definitely onto something.” The Queen of Pop thanked all of her fellow “rebels” for “forging a new path and taking the heat for all of it.” Madonna — who will hit the road later this year for her Celebration tour — has been one to receive comments continuously for her face. Plastic surgeons have speculated that she’s had a facelift, nose job, and “pulled back” skin — among other work.