Phillip Schofield, 60, came out exactly three years ago on This Morning as he shared the "guilt, pain and confusion" he felt over the situation. Express.co.uk takes a look at the Dancing on Ice host's life since, including his new friends, "boyfriend" claims and the latest on his divorce. Phillip announced on Instagram he was coming out, prior to appearing on This Morning to discuss the announcement in February 2020. The ITV presenter had been married to his wife Stephanie Lowe for 27 years at this point, with the couple having two children together. He said at the time of his family: "Steph has been incredible – I love her so very much. She is the kindest soul I have ever met. "My girls have been astonishing in their love, hugs and encouraging words of comfort." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Lisa Riley terrified after she required four surgeries At his lowest, Phillip admitted that he went down to nine stone due to stress, but credited his co-presenter Holly Willoughby for helping him make the decision. Not long after this, the UK went into lockdown with the coronavirus pandemic, and Phillip isolated alongside his family in his £2million home. He used this time to document his journey in his autobiography, Life Is What You Make It, and hit out at the cruel intentions he misled his estranged wife. He wrote: "I didn't know I was gay when I married Steph. If I had, I wouldn't have gotten married." Once restrictions eased, it was then reported that Phillip was splashing out on a semi-detached bachelor pad in Chiswick, London. Since his announcement, there has been constant discussion about when or whether Steph and Phil will file for divorce. He told Chris Evans on his podcast, How to Wow: "I'm still married to Steph. With a divorce, we've not discussed that at all. "We're picking our way through. It's a work in progress." DON'T MISS... Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back [INSIGHT] Ola Jordan wears sexy lingerie to go shopping as James issues warning [PICS] Heidi Klum parties the night away in hot pants before posing in towel [HOLLYWOOD] The former couple, however, remains close, with Phillip spending Christmas with his wife and children. He told The Mirror last year: "Christmas lunch for me and the family is always very traditional. "Traditions-wise for me is just having family time, that is always essential. My daughters are both Christmas fiends and although they are now 26 and 28, they still put an oat arrow out on the lawn pointing Santa to the house." Since coming out, Phillip has been met with several rumours of a "boyfriend" on the scene, with Holly asking him back in 2020 if there was anyone special. He replied: "No, I don't think so. No, I'm not thinking about it. I’m doing each day at a time now and this has always been a slow process." Graham Norton was even asked if he would ever date the This Morning presenter, with the presenter replying with a quip. He said: "I imagine Pip has some secret boyfriend squirrelled away somewhere. I'm sure he has. I don't know Pip. I don't know why I'm calling him Pip. "I remember what it was like keeping that secret when I was a kid. To keep that secret for presumably 30, 40 years, what that does to you. It's so strange." You can watch Phillip Schofield on Dancing on Ice from 6.25pm on ITV One