Before the release of his book Spare, Prince Harry sat down for several interviews with media in both the UK and the USA. Body language expert Louise Mahler watched the royal’s conversation with CNN’s Anderson Cooper and claims to have noticed several signs of “incongruence” which “indicates sadness”. During a video for Sunrise, Louise said: “First of all, his breathing. At times he actually rocked [back and forth], that’s what people do when their diaphragm has changed and they stop breathing altogether. “This is not a sign of happiness, happiness is a bouncing diaphragm, and laughing is a bouncing diaphragm. “Then he clearly breaks his sentences in the middle, which shows again, the air is not flowing in his body.” Prince Harry was then heard saying: “I don’t see it as cutting, at all,” in reference to his comment about Prince William balding. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is a ‘performer’ when in public - expert claims Louise claimed: “It doesn’t make sense. Then, of course, we get this sealed mouth and jaw. “His bottom teeth are meeting his front teeth, the lower jaw is sticking out constantly and what we’re getting then, is, an 's' that sort of attacks, aggressively every time he says a word with an 's'. He then with his mouth closed, is sticking his tongue out. “Now sticking your tongue out when your mouth is open is a sexual gesture, however, if your mouth is closed - and at times it comes right out of his mouth, it’s anxiety. It’s a very unusual thing for someone to do. DON'T MISS...Keep potatoes edible for ‘months’ with new storage advice [GUIDE]Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny [HOW TO]Best gadget to ‘hygienically clean’ clothes and ‘kill 99% of bacteria' [VIDEO] “The left side of his mouth also goes up which is a sign of contempt, and he does that quite often when he mentions William,” she suggested. “There is no smile, a couple of little bursts of sarcastic laughs. His head is stiff, this is defensiveness - when we get defensive, we jam out neck and it stiffens the head, his head is stiff. “This is the incongruence that for me says sadness,” Louise claimed. READ MORE: Kate Middleton uses ‘distracting technique’ when talking to children This is opposite to what body language expert Darren Stanton said about Prince Harry’s body language during his appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Darren said Harry is “clearly loving life in California”. He expanded: “While speaking about moving to America, I saw genuine flashes of happiness and joy, which is something I haven’t seen in previous interviews. “While he did flash some expressions of sadness [about speaking about Princess Diana’s death], his body language was consistent with someone who was speaking from the heart.” “Overall”, Darren thought it was a “great interview with Harry” who was “extremely open” and direct. The expert told Betfair Casino how Harry didn’t “sidestep” or “object to any questions” which suggests he was “happy and relaxed to speak about all areas of his life”. Darren also noticed how Harry mirrored the host's body language for much of the interview and said he “seemed relaxed” to be there.