Janette Manrara, 39, spoke to Express.co.uk about what her “tough days” look like as she revealed what she misses the most from home. The American-born professional dancer admitted that while the UK is “home” now, she still thinks about life back in the US sometimes. Janette, who has been happily married to fellow dancer and Strictly star Aljaž Škorjanec since 2017, highlighted the importance of remembering it is possible to “come out the other end” of tough times. The It Takes Two presenter said: “The UK is my home now. I feel it deep in my heart. “My family and the place where I grew up, Miami, will always be where I come from and my roots, and I try and get back as much as I can as I really do miss them, but Aljaz and I feel so loved and welcome here. “We get to do what we love for work, and we have an amazing group of friends that have become like family to us. Everyone has tough days, we’re human." READ MORE: Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer The TV star added: “I wanted to share that because it’s important to show that we all have moments and that we can all come out the other end of it always.” Asked what she misses the most about living in Miami, Janette revealed the weather was an important factor. Janette said: “I miss the sun! Haha! Weather-wise, Miami and the beaches are beautiful!” Looking back on her family life, Janette added: “But I miss being around my family most. Seeing my little cousins growing up (they grow so fast) missing birthdays, weddings, etc. that’s tough. “But I know my family is extremely proud of all of my achievements and whenever we are together, we spend the best and most wonderful quality time together.” Elsewhere in the interview, Janette revealed the unusual promise her husband Aljaz Škorjanec made in his wedding vows. Janette Manrara and Aljaž Škorjanec are one of the fan-favourite Strictly Come Dancing couples, with the pair first getting together over a decade ago. She has now revealed the secret to their happy marriage as she lifted the lid on the promise her beau made during their wedding vows. DON'T MISSAshley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [PICTURES]Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers [NEWS]Hollywood icon Raquel Welch dies at 82 following 'brief illness' [LATEST] Janette loves Disney so much that Aljaž made the promise in his wedding vows to take her to a Disney Park once a year. Asked about her involvement in the new Disney Parks campaign, she told Express.co.uk: “I think I may be one of the UK’s biggest Disney fans, so when I heard about this competition, it really was a no brainer to get involved. “I’m so passionate about Disney Parks, having first visited Walt Disney World aged one. “Since then I think I’m up to 43 visits to just Walt Disney World, we did our mini-moon at Disneyland Paris and Aljaž even said as part of his wedding vows that he would take me to a Disney Park once a year.” The TV star continued: “It really is a competition of a lifetime, where 10 finalists get to take their families and friends along with them to Disneyland Paris, Walt Disney World and onboard Disney Cruise Line, to compete to be crowned UK’s Biggest Disney Fan and I’m so excited to share that experience with the finalists and to get to meet them all and share our passion for all things Disney.” Janette and Aljaž rose to fame on Strictly Come Dancing in 2013. The pair have credited the show for saving them as they were initially long distance after meeting through the world of dance and getting together in 2010. In 2015, Aljaž proposed to the brunette beauty and they went on to marry in 2017.