The cold winter air and low humidity can wreak havoc on the head, causing dry scalp dandruff to become more common in these months. Shoppers have found that there is a shampoo that can instantly treat the irritating condition and it’s a bargain at under £10. If you’re suffering from dandruff or an itchy scalp, one of the easiest ways to fix it is to switch your shampoo to a more specialist product. With over 25,000 glowing reviews, the Nizoral Anti-Dandruff Shampoo has been praised by Amazon shoppers for being a bargain ‘miracle’ product that instantly soothes flaky scalps. Available from only £6.06 up, it is clinically proven to treat dandruff and it is a medicated treatment that starts working from the first wash. Express.co.uk spoke to Stephanie Sey, top trichologist for Nizarol on the shampoo and why its one of the best ways to stop an itchy scalp. Nizarol is formulated with Ketoconazole which is a powerful anti-fungal ingredient that stops the growth of the yeast Malassezia and is key in fighting dandruff. She says: “Malassezia is a contributing factor to dandruff, so using ketoconazole helps control and effectively treat the cause, as well as the symptoms.” Dandruff can also be potentially caused by a poor balanced diet, and she adds: “Processed foods like ready meals and fast food are typically high in sugar, salt, and unhealthy fats, as well as chemical additives. “These foods have very little in the way of the nutrients that our body needs to stay healthy, such as vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants.” If you want to help improve your diet to soothe dandruff, incorporating supplements Vitamin D, B1, B7 and B2, can help support immune health and maintain healthy skin. The Nizarol shampoo is also incredibly easy to use as all you need to do is apply the shampoo to your hand and massage it into your scalp. Make sure to leave it in for three to five minutes before rinsing it out and you can use it every three or four days for two to four weeks to treat dandruff. Suitable on all hair types and gentle on the scalp, shoppers have praised it with some 92 percent recommending it to friends or family. A Medical Writer commented: “This shampoo is excellent and gets rid of dandruff quite quickly.” Bella Rose agreed: “This is a miracle product.” She continues: “I had a really dry, itchy, scaly scalp to the point there would be chunks every time I washed my hair and brushed it. The itching was insufferable sometimes causing me to scratch so much it would cause sores and scabs. I used this as per the instructions and it has completely cleared my scalp and I don’t suffer in the slightest.” Looley also wrote: “I was experiencing an itchy, flaky scalp and boils, and this helped to eradicate these problems.” Nizoral Anti-Dandruff shampoo is available on Amazon for £6.06 if you subscribe and £6.38 for one-time purchases.