Such a conflict would be the biggest thing to hit humanity since World War Two. This, at a time when Britain's armed forces have been woefully underfunded while the UK may not even be able to defend its own skies against attack. Whether or not Chinese balloons - surveillance or otherwise - have entered US airspace before this year, it feels now like things are escalating fast. It is worth noting that, given China's manufacturing capabilities thanks to years of Western outsourcing, China could well manufacture vast numbers of decoys as well in an attempt to exhaust supplies of defensive capabilities. What we do know is that on February 4, a high-altitude balloon was shot down after moving for days over the US, allegedly to monitor sensitive military sites. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) admits it was their balloon but claims it was a weather monitoring device. However, given China's military-civil fusion which promotes the use of dual-use technology and two-way transfer, a weather balloon could still have military or surveillance applications. For instance, such balloons could collect data such as air pressure for use in radar and missile systems. Since the first balloon, US fighter jets have shot down three other high-altitude objects over American and Canadian airspace. This comes as Taiwan - the island democracy the CCP claims as its own - revealed that Chinese military balloons fly frequently into its airspace, a possible warning sign of a coming invasion, something several senior US officials have been warning about. Balloon incursions have also been observed by Japan - a US ally which is fast re-militarising - as well as the Philippines, which recently strengthened its ties with Washington. Japan is considered a rival state by Beijing, which claims Japan's Senkaku Islands as its own (islands the CCP calls the Diaoyu Islands). The Philippines meanwhile has its own maritime disputes with the CCP, and the latter uses the "nine dash line" to claim sovereignty over most of the resource-rich South China Sea. It is not coincidental that the Senkakus are just north of Taiwan and the South China Sea just south. Control over the seas around Taiwan would enable the CCP to control major trade routes and push the US out of the region. The Philippines also recently accused a Chinese coast guard ship of directing a “military-grade laser light” at one of its coastguard vessels on February 6, disrupting a mission towards a disputed shoal in the South China Sea's Spratly Islands, whose sovereignty is also disputed by China.  Last year, the Royal Australian Air Force also accused China of using lasers. Meanwhile, researchers at the National Astronomy Observatory of Japan (NAOJ) published a video in January which showed a set of green lasers flashing across the sky in the US state of Hawaii. NAOJ later said it was likely from a Chinese satellite. This all adds up to an increasingly tense global situation. The fact the first balloon over North American airspace appeared to hover over USAF bases which host intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) may point to intelligence-gathering for a strike against US nuclear capabilities. Coincidentally, China's People's Liberation Army is looking to triple its amount of nuclear warheads in the near future. The concern in the medium-term is that the CCP is edging towards a blockade or invasion of Taiwan, something which could draw the US and its allies into full-blown war with China. The CCP may see a window of opportunity over Taiwan, which could close as the West and its allies build their weapons stockpiles back up (India is also boosting its defence budget amid tensions with China and Pakistan). In the near-term meanwhile, the CCP may seek to retaliate to the downing of the first balloon at least, perhaps engaging US surveillance aircraft, not necessarily in Chinese airspace but in airspace the CCP claims, which covers a much greater area such as the Taiwan Strait and the South China Sea. The growing risk of war in Asia puts most other "crises" into serious perspective. Aside from the military implications, the economic impact would be devastating, far exceeding anything seen during the pandemic or now with post-COVID inflation. While Taiwan may seem a long way from the UK, it seems inconceivable that Britain - a nuclear weapons state and a major US ally - could cheerfully sit out any war. Moreover it is worth remembering the UK still has a major US military presence, covering much of the south and east of England. Diego Garcia, an island of the British Indian Ocean Territory, hosts a major US military presence, and would likely be a military target for the PLA. Due to all of the above, the time has surely come to prepare the public - even at the risk of over-preparedness - for the possibility of total war. 