Following the success of its first two seasons, Outer Banks has just dropped its third season on Netflix and the crew are on the hunt for some treasure again. Ahead of the third season premiere, star Madelyn Cline revealed how the actors get that “very, very dirty” look among other season three secrets.  Actress Cline spoke with Netflix Tudum at the London Hotel in West Hollywood as she reflected on filming her recent projects. The Outer Banks actress also recently starred in Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery as Whiskey (Duke's girlfriend), a polar-opposite character to Sarah Cameron in Outer Banks. When asked about the comparison between the two, the actress joked: “I don't want to talk about it.” referring to Outer Banks’ realistic-looking grimy makeup. Cline explained: “When we’re not actually truly [covered in real mud and dirt], they put furniture polish or fake soot on us.”  “Lots of different things go into making us look very, very dirty. I’m going to be honest with you, some of this makeup that they used did not wash off for days.” The actress also opened up about her new challenge of temporarily taking over voice-over duties from co-star Chase Stokes. In an Outer Banks first, Cline is heard narrating two episodes from season three. She said: “I was really, really excited that they trusted me with it this year. It's always been John B’s, but Sarah’s journey is kind of internal [this season], and a voice-over feels like the voice in your head."  Fans saw a more vulnerable side of Sarah in the third running of the drama, as she faced many “emotional challenges”. The 25-year-old explained: “Sarah faces a lot of emotional challenges and some decisions that are not easy." Referring to her new voice-over role, she added: “So I'm grateful for it because it lets the audience into her thoughts and feelings and that’s helpful. It’s a very cool process to be a part of.” Along the way, the gang encountered new obstacles and challenges, while navigating their own personal relationships and struggles on the quest to hunt down the legendary city of El Dorado. The new season saw Sarah once again caught between two worlds, dealing with her troubled relationships with her father, Ward (Charles Esten), and also her brother, Rafe (Drew Starkey). Sarah’s family does not understand her love for John B and the rest of her friendship group, who are from the poorer part of town, the Pogues. Viewers saw Sarah face her traumas relating to her father from the previous two seasons. Season three delivered the same action-packed episodes with a perfect blend of suspense and romance that gripped fans in the first two outings. Bosses also confirmed fans can expect to see season four during a live event called Poguelandia in Huntington Beach, California on February 18. The Sarah Cameron star has a vague idea of what's in store for her character as she explained: “We end [season three] on an interesting note. "I mean, it’s Outer Banks — it’s adventure, always. I’m really curious to see where the story goes. Really, really curious.” The season four release date is yet to be confirmed. All seasons of Outer Banks are streaming on Netflix.