Kate, Princess of Wales visited the Oxford House Nursing Home on Tuesday in Slough. Oxford House is a family-run nursing home that first opened its doors to residents in 1980. The Princess of Wales heard about Oxford House’s use of cutting-edge, interactive technology used to enrich the lives of residents. She also joined a group taking part in a pancake-making activity to mark Shrove Tuesday. Kate stunned in her Max and Co. "Pure Wool Long Run Coat in Camel" for £470, which she teamed with her Ralph Lauren "Iconic Style Cashmere Turtleneck Jumper in Navy". The Princess then opted for her Roland Mouret "Lucanus" Trousers in Navy and accessorised with her Polene_Paris "Numéro Sept" (No 7) Mini Bag in Blue Grain Leather. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte has been given a quirky nickname at school  For footwear, Kate wore her Emmy London "Josie" Pumps in Midnight Blue for £330. But it was her circular blue earrings that caught royal fans' eyes. Royal fan @LadyParky79 tweeted: "It's official. I'm going to need these earrings," and added a picture of the Princess in Slough. They then wrote: "I've scoured the internet high and low. She's trolling me I swear..." Another royal watcher, @NYCRoyalWatcher added: "I have a feeling they belong to Carole. "My mum had earrings like that in the 80s/90s." Royal fashion account @KateMiddStyle commented: "Can't find them at all, wondering if they're vintage?" Megan Watkins, the Head Stylist at SilkFred, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain the style of earrings and why Kate may have worn them. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey'  She said: "The button-style earrings Kate is wearing here are very reminiscent of the 1980s era, and could potentially be vintage. "They're in a classic navy blue colour which Kate is a fan of, and have a lovely gold criss-cross pattern overlaid onto them, giving them a royal edge." According to the expert, the jewellery could be a homage to another member of the Royal Family. Megan added: "This round button style was worn by Princess Diana countless times during the 1980s.  "This could very well be the current Princess of Wales' inspiration." Royal fan @es.ndlpt wrote: "I’d wear this to work in a heartbeat! And I love the earrings. "That’s my favourite part. I love how she can elevate costume jewellery to look so regal." The fan added: "For real, I need these earrings. They are probably vintage but it makes me want to go to the thrift shop."