Princess Eugenie's "unlikely" US move would be a "blip on the radar" for the Royal Family, an expert has said. The 32-year-old royal was reportedly spotted stateside recently amid rumours of a move across the pond with husband Jack Brooksbank.  However, a US-based royal commentator believes such a move would have little impact in the UK and America. Marlene Koenig, a royal historian focusing on blue-blooded Brits and Europeans, told Express.co.uk: "Eugenie is now the niece of the king, no longer the granddaughter of the Queen. "She is HRH Princess Eugenie, Mrs Jack Brooksbank, official style but she lives a more private life. "She has no office at the Palace or official duties. JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan make joint appearance to present Archewell Foundation prize "A move to the US, which would surprise me, would be a blip on the radar." When asked if relocating to the US could have any similarities with Megxit, Ms Koenig added: "There is no comparison. "Eugenie does not use her title in her working career. "She is listed as Eugenie York on LinkedIn and on the Hauser and Wirth website. "Most Americans have no idea who Princess Eugenie is and there would be limited coverage. "Unlike the Sussexes, she has never had an official role within the Royal Family." Ms Koenig's comments come amid reports suggesting Eugenie and Mr Brooksbank are considering a move. The couple, who tied the knot in October 2018 and are expecting their second child this summer, were said to have received details of homes from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] A source told the Mail on Sunday: "With a growing family, it all feels like it is about new starts. This isn't just a pipe dream." The Mail on Sunday's Diary Editor Emily Prescott also claimed that Eugenie and Jack are looking at homes in the West Hollywood area of Los Angeles.