The internet and social media are packed with tips and tricks on how to save money and reduce bills, and it can be hard to know which ones actually work. With energy bills being one of the biggest outgoings for most households, making energy reduction changes is a priority for many people at the moment. Jonathan Rolande, from House Buy Fast, explained: “At the moment it can be tempting to follow every single piece of advice out there in relation to energy and money saving. “But, like anything, not all advice is good advice and I’ve become concerned in recent weeks about certain measures which are being promoted. “Obvious steps like taking shorter showers, wearing an extra layer of clothing and turning down the heating a degree will save you money. But there are other measures being suggested which aren’t right for many householders.” The expert has shared six “myths” which he is most concerned about, and the ones he warns Britons to be wary of adopting. Keeping windows closed when it is extremely cold can help to prevent draughts and reduce heat loss. However, it can cause condensation and mould to build up, which is expensive to fix in the long run. READ MORE: Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required Instead, the expert recommended allowing a little bit of ventilation inside the home as much as possible, especially when using the heating. He explained: “Having the heating on all day can make the inside of your home feel stuffy and can actually affect your health, leaving skin and sinuses uncomfortable and dry. “It can even result in headaches and nosebleeds. Many people resist opening a window for fear of losing heat from the house. Keeping them shut at all times reduces ventilation which can cause damp, mould and rot. “Try opening a window for five to 10 minutes a few times a day during the colder months, especially when cooking or after a shower and if you have them, keep trickle vents open.” DON'T MISS:Essential lawn tasks to create a ‘luscious’ lawn in a ‘few weeks’ [EXPERT]Kitchen expert shares simple’ changes to make for huge savings [COMMENT]Steps to ‘breathe life back’ into flat carpets this spring [EXPLAINER] This myth comes from the misconception that radiators emit most of their heat through radiation and the theory that darker colours radiate heat around better. The expert said this hack is “nonsense” and not how radiators work at all, as they work through convection. The expert explained: “It’s cheaper to run my appliances at night. This may be true, but not for most of us. While some households in the UK are on tariffs that vary depending on the time of day, the majority of customers pay the same rate at all times of day and night. “However, if you know you are already on an Economy tariff, or are considering switching to one, then running appliances during off-peak periods will be cheaper.” READ MORE: Six ‘interior designer’ changes to upgrade your bathroom Dishwashers often have a bad reputation for using lots of energy and making people’s bills higher, but the expert said dishwashers are not as bad for the environment as everyone might think. In some cases, when used properly, the dishwasher could actually use less energy than hand-washing dishes. This is, of course, if it is fully loaded and organised properly, so that every dish and pan surface is accessible to the water. Be careful not to overload the dishwasher though, as this could result in some crockery not being cleaned properly. Despite being promoted as a long-term way to cut energy costs, log burners actually create huge amounts of dust and pollution as well as needing safety checks each year. The pro said: “Also, right now, wood is increasingly expensive - around £80 per square meter, unless of course you are lucky to have a free supply. “They also only heat one room and provide just moderate secondary heat to nearby areas. Remember too you need a Carbon Monoxide (CO) detector if using. Log burners are also an increased fire risk and can rarely be used in rentals without permission.” Jonathan said this is a “classic myth”. He explained: “People often think that windows are a major problem because they can be draughty and cold draughts are very noticeable. “It’s true that double glazing is much better at keeping heat in than single glazing. But, out of the heat you lose from your home, you actually lose about 35 percent through the walls, about 25 percent through the roof, and only about 10 percent through the windows. “We’re not saying that double glazing is a waste of money, but it’s often better to make sure you've insulated the loft and walls first.”