Manchester United training pictures from Monday suggest the club could be without as many as five players for their Europa League clash with Barcelona. The Red Devils go into Thursday night’s tantalising clash hoping to book their place in the last 16 of the competition. And the tie is certainly in the balance after a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp last week. Manchester United were good in their draw with Barcelona, with the two teams putting on a show for the fans inside the Nou Camp. Marcos Alonso put the Catalan giants ahead in the 50th minute, with the former Chelsea star heading home from a corner. However, a Marcus Rashford strike and Jules Kounde own goal then put the Red Devils ahead. Ultimately, Barcelona were able to secure a draw through Raphinha - whose curling strike sailed past David De Gea and into the bottom corner. Since then, United have proceeded to beat Leicester 3-0 courtesy of a brace from Rashford and a strike from Jadon Sancho. And players also took part in a training session on Monday, too. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Examining images from Getty, however, and it seems as though United could be without as many as five players for the match. Christian Eriksen and Donny van de Beek didn’t take part in the session, with both players sidelined at present. Eriksen will be back in late April or early May, whereas Van de Beek isn’t expected to return until the summer. And Harry Maguire, Antony and Anthony Martial also didn’t take part - with the trio all missing the victory over Leicester on the weekend. United will go up against Barcelona still hoping to win a historic quadruple, something that seemed unfeasible earlier in the season. Erik ten Hag inherited a club in crisis after a shambolic season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But, since his appointment, the Red Devils have drastically improved. They’re just five points behind Arsenal at the top of the Premier League table, though the Gunners have a game in hand. United will face Newcastle on Sunday looking to end a six-year wait for a trophy in the Carabao Cup final. And they’re also still in the FA Cup, too, having beaten Reading and Everton in the competition so far. Barcelona beat Cadiz 2-0 over the weekend and Sergio Busquets, who was named on the bench for that showdown, is now back. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ansu Fati and Ferran Torres give Xavi options in attack, while Ousmane Dembele is still sidelined. But Barcelona will have to face United without Pedri and Gavi, who will both miss the game through injury and suspension. Meanwhile, on Sunday, Ten Hag was seen issuing a rallying cry to United fans inside Old Trafford. And, speaking after the win over Leicester, the 53-year-old revealed what he said. "I said come Thursday," Ten Hag said. "It's a big game, make sure you are there and we beat Barcelona together." On the club’s supporters, he then added: "I thank the fans for their trust in me. "I feel committed with this club, I love to be here but it's not in my influence. "What I can influence is the performance of this team and I will give everything to perform as good as possible and to bring them hopefully across limits. "We are committed with this club and it's our club, it's in our heart. “But it's not our job, we are focusing on football and performing, from our team, that is what the players and staff around have to do."