Jacob Adams was forced to act after homeless neighbours set ablaze a separate property twice in one day. The group first occupied the Portland property five years ago.  Mr Adams told Fox 12: "There are fires that have been happening off and on. "Major ones. This recent one actually came and set our property on fire." He added: "Within 12 hours of that fire, another fire popped up. "My wife was screaming, and propane tanks were igniting off from the fire." JUST IN: Elon Musk's Twitter cull continues as 50 employees laid off despite promise to stop cuts Surveillance footage form the property showed Adams using fire extinguishers to tackle the blaze as it climbed the fence separating the properties. Wife Beth Adams was seen crying in the background. Mr Adams has since bought more fire extinguishers as he prepares for another similar incident. Homelessness has been a long-lasting problem Oregon's largest city. READ MORE: Horrible moment thief ploughs huge car into shop before looting cartons of cigarettes There are over 6,600 homeless people registered as homeless across Portland across over 700 encampments. Portland's Democratic Mayor Ted Wheeler announced in October plans which would ban camps. However, so-called tent cities have largely remained in place since. Mr Adams revealed that he has made multiple reports in recent years, including thefts, drugs usage and physical fights. DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] He said: "I don’t know how many times I’ve talked to police, because people are screaming, or someone is overdosing. "It’s just countless, countless first responders’ calls. "We all have to love our neighbour no matter who they are. "But at the point when they start setting your place on fire it becomes a little more difficult." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews