With so many of us working from home these days, rustling up food during lunch breaks can be a real pain, especially if you, like me, are too lazy to prepare anything the night before. Thankfully, there are plenty of options out there, but finding something that is both tasty and cost-effective can be challenging.   That is why I was eager to try Iceland's new Cathedral City Cheese & Branston Pickle Toastie. The toastie was released earlier this month and can be prepared in three ways: in the oven, in the microwave, or in the air fryer. Being the impatient person I am, I opted for the quickest way: the microwave. However, if you have more time to spare, it will take you around 27 minutes in the oven and 20 to 22 minutes in the air fryer. Preparing the toastie is simple enough - I took it out of its plastic wrapper, placed it on a plate, and slammed it in the microwave. Three and a half minutes later, I was practically skipping into the kitchen to fetch the toastie - I had not eaten all day. I was greeted by a pleasant cheesy-pickle smell as I opened the microwave door, and after burning my hand trying to retrieve it from the appliance, it was time to remove the cardboard packaging. This is where things became tricky. Releasing it from its cardboard prison was not without its challenges - it was stuck and did not want to come out easily, so it ended up being a pretty messy affair. As I stood observing the toastie, I was a bit disappointed with how it looked  but this could have been down to my ineptitude in getting it free. Perhaps if I had tried one of the other methods for preparing it, things would have turned out differently. At this point, my excitement had waned, but I carried on, thankfully.  It fell apart in my hands, but I managed to take a hefty bite before it did so. Oh boy, the cheesy Branston goodness was a delight to the tastebuds. If you like Branston pickle and cheese, you are in for a treat. I was shocked by how good it tasted, as microwave food can be pretty hit or miss at times. But this is definitely a hit. There is a lot going on with this toastie - it has cheese on top, and housed within the thick white bloomer-style bread there is a white sauce, Branston pickle, and Dijon mustard. The bread was perfectly done, not too crispy or chewy. Its insides oozed out all over my plate, so it was very messy, but I forgave it. I know it is just a toastie, but it reminded me of homemade food, as in, it may not look the best, but it tastes lovely. I would definitely have it again, but next time I think I will use a knife and fork. Overall, I give it a solid 8/10. The Cathedral City Cheese & Branston Pickle Toastie is available exclusively at Iceland. At the time of writing, it costs £3.50 and is currently on offer at 3 for £10. 