WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Blacklist.The future of The Blacklist came into question two years ago when one of the show's lead characters, Agent Elizabeth Keen (played by Megan Boone) was killed off in the season eight finale. But NBC reassured fans with a series renewal which saw the drama fast forward two years into the future after Keen's murder to see how the others were getting on with their lives. Going by the series nine ending, Raymond "Red" Reddington (James Spader) is going to be in grave danger. The Blacklist was last seen in May 2022 when season nine of the drama concluded. It didn't take NBC too long to renew the show for another series and now nine months later, it is ready to return for its next season. Those who have stayed tuned for the entirety of the show's running will remember that it used to air on Fridays, before switching to Thursdays and then back to Fridays again. This time around, just to confuse viewers a little more, The Blacklist is going to be shown on Sundays. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall The Blacklist season 10, episode one, is going to premiere on Sunday, February 26, on NBC. If you live by Central Time in the States, then the episode will air at 7pm CT on this date. But for those who reside on the east coast, The Blacklist shall premiere at 8pm EST. Episode one will air at the exact same moment wherever you are in America, it is just the actual time that differs due to the country being split into different time zones. Unfortunately for UK viewers, they are going to have to wait a while longer for this season to begin. When the ninth series finished on NBC and the 10th was announced, season nine had just premiered in the UK on Sky Max. Going by this pattern, UK viewers could expect to see The Blacklist season 10 start to play out sometime in September 2023. It certainly won't be one that fans will want to miss either as it brings the drama to an end. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILER]The Blacklist fans baffled as James Spader fails to return to NBC [REACTION]The Blacklist season 10: Dembe betrayal 'sealed' as double agent plot  [THEORY] As NBC revealed there would be another season, the network also stated that season 10 would be the last ever series of The Blacklist. In a statement at the time, showrunner and executive producer John Eisendrath said: “After 10 years, hundreds of Blacklist cases and more than 200 episodes produced, we’re honoured to reach our conclusion. "It’s been incredibly fun to create the strange, devious, and delightful Blacklisters to challenge Raymond Reddington and our FBI Task Force each week. "We would like to thank everyone at NBC and Sony, our extraordinary crew who make the impossible happen every day, our endlessly inventive writers and producers, and our remarkable cast who brought life to these characters. "We appreciate our dedicated fanbase who came along for this wonderful ride and are excited to share this final season with them.” The first episode of The Blacklist season 10 is called The Night Owl. Its synopsis reads: "Six months after Wujing's escape from custody, Reddington secretly resurfaces in Manhattan midst of an explosion. "When an ex-Blacklister is found at the scene, the Task Force begins to investigate a larger conspiracy at game." The Blacklist season 10 premieres on Sunday, February 26, on NBC in the USA. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.