A helicopter has crashed injuring four people near Murmansk airport in Russia. The helicopter crashed near Murmansk during its landing approach according to the Russian Emergencies Ministry. The incident injured four out of eight passengers on board with casualties having to be evacuated by snowmobile. A source told the Russian TASS news agency: "A helicopter crashed when landing three kilometers from Murmansk airport. "There were eight people on board, according to preliminary information, four people were injured. The Russian Emergencies Ministry said: "Tentatively, there were nine people on board, three of whom were crew members. Rescuers arrived at the site. "There were no fatalities, the passengers are being transported by snowmobiles to the village of Lovozero." Separately, the local government of St Petersburg — Russia’s second-largest city about 1,300 kilometers (800 miles) north of the border with Ukraine — said early on Tuesday that it was temporarily halting all flight departures and arrivals at the city’s main airport, Pulkovo. It didn't give a reason for the move. Hours earlier, unconfirmed reports on Russia's Telegram social network referred to the airspace over St Petersburg being shut down and to Russian warplane overflights. It wasn't immediately clear whether this was connected to the alleged uptick in drone attacks in Russia’s south. The Russian military said its air defense forces in Western Russia conducted drills on “detection, interception and identification” of enemy targets in its airspace, and in coordination with civilian air traffic services in an emergency situation. The Russian Defense Ministry didn’t specifically mention St Petersburg, but its statement appeared designed to explain the temporary closure of the airspace. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov refused to comment on the situation in St. Petersburg, urging reporters to wait for details from the country’s aviation authorities or the military. He noted, however, that President Vladimir Putin had “full information” on the situation.