Manchester United must win the Carabao Cup and finish in the Premier League top four to make it a successful first season for Erik ten Hag, Paul Parker believes. The Red Devils have been flying for the most part ever since the appointment of the Dutchman back in the summer. However, silverware remains the key criteria over at Old Trafford. United recently made the Carabao Cup final, beating Nottingham Forest 5-0 on aggregate to set up a mouthwatering showdown with Newcastle at Wembley. And the Red Devils remain on course to play in the Champions League next term, particularly after a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday. Ten Hag has worked wonders at United since taking charge back in the summer, lifting the players following their shambolic season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. And Parker, speaking to Spilxperten, thinks the 53-year-old must deliver Carabao Cup glory and guide his side into the top four in order to make it a ‘wonderful debut season’. “In the past, Manchester United managers have tended not to prioritise the Carabao Cup,” he said. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “But you can only afford that if you win the Premier League and are in the Champions League final. "But when you are a coach at Manchester United, it is an essential task for the coach to win trophies, and not least to make the players understand that trophies are important for the club. "You play football to win trophies with your team - not to win personal trophies. “If the club can finish in the top four and win the Carabao Cup this season, it will be a wonderful debut season for Erik ten Hag. “However, I think Newcastle will win. It will be a close game but Newcastle's performances this season make them favourites.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Parker also opened up on United youngster Amad, who has been dazzling on loan at Sunderland this term. And the former United star thinks the Red Devils were wrong to loan him to Rangers last season, while also expressing a belief it was too early to bring the Ivory Coast international back. “He is a very smart player. I have seen all his goals and assists, and he moves incredibly cleverly on the pitch,” he said. “He had an extremely difficult time at Rangers because it's a completely different way of playing football in Scotland. “It was a really bad idea for him to ever go to Rangers just because his agent wanted him to play for a big club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But I still think the stay has benefited him mentally and that's maybe why he's playing so well for Sunderland. “Every time he descends into a black hole in the future, he just has to think about how awful it was at Rangers. It was a good lesson. “However, it makes no sense for him to come back to Manchester United just yet. “There are so many wing players in the club that it's like being in a doctor's waiting room. “The next one is constantly ready in the queue, so he should stay at Sunderland for an extra year.” United will be hoping to continue their resurgence when they lock horns with Leeds on Wednesday. And the Red Devils will be aiming for a repeat of what happened in the same fixture last season. United ran riot at Old Trafford, with Bruno Fernandes netting a hat-trick in a stirring 5-1 win. And they also beat Leeds 4-2 at Elland Road in a rare positive afternoon with Rangnick at the helm.