Chester Zoo is "delighted" to share that a mum tiger has given birth to two "incredibly rare" tiger cubs. Hidden cameras show the two little Sumatran tigers playing around with their mum Kasarna in adorable CCTV footage. The tiny cubs were born to first-time parents Kasarna and Dash on January 7. According to the zoo, the two cubs are yet to be sexed and have not been named yet. Their birth has been branded as a "major boost for the conservation of these incredible animals", as the Sumatran tiger species is going extinct. The Sumatran tiger is the only surviving tiger population in the Indonesian islands of Sunda, where the Bali and Javan tigers are extinct. Only 350 Sumatran tigers remain in the wild. Because of its declining population, it has been listed as critically endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the most severe conservation category and highest priority.    The zoo warned that habitat destruction, poaching, and conflicts with people could lead to the extinction of the tigers. Dave Hall, the zoo's carnivore team manager, told Express.co.uk: "The birth of two more healthy Sumatran tiger cubs is another significant step forward in the long-term efforts to protect these incredible animals. "One day, the pair will hopefully go on to themselves make a vital contribution to the endangered species breeding programme, which is now playing a critical role in preventing these majestic animals from becoming extinct." READ MORE: Five Chinese zodiac signs most likely to be rich The zoo added the tiger cubs will "grow in size and confidence" as they are expected to start venturing out outside of their den. Kasarna's infants are "absolutely crucial to the survival of the species," said Mr Jordan from the zoo. He explained: "They are the latest additions to an insurance population in conservation zoos that will be the driving force in preventing the Sumatran tiger from enduring the same fate as the Javan, Caspian and Balinese tigers, which have all sadly been wiped out forever." Sumatran tigers are found in patches of forest on the Indonesian island of Sumatra and are facing extinction due to widespread habitat loss and poaching for body parts used in traditional medicine. DON'T MISS:Expert warns concerning bird flu crisis could herald the next pandemic [REPORT]  Mystery hippo-like carcass found on New Zealand beach [REPORT]  Animals knew Turkey earthquake was about to hit - they too paid price [REPORT] Mr Hall described witnessing their birth and growth as "a real privilege". He said: "We’ve been closely monitoring Kasarna on our CCTV cameras as she gets to grips with motherhood and her first litter of cubs – it’s a real privilege and incredibly special to watch. "She’s a great mum and is being very attentive to her new infants, keeping them snuggled up in the den and feeding them every few hours." The zoo's carnivore team manager lauded the "expertise" and "scientific work" of their teams who paired up a female tigress, Kasarna, with a male Sumatran tiger, Dash last year to preserve the Sumatran species, branding the cubs' birth as "cause for real celebration among the global conservation community." READ NEXT:Group tried to feed trapped bear Pop-Tarts and cat foodCat owner surprised when adopted pet rapidly grewUnwanted dog left tied outside rescue centre as RSPCA issues pleaChinese zodiac sign which makes a 'glamorous' romantic partnerBison breathe new life into British woodlands