One motorist said the “infrastructure is not ready for mass” electric car adoption, while others warned they would not wait over an hour to top up a car. It comes after motorists have reported being hit with £120 fines by private parking firms after overstaying their maximum allowance. One driver reported an £80 fine for charging a car in a hotel car park for 45 minutes. Another motorist said they were fined after stopping in a McDonald's car park for 100 minutes to charge even though the maximum allowance was 90 minutes. However, drivers have complained this maximum parking time is often not enough to fully charge their vehicle. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy at the AA, previously claimed that the charges were “unfair”. READ MORE: UK drivers predicted to buy 448,000 new electric vehicles in 2023 He warned many EV owners were being “penalised for errors outside of their control”. Express.co.uk reader pawprint said: "Another reason NOT to buy an EV. You have to pay fines to use the chargers, which are few and far between anyway. “NO thanks, I'll stick with petrol/diesel no matter how artificially high they push the price.” Welsh Rarebit added: “Said all along the infrastructure is not ready for mass electric cars! DON'T MISS Drivers warned of practice that could put no claims discount at risk [WARNING] Majority of drivers still don't know new Highway Code rules [REVEAL] Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage [INSIGHT]  “I would not go to a petrol garage and wait 90 minutes to fill my car up!” Danny Watson added: “It was obvious the EV car owners would get hammered sooner or later. Glad I kept my petrol cars.” Reader landshark added: “I predicted this and the EV lovers wouldn't have it. Which makes it all the more funny. “Also owners of older EVs are now finding out it costs more to replace the batteries than the car is worth.” READ MORE: Drivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes However, some readers supported the private firms decision to penalise drivers for overstaying. Reader Lord Lucan said: “The fines are totally justified. The guy who used the hotel car parking charger was almost certainly not staying at the hotel and that charger was most likely installed specifically for the convenience of the hotel guests ONLY.” “Why would you even think it would, because you're something special as an EV driver?”  MyFellowGeraniums added: “You gotta be a bit of a numpty to buy an EV expecting to charge it anywhere you want including private land for free. No sympathy.” Most recently an EV driver was fined £300 for getting stuck in a charging queue for three hours. The driver complained that there were only two chargers available at the motorway service as he was forced to wait for three hours. He said: "My family (inc. child and cat) were stuck in our car for nearly three hours at an M4 Welcome Break (with only two charge stations...) and have received a £100 parking charge." Express.co.uk reached out to Welcome Break for comment at the time without any response. 