Liverpool have been warned about repeating their transfer mistake that saw Naby Keita move to Anfield in 2018. The Guinean has been underwhelming since his £52.75million transfer from RB Leipzig and problems have persisted in the Reds’ midfield this season as Jurgen Klopp’s side are currently sat in mid-table. There have been calls from pundits and supporters to invest in the middle of the pitch but PSV forward Cody Gakpo was the only January addition while Arthur Melo joined Liverpool on loan from Juventus late in the summer and has only played 13 minutes this season due to injury. Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol has urged the club to avoid taking risks in the summer window and move for players that have experience in the Premier League. “The middle of the park, Declan Rice, Moises Caicedo, people like that for me who are already proven in the Premier League would be ideal because you are not gambling as much,” Nicol told ESPN. “You just have to look at Liverpool - they go and spend £70million on Keita albeit he was fantastic in the Bundesliga but it didn’t work, hasn’t worked. Hasn’t done it in the Premier League. I would go for players like Declan Rice and Caicedo because you know they can produce in the Premier League.” However, Nicol admitted that despite wanting Premier League midfielders to move to Anfield he does not think that Brighton’s Alexis Mac Allister would be the right fit despite his success this season and at the World Cup. “I wouldn’t sign Mac Allister. He doesn’t fit the way that Klopp plays the game or wants to play the game,” Nicol added. “The way he had Liverpool playing the game. I don’t think Mac Allister fits into that middle three. It’s not that he isn’t a fantastic player, he is a fantastic player but I just don’t think he is the right type.” DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after Victor Orta suffers triple setbackGary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after Premier League charges Liverpool have been eyeing a blockbuster summer move for England star Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund, though they face competition from Manchester City and Real Madrid who have a better chance at offering the 19-year-old Champions League football next season. Should the Reds take Nicol’s advice and move for the likes of Rice and Caicedo they will have to fend off league leaders Arsenal for their signatures. The Gunners had three bids rejected by Brighton for the Ecuadorian as the third offer would have been a club record, surpassing the £72m spent on Nicolas Pepe in 2019. Mikel Arteta’s outfit are reportedly frontrunners to sign Rice in the summer too as West Ham are resigned to losing their captain, though Hammers boss David Moyes recently claimed that any potential suitor will have to break the British record fee of £107m that Chelsea paid for Enzo Fernandez on transfer deadline day.