Richard Riakporhe has spoken out following his heated altercation with Lawrence Okolie at the Creed III premiere in London last night. The pair had to be separated by security and onlookers as they lunged and grabbed at each other. Luckily, neither man got too out of control and the situation was broken up before it could escalate further. Riakporhe and Okolie are the top two cruiserweights in Britain right now and have been touted to face each other for quite some time. Okolie, the reigning WBO cruiserweight champion, makes his third defence of the red belt against New Zealander David Light on March 25 in Manchester. After that, it is expected that Riakporhe will get a shot at his domestic rival. However, they almost ended up duking it out early at the Leicester Square Cineworld event yesterday evening instead. Riakporhe claims the clash ensued after Okolie got ‘into his space’. He doesn’t remember what Okolie said to him but says he ‘saw red’ instantly. “I was just catching up with a few friends of mine – Craig Richards one of them – and Lawrence just come out of nowhere and started talking to me. I felt disrespected, he came into my space, and then I just saw red,” he told talkSPORT. “I don’t know what happened after that. Everybody was just getting separated and I just went my way. I saw Spencer Fearon and he was trying to calm it down. I thought ‘I think it’s the best time for us to leave.' MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua's trainer admits he laughed at AJ during Usyk clash Wilder's trainer breaks silence on 'talks' with Fury for fourth fight British boxers Okolie and Riakporhe get into chaotic cinema clash “I don’t know what [he said] – I need to watch the video again. Sometimes in the heat of the moment, you don’t really recall everything that was said … It is what it is. The great thing is that nobody threw hands. We’re professional boxers, we’re supposed to conduct ourselves properly, and it’s not really a great look. I can do better. I’m a human being. Same goes for Okolie. “I feel like I still controlled myself. I was an inch to throwing. An inch away. I said to myself ‘don’t do that, just remember where you came from Richard.' I feel like that’s my destiny. I think until I fight him, I wouldn’t have accomplished my goals in the game of boxing. I’ve always believed that I’m number one, and I’m willing to prove it. When we get in the ring, it’s gonna be over 18’s. It’s not gonna be PG, I tell you.”