Newcastle could be set to rue not signing Leicester and England midfielder James Maddison, as they have been warned a new club could come in for the playmaker. Maddison has been linked with a move to Eddie Howe’s outfit for the entirety of the January window in addition to previous interest from the summer, though they pursued a move for Everton’s Anthony Gordon instead. Howe had been keen to bolster his options in attack and midfield, as Chris Wood departed St James’ Park and Gordon joined right-back Harrison Ashby and youngster Garang Kuol as new signings, though the Australian starlet has joined Hearts on loan. Maddison did receive an offer late in the window from an unnamed club, though he decided to remain at Leicester and steer the Foxes back up the Premier League table. Newcastle could return for Maddison in the summer when he will have just one year left on his contract at the King Power Stadium, though they may face increased competition. Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has urged Manchester City to move for the 26-year-old as a potential replacement for both Bernardo Silva and Ilkay Gundogan. “He’s [Maddison] definitely a player who would suit them [Manchester City],” Agbonlahor told Football Insider. “You look at that Man City midfield and there is Gundogan and Bernardo Silva – both players who might not be at the club much longer. “There’s space for another midfielder. He’s proven that he can provide assists and goals in the Premier League. On his day he can pick out a pass as well as Kevin De Bruyne. I think he’d be a great signing. I do feel though, there will be other clubs in for him. Newcastle don’t have a number 10 at the moment.” The Athletic have claimed that Pep Guardiola’s side did attempt to sign Maddison on deadline day after they let Joao Cancelo leave for Bayern Munich, as a loan with an option to buy was presented to Leicester but they rejected the advance.  Howe admitted that Newcastle’s January window was “not perfect” as they were not able to agree a deal for Maddison. “No window is perfect, and I don’t think this window has been perfect for us. That’s just the reality of the situation," Howe said after Newcastle’s Carabao Cup semi-final second leg win over Southampton. “I think we’ve signed two really talented young players, and I’m really pleased with those signings. We were disappointed to lose Chris Wood and Jonjo Shelvey, but you have to respect players’ wishes as well and it’s not always about what the club wants. "You have to look at things from a position of everybody’s needs and wants. We’re maybe light in a couple of areas, but we do have a lot of quality within the squad.”