Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola took aim at Manchester United's spending habits with a sarcastic comment following the Red Devils' Carabao Cup triumph on Sunday. The Sky Blues have previously been criticised for splashing the cash en route to silverware success under Guardiola. The Carabao Cup has been something of a speciality for Guardiola since he took charge of City in 2016. His side picked up the trophy in four consecutive seasons between 2018 and 2021, but this year he watched on while United soaked in the glory. Casemiro and Marcus Rashford scored to see off Newcastle at Wembley as United boss Erik ten Hag clinched his first silverware as United boss with a 2-0 win. The Dutchman has been lavished with praise in the hours following, with Red Devils supporters sure that he can lead the club to a full-scale comeback. When asked whether Ten Hag is leading a revival at United, Guardiola said, with more than a hint of sarcasm: "If they spend a little more money, yes [it's a revival]. It’s because they didn’t spend, [that they haven't won trophies], isn’t it?" READ MORE: Man Utd coach McCarthy played role in Ferguson anger and handshake snub City, backed by the vast wealth of Sheikh Mansour, have gained a reputation for being the Premier League's big spenders. However, United have spent more on transfers in the past five years, while the comparative figures in terms of net spending is particularly eye-catching. In the same period, City have a net-spend figure of £162million, while United's is over three times as much at £527m. Ten Hag was granted a host of new recruits last summer, including Lisandro Martinez and Casemiro, who were instrumental in Sunday's Wembley final. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route Guardiola's City are attempting to chase down Arsenal for the Premier League title, sitting two points behind the Gunners having played one game more, but United are also in the mix. The Sky Blues boss has plenty of respect for Ten Hag but seems surprised that it has taken the Red Devils so long to join the party. "It’s normal, they’re in the position they normally should be," he added. "When I landed here I thought United would always be there, for the history, for everything, and Erik is doing an incredible job. And the players - you see how committed they are, how all together they try to do it.  "I remember when we travelled to win our first Carabao Cup and everyone was so excited to do it. For the staff it was new, for the players it was new. The fourth time we travelled there to win the Carabao Cup for the fourth time in a row, it was 'Well, it’s OK, another one, another day in the office'." City are preparing for a separate silverware bid as they travel to face Championship side Bristol City in the FA Cup fifth round on Tuesday night. Fringe stars such as Kalvin Phillips and Julian Alvarez could be given another chance to impress following victory over Bournemouth on Saturday. 