On Sunday, viewers switched to HBO for the third instalment of its hit series, The Last of Us. However as the heart-wrenching episode left fans in tears, the streaming giant secured yet another network record.  The Last of Us follows Ellie (played by Bella Ramsey) and Joel (Pedro Pascal) as they took on the often tear-jerking journey to survival. Throughout the show, viewers have been introduced to other characters who have contributed immensely to the gripping storyline. While fans were overwhelmed with emotion after Tess Servopoulos (Anna Wersching) unexpectedly sacrificed herself, the tears continued to flow during the most recent episode. As Joel and Ellie continue to grieve their loss, fans were transported to 2003, just a few days after the outbreak began. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will The episode proved to be a major hit as 6.4 million people switched to HBO to watch the instalment. This was a huge 12 percent increase from episode two’s viewership which had already bagged the record for the largest week two growth for a HBO Original drama in the history of the network. As a result, the third episode also topped the show’s premiere by 37 percent, which amassed a same-day viewership of 4.7 million. With the first two episodes averaging a whopping 21.3 million viewers, this marks the first time HBO has had multiple current shows drawing in more than 15 million viewers at a time across all genres.  House of the Dragon remains at the top of the leaderboard averaging 29 million viewers per episode. While The Last of Us is in second place 21.3 million viewers. In close third is the gripping 2019 hit, Euphoria which drew in an average of 19.5 million fans an episode. With the White Lotus in fourth place securing 15.5 million viewers. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise double exit as fans 'work out' how Neville leaves [INSIGHT]Bella Ramsey admits to 'cheating' during emotional Last of Us scenes [INSIGHT] The Last of Us bags major HBO ratings record [INSIGHT]  Following the show’s major success, it only took two episodes for HBO to renew The Last of Us for a second season. It was an eagerly awaited release as the series was the onscreen adaptation of a Playstation game, which was set 20 years after modern civilization was destroyed. During the most recent episode, fans were introduced Bill (Nick Offerman) who had been doing his all to survive. His efforts seemingly paid off as he was still alive and remained uninfected, before meeting Frank (Murray Bartlett).  After two decades of post-apocalyptic love, it soon became clear the two were soulmates as they decided to live out the rest of their days together in Massachusetts. However, things took a tragic turn after Frank's health took an upset downward spiral as he became terminally ill. Frank asked Bill to end his suffering by giving him a drug overdose and while he agreed to do so, Bill also took an overdose so they could die together. Although their lives came to a heartbreaking end, Bill left an emotional letter for Joel, as he explained Frank had given his life new meaning.  The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the US and available in the UK on NOW TV the following Monday. 