The series is set in West Yorkshire and follows DI Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad) and her friendship with crime boss Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan). After checking out a murder on the sly for Col things soon turned complicated for Lou when she had to go against her "friend". However, viewers were left unsatisfied by the BBC "slow burner" and claimed they switched off within minutes of the show airing. The show opened with Lou having to leave her husband Ceri Davies (Samuel Edward-Cook) at a party as she was called away to deal with a work issue. As she wrapped a balaclava around her mouth and walked into the premises with her hood up, she soon found a young boy lying dead on the floor. Returning home, Ceri asked where she had been and Lou expressed she had just been called away for some paperwork. What is she hiding from her husband? READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star In later scenes, Lou had attended a party where the celebrations were all about Col and his successful career, with his wife Alma McHugh (Carolin Stoltz) raising a toast. The pair were later seen outside having a cigarette with one another, with the conversation turning to the mysterious lad Lou had found dead. Col informed her it was private business and she had done a massive favour for him, knowing how much she meant to him. Lou's mind was soon taken away from work after her son Owen Slack (Zak Ford-Williams) was rushed to hospital after contracting sepsis from a cold he had come down with. As the episode went on, it became apparent Lou was more involved with the drug lord than it was first made out. After investigating a corner shop robbery, the owner informed Lou the robber had one gold tooth at the front alongside a chipped one. She immediately knew it was Noel Wilkes (Kaya Moore) and confronted Col about the incident, informing him she couldn't let it slide. Alongside armed forces, Lou turned up at Noel's flat and privately informed him she would be taking him in, lying that Col was the one who had agreed to it. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity  [WATCH]BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over Will Ferrell interview [LATEST]Dan Walker sparks uproar with 'crass' question to Nicola's partner [INSIGHT]  Her decision came with consequences as Col felt betrayed by her decision to arrest Noel, but let her off with a warning and asked if she would promise to never do it again. Lou could have gotten herself in more danger as she told him: "No." Despite the drama-filled episode, some viewers were still left unhappy and took to their Twitter to air their opinions. @grimbletweets expressed: "It's bloody slow, isn't it. *drums fingers* #Better." @Nayvee6 fumed: "If #Better on BBC1 gets any slower it will be going off in 5 minutes!!" Emma Short asked: "Anyone have the faintest idea what’s going on?! #better." @damo_war said: "They forget to add some thrills to this thriller. #Better." Kay Morgan commented: "Tonight's 'Not Happy Valley' is nearly as slow as last night's 'Not Happy Valley' #Better #TheGold." @ASuperGav wrote: "Oh dear. After a promising start, we’ve gone into BBC mode of a very slow crawl #Better." (sic) However, not all viewers were left disappointed with the first episode, as @DebbieBlackma14 defended: "People saying 'I don't understand' or 'It's boring' in the first episode always makes me laugh. It's the first one. Give it a chance #Better." (sic) Better airs Mondays from 9pm on BBC One.