Refreshed plans for the European Super League have emerged as the project's leading backers push to replace the Champions League with the controversial competition. On Thursday, a plan to launch a new version of the ESL with revised rules from the failed original edition in 2021 was revealed. According to the Telegraph, there are plans for the new, 'improved' Super League to comprise a multi-division competition featuring 60 to 80 teams with a minimum of 14 games per club each season. There would be no permanent members, with promotions and relegations likely - a major criticism of the initial plans for a set 12-team competition. However, there is currently little detail on how the teams involved would be selected and how the process of dropping out of and joining the competition would work. There are no details yet on how the original 60 to 80 teams would be constituted or how they would drop out of the proposed competition to make way for new clubs. JUST IN: Man Utd star Antony shows off new look after missing Leeds draw  Barcelona, Juventus and Real Madrid, the ESL's three remaining backers, are thought to have contacted more than 50 clubs in the hope of getting the ball rolling. A22, the Madrid-based sister company of the ESL, announced the news on Thursday, claiming it is on the back of discussions with European clubs about the financial issues they face. In recent months, A22 and the European Super League have blasted the Premier League and its clubs' wealth from a lucrative TV deal to which other leagues look like minnows in comparison. A22 chief executive, Bernd Reichart, has also aimed fire at UEFA for giving its clubs little say in the running of the competitions in which they are involved. DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag's heartwarming reaction to Jadon Sancho goalMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after Leeds drawMan Utd boss Ten Hag's furious blast at Fred vs Leeds speaks volumes He said: "It is the clubs that bear the entrepreneurial risk in football. "But when it comes to important decisions, they are too often forced to stand idly by from the sidelines as the sporting and financial foundations run under their hands. "Our talks have also made it clear that it is often impossible for clubs to raise their voices publicly against a system that uses the threat of sanctions to prevent opposition." It's currently unconfirmed whether Premier League's original ESL teams - Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur - are involved in plans. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here