Fernando Alonso is “inspiring” Aston Martin after the Spaniard completed his first test session of 2023 alongside Lewis Hamilton. Team boss Mike Krack claims the Spaniard was “fully motivated” as he took part in the Pirelli tyre test in Jerez just days before Aston Martin’s new car was launched. Krack revealed Alonso had been “pushing” engineers for more and stressed his signing was a “great benefit” as the team looks to make strides this season. Speaking to Aston Martin F1 team’s YouTube channel, Krack said: “We’ve got Fernando down in Jerez. “He’s very inspirational, what he gives to the team. He’s fully motivated. He’s in touch all the time, he’s pushing people. So far, it’s just a great benefit for all of us.” Alonso was driving last year’s AMR22 at the two-day event in southern Spain. The double world champion also got behind the wheel for his new team at the Abu Dhabi test after the final race of the season. READ MORE: Alonso given £250k gift from Aston Martin that 'exceeded expectations'  Mercedes also joined Aston Martin at the event with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell getting laps under their belt. Alonso explained: “We had an amazing day back in the car. Finally, officially I’m an Aston Martin driver. “I really enjoyed the day. We put in some laps, good training as well. Now I can’t wait for Bahrain, the new car.” Alonso signed with Aston Martin days after Sebastian Vettel announced his retirement from F1. The 41-year-old had been expected to sign a new deal with Alpine but walked away after the French manufacturer's reluctance to agree on a multi-year extension. His move threw open the gates to the driver transfer market with Oscar Piastri declining his seat in the Enstone team. DON'T MISSLando Norris 'matches' Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen wants to copy Alonso as Red Bull learn retirement date [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso sheds light on Aston Martin deal with retirement hint [COMMENT] It emerged the hotly-rated Australian had already signed a deal with McLaren for 2023 with the debate being settled at the FIA’s Contract Recognition Board (CRB). Alonso stressed the team’s desire to reach the front of the sport was one of the main draws to signing a deal with the midfield team. He explained: “Aston Martin F1 is taking the necessary steps to win in the near future. The team is determined to become a championship contender and will do whatever it takes to get there. This ambition is appealing to any racing driver. You see all the investment, the new factory, the talent joining the team, and you want to be part of it. "And then there is the name, Aston Martin. It is, and always will be, an iconic brand in motorsport and the automotive industry. To write the next chapter in the brand's history and become part of the Aston Martin family makes me very proud.”