He does not care about money - he only cares about goals. Wrexham's very own box-office striker Paul Mullin is central to Ryan Reynolds' Football League dream having hit the back of the net the same number of times as Erling Haaland this season. He even has a Puskas Award contender to show for his remarkable efforts in front of goal. Mullin was the first real statement signing of the Hollywood era in Wales and it even took a personal phone call from Rob McElhenney to entice him into the move when he became a free agent in the summer of 2021. After thumping home 32 goals in 46 outings for League Two side Cambridge United during the 2020/21 campaign - Mullin reportedly attracted Championship interest from Preston after putting his name up in lights. But the chance to play a starring role in Reynolds and McElhenney's Wrexham revolution proved to be an irresistible opportunity - despite being labelled a 'money-grabber' by envious rival fans. After all, Mullin - much like some of his team-mates - was turning his back on the Football League to drop to step five of the English football pyramid and while his lucrative salary undeniably played a factor in his decision, the Wrexham project is now considered to be one of the most exciting in Europe. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised He was even playfully introduced to Disney+ viewers to the tune of Shane McMahon's 'Show me the Money' during the Welcome to Wrexham documentary series but he is not phased by "irrelevant" negative tags. "I don't understand why people care [about his salary]," Mullin told The Daily Mail back in August at the beginning of the National League campaign. "I don't go home and ask my mates who are joiners, 'how much are you getting?' It's completely irrelevant to life. "Obviously, the way it happened they do pay you well but that's not the main reason I came here. I wanted to be excited and to live with my family and obviously things help as they go but I love it here, I wouldn't ever want to leave." DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Mullin learned his trade in Everton, Liverpool and Huddersfield's academy before enjoying spells with the likes of Morecambe, Swindon Town, Tranmere Rovers and Cambridge, respectively. But it's hard to argue against the fact he made the right call joining Wrexham on the basis of his barnstorming goalscoring record in Wales, where he is said to be 'adored' by Reynolds, McElhenney, his manager Phil Parkinson and team-mates. Mullin rifled home 28 goals in 39 outings in the National League last season - finishing top of the goalscorer standings. Now he is already well on course to surpass last season's eye-catching numbers having struck 24 times in 31 matches in the top tier of Non-League football this term. That's without even considering his stunning fire rate in this season's FA Cup having hit eight goals in just five outings as Wrexham reached the fourth-round. He is the top goalscorer in the competition and starred in Wrexham's enthralling classic with Championship promotion hopefuls Sheffield United - despite missing a penalty in the rollercoaster replay at Bramall Lane. Incredibly, Mullin has hit 32 goals in 36 games in all competitions this season - tying him level with Manchester City hot-shot Haaland at the top of the English football scoring charts. He bagged another brace in Saturday's last-gasp 4-3 victory at Aldershot on Saturday including a mesmerising backwards flick that has since been tipped for Puskas Award nomination. It was that good. While the goal did seem to take a small deflection to help the ball on its way over the advancing goalkeeper, the brilliant moment of improvisation once again showcased the class and guile of prolific frontman Mullin, who is worth every penny to Wrexham. His stunning goalscoring exploits mean he is really threatening to steal the Hollywood limelight from owners Reynolds and McElhenney and in their eyes - long may that continue.