Lionel Messi's brother, Matias Messi, has apologised for a strange rant about Barcelona and their treatment of the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner online. Matias slammed Barca, directly aiming criticism at club president Joan Laporta for his role in Messi's 2021 exit. He recently answered fan questions on his son's Twitch account and didn't hold back in blasting the Nou Camp giants. Matias claimed that before Messi's emergence, 'no one knew Barcelona' because of Real Madrid and criticised them for how they repaid Messi for 20 years of iconic service. He also labelled Barcelona's museum 'Messi's museum' and ruled out the possibility of the 35-year-old returning to Catalonia. "I have a newspaper cutting from Sport stuck on the wall of my house with the headline 'Messi should return to Barcelona', and I put underneath 'ha, ha, ha.' We are not going to return to Barcelona," Matias explained. Matias turned his attention to Laporta, calling him 'ungrateful' and claiming that if Messi did return to Barcelona, they would do a 'good clean-up', including removing the 60-year-old from his position. JUST IN: Arsenal target Ansu Fati makes final decision over Barcelona exit  The Blaugrana fanbase didn't get away unscathed, either, being titled 'traitors'. He added: "People didn't back him. "People should have gone out on the streets and rallied for Laporta to leave and Messi to stay. There [in Spain] they do nothing. They are all traitors." But Matias has since taken to Instagram to apologise for his comments, insisting they were a 'joke'. He wrote: "I want to apologise for what I said on social media. I was just joking with my son and friends. "How can I think like that about a club as great as Barcelona, which has given so much to my family and Leo? I want to say sorry to everyone, specifically to all Barcelona fans." DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Ten Hag's furious blast at Fred vs Leeds speaks volumesLisandro Martinez scrapes boot on Bamford's head in unseen incidentMan City news LIVE - Chelsea star targeted, Man Utd comparison According to ESPN, Messi's camp distanced themselves from his brother's social media rampage. The World Cup winner's camp stated: "They are exclusively the individual and personal opinion of Matias, which does not have to be or coincide with that of Leo or that of other relatives, friends or people close to him." Messi was forced out of Barcelona due to financial problems after winning 35 trophies and scoring 672 goals in 778 games - more appearances than any other player in the club's history. He joined Paris Saint-Germain on a two-year deal in 2021 and is widely expected to extend his stay in the French capital beyond this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here