Richard E Grant, 65, made a candid confession about his life in the UK as he opened up about why he still feels like an immigrant. The Withnail and I star was born in Mbabane, Eswatini, but moved to London in 1982 to pursue his acting career. However, despite having spent over four decades in the UK, Richard is still aware of the differences it has with its homeland. He said: “No matter how long you’ve been in a place - and I’ve been in England for 41 years - you’re still an outsider, looking in.” Asked whether he felt like an immigrant, the actor explained to the Radio Times: “I do. “People remind you that you’re not from here. Somebody will always say, ‘Oh, you’re from there, aren’t you?’ “And every now and again, somebody will say, ‘Oh, gosh, you’re not from here.’ Last year, Richard was delivered a huge blow after his beloved wife, Joan Washington, died just eight months after being diagnosed with stage four lung cancer. The emotional Star Wars actor has been inundated with messages of support as he revealed his neighbour's heartwarming gesture following his loss. Taking to Twitter in December, three months after Joan’s passing, Richard admitted he is completely "undone" as he uploaded an emotional video. Richard began: "I returned to the Cotswolds today for the weekend and the kind of violence in the silence as you long to hear the person that you can never hear again. "What has completely floored me is to find that my incredibly generous neighbour Jules Bowsher has gifted me a comfort blanket or lap quilt - as she calls it. "She has hand embroidered over months with all of my wife's favourite poetry." He added: "All the names of the actors and coaches she worked with over decades, films and stage plays that she coached on. All the expressions that were common to our 38 year long marriage." DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby divides fans with 'ridiculous' Dancing On Ice dress [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [DEBATE]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] Looking teary-eyed, Richard went on: "It includes little 3D pockets of happiness with keepsakes and trinkets. All referencing our long marriage." The on-screen star shared the quilt and also included moments from his career including his time doing BBC's Desert Island Discs. "The amount of time she has taken to do this," Richard mused, "it's beyond measure as the kindness of friendship has undone me in the greatest spirit of Christmas as possible." He went on: "How can two little words, 'Thank you,' begin to adequately convey the enormity of what she has given me. We're not related. We're not family or anything like that. Just pure kindness." Richard finished: "Thank you Jules. You've made a grown man cry with gratitude."  Richard revealed his wife's death via a social media post, as he shared a video of the pair dancing together to the song Only You. They married in 1986 and share a daughter, Olivia, and a stepson, Tom, from Joan's previous relationship.