Trivium fans have just had their prayers answered: The iconic American band are about to play a string of intimate UK tour dates throughout the summer in an event dubbed Goblins and Wizards Tour. Beginning in August and going into September, the metal band will be gracing stages at O2 Academies around the country as well as smaller stages dotted throughout the UK. Presale tickets come out soon - but act fast. Presale tickets for Trivium's UK tour go on sale tomorrow, Tuesday, February 14, 2023, at 10am. This is a Live Nation presale so fans will need to sign up to the Live Nation website first, and then register their interest in the band to gain access to the presale event. Fans should then get onto the website as early as possible to ensure they get a good spot in the online queue. Once the ticket queue goes live, they will be available for purchase here from 10am. General onsale tickets for Trivium go on sale Wednesday, February 15, 2023, at 10. Ticket prices have not yet been revealed, but they can be purchased here at Live Nation as well as here from Ticketmaster. Fans who are interested in grabbing tickets are advised to sign up to their chosen websites early and get in the queues well in advance to ensure their best chance of securing a purchase. The band will be hitting a collection of massive venues around the country. Beginning in Cambridge, Trivium will venture through Norwich, Nottingham, Oxford, Sheffield, Newcastle and eventually Folkestone. Trivium's bassist, Paolo Gregoletto, said hitting cities other than the usual major locations, such as London, was important to the band. He said: "Since the first UK headline tour in 2005 we’d made it a point to do our best to get out of the big cities and play other ones that might get overlooked or skipped. We looked at old Maiden and Motörhead posters and let that inspire the way we routed this one." Buy Trivium tickets here. Scroll down for a full list of Trivium tour dates and locations. Wed 23rd - CAMBRIDGE Corn Exchange Thu 24th - NORWICH UEA Fri 25th - NOTTINGHAM Rock City Sat 26th - OXFORD O2 Academy Mon 28th - STOKE Victoria Hall Tue 29th - LIVERPOOL O2 Academy Wed 30th - SHEFFIELD O2 Academy Thu 31st - NEWCASTLE NX Sat 2nd - EDINBURGH O2 Academy Sun 3rd - LEEDS Stylus Mon 4th - BRISTOL Academy Wed 6th - FOLKESTONE Leas Cliff Hall Thu 7th - SOUTHAMPTON O2 Guildhall