Over the last month, at least 80 holidaymakers had their cars stolen after paying for a meet-and-greet service at Heathrow Airport, it has been reported. Travellers who paid up to £145 to Heathrow valet company Terminal Universal reported that the company's phones were disconnected and their vehicles had gone missing. "There was nothing we could do," said one victim, Joanne Greedy, 39, of Cardiff. She told The Sun: "So in the end we paid £100 for a train home." The Met Police have discovered 70 stolen cars, some of which were discovered in a field in Chertsey, Surrey, about 15 miles from the airport. A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of theft and later released pending further investigation. A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: "Detectives based at Heathrow Airport are investigating a number of reports of stolen vehicles linked to a meet and greet parking service which operated from the airport. "Over the last month, police have received around 80 separate reports of vehicles, which had been left in the care of the meet and greet company but had not been returned. "Around 70 of these vehicles have been recovered and work is underway to return them to their owners. "Enquiries into the circumstances continue, including locating any remaining vehicles." READ MORE: UK’s top staycation destination has ‘Med worthy beaches’ According to reports, the travellers placed their cars in the hands of an outside valet business that works out of the airport, but their cars were never picked up. Some of them were discovered in a field 15 miles away in Chertsey, Surrey. As officers carry out their investigation into the thefts, officers are trying to return recovered vehicles to their owners. There is no public contact information or a website for Terminal Universal Ltd. The government's Companies House database also shows that the company has been "dissolved." DON'T MISS:Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ [REPORT]Russian tourist plane bursts into flame during botched take-off [REPORT]Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [REPORT] Several alleged victims have claimed on Facebook that they reserved the valet service through the internet booking firm Ezybook. There are authorised meet-and-greet providers at Heathrow Airport, and visitors are advised to use them. Customers who choose to use third-party valet services should check Trustpilot or other trustworthy review sites for positive reviews, make sure the company has complete, clear contact information - not just a mobile phone number - listed on its website, have a Companies House number, VAT number, and registered company address on their website, and have the Trading Standards' Buy With Confidence accreditation. READ NEXT:Spain’s new digital nomad visa explainedI tried three packing methods to stop jewellery from tanglingFlight attendant shares ‘how to save money’ on airport parkingCruise crew face luggage ‘nightmare’ on Virgin VoyagesSecurity expert explains when to use ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign