A Ukrainian MP has called on Brits to boycott British luxury underwear company Agent Provocateur which has been named and shamed on a list of firms still doing business with Vladimir Putin's "genocidal regime". The company still has 10 stores running in Moscow and 13 across all of Russia despite calls for a worldwide boycott of the country in the wake of the illegal invasion. Express.co.uk has been told that there is fury in Ukraine that the Oligarch's funding "Putin's murderous war" are able to "buy their wives, girlfriends and mistresses expensive underwear" from a British brand operating in Moscow. With people buying late Valentine's Day gifts today, Ukrainians have called for a boycott of the company going forward for refusing to react to the change in geo-politics and previous criticism of remaining in Russia. Writing for Express.co.uk, Ukrainian MP Oleksi Goncharenko said: "This is a clear example of a UK luxury firms that has either supposedly stopped trading in Russia or simply changed nothing." "It is for those companies that I have set up the Leave Russia Name and Shame campaign. We are tracking which companies are doing the right thing and pulling out of Russia and highlighting those companies paying taxes to the Russian state or providing non-essential items to Russia." He added: "Business as normal in the face of a genocidal regime is unacceptable. It is outrageous that these companies are putting their profits before morals. "I hope that the British public and others around the world will get beyond this campaign and boycott all companies that continue to prop up the murderous Russian state." Sanctions have been in place on Russia since Putin ordered the invasion of Ukraine and have gradually been stepped up over the last year. Express.co.uk contacted Agent Provocateur for a response but has yet to receive a reply. However, when the issue was raised with the campany last month a spokeswoman told the Guardian that the stores in Russia were "franchises" which meant the company was not directly operating in the company. She said: “The agreements we have are confidential and so we are not free to discuss the terms or any negotiations relating to them. “However, it should be understood that you can’t just drop out of contractual arrangements without provisions lawfully allowing you to do so.” Franchise agreements can be complicated to end depending on the nature of individual contracts and other brands have had difficulties completely extracting themselves from Russia as a result including Burger King. READ MORE: Shameless Putin says bloodshed will be on London's conscience The row comes shortly after President Volydymyr Zelensky visited London to thank the UK for its support and apeal for extra military aid including fighter jets. The Ukrainian President addressed a joint sitting of Parliament and went with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to the south west of England to observe Ukrainian soldiers being trained. He mae a point of praising former Prime Minister Boris Johnson for bringing the international community together at the start of the war and ensuring sanctions were put in place. Mr Johnson has also been a vocal supporter of more military aid including the tanks and fast jets. DON'T MISS Drakeford warned his plan for rats will close hospitals and schools [REVEAL] 'Fascist' slur against Anderson uncovers the real Tory civil war [INSIGHT] POLL – Should Rishi Sunak push for the UK to leave the ECHR? [REACT]