With rising costs, doing laundry at the moment can seem rather expensive. However, Martha Stewart has detailed a clever homemade laundry hack that can make your washing cleaner and cheaper. The homes expert highlighted a clever recipe to make a simple homemade laundry detergent, originally devised by a laundry expert. Rechelle Balanzat founded the laundry business Juliette. She makes it with baking soda, hydrogen peroxide, borax, and gentle dish soap. The expert explained that these ingredients have been proven to be extremely effective in cleaning laundry and removing stains. Borax powder is used in laundry detergent in order to absorb dirt and is a common household cleaner that can be found in most stores. Baking soda is used to make your clothes keep better for longer as it will help brighten whites and clothes more vibrant. Rechelle also said that baking soda works to soften the wash water, which will make each cycle much more effective. READ MORE: ‘Really effective’ small changes to reduce laundry costs and energy To begin making your own laundry detergent, you will first need to boil eight cups of water. Then, add two cups of borax and two cups of baking soda. Next, add two cups of a gentle dish soap of your choice, such as Dove, and then add another eight cups of boiling water. Once the mixture is dissolved, you can choose to add essential oils if you would prefer, to have your clothes smelling however you like. However, it should be noted that some essential oils such as cinnamon, citrus, and tea tree oil are poisonous to pets, so be cautious and do your research on essential oils if using any. Once the mixture is done, let your laundry detergent cool down to room temperature, and it should thicken into a white powder. To store it, always put homemade laundry detergent in an airtight glass jar away from children and pets. DON'T MISS:‘Shoppers praise £1.90 product for making dirty towels [INSIGHT]I washed my towels with 40p white vinegar to restore fluffiness [REVEAL]Right amount’ of laundry detergent to use - avoids ‘smelly’ machines [REPORT]  If stored properly, homemade detergent can last for around six months. Rechelle said: "DIY laundry detergent contains powders like borax and baking soda which have a longer shelf life.” Of course, how long your laundry detergent will last depends on how regularly you do laundry and the size of your household. If you live alone, are a couple or have a smaller family, your mixture could last up to one year if you only do one load of laundry once a week. For a standard wash, add one tablespoon of your homemade detergent, and only up to two tablespoons for extremely dirty laundry. However, Rechelle explained it was important not to use too much detergent. She said: "Using too much laundry detergent can leave a residue in the fibres of your clothing. It is important to not overuse laundry detergent, as it can create a surplus of suds, leaving your clothing oversaturated.”    As well as being cheap and simple to make, the benefit of making your own homemade laundry is that it is environmentally friendly. It reduces the number of plastic bottles stored in your household and also can last for a longer period of time. Another benefit is that you have total control over what ingredients is going into your clothes, which can be a huge benefit for those with sensitive skin. Rechelle explained: "Many laundry detergents that can be purchased in the store have synthetic fragrances and chemicals.” A huge perk to making your own laundry detergent is that you control what ingredients are being used."   