The Countess of Wessex has mucked in by feeding a calf during a visit to a dairy farm. Sophie, who is patron of the Addington Fund which supports farmers and their families in times of crisis, visited Smerrill Dairy to meet farmers from across Gloucestershire. Sophie chatted with farmers and heard about some of the challenges they face as well as getting her hands dirty by feeding milk to a calf and looking at equipment at the dairy. News of the visit was shared on social media via The Royal Family's Twitter account along with a video of the Countess. Musician Raniero Gaspari's track "In the farm" plays over the top of the footage which also shows Sophie speaking to farm workers. The Addington Fund is a UK farming charity with a mission to help farming families with affordable housing, retirement homes and disaster relief in times of crisis. It also offers small grants to farmworkers in need.  In 2021, the Countess of Wessex visited the charity's stand at the Westmorland County Show where she was announced patron. CEO of the Addington Fund Bill Young praised Sophie at the time, saying she had "a real understanding of agriculture, rural communities and the challenges they face". Sophie's visit today won plaudits from fans who hailed the Royal Family's support for rural communities. NorthernLass wrote in response to The Royal Family's tweet: "My maternal family have been farmers for generations and it is an industry with unique yet ever-changing challenges. "Many just don't appreciate this so it is great that our Royal Family works to raise awareness and support the community." READ ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN 'BEING EXILED' BY CELEBRITIES IN THE US   Fellow royal fan, Mariana Nolasco, wrote on Twitter: "The Countess of Wessex is amazing!! It's a great video." Fellow Twitter user The Wales Family (fan account) simply commented: "Love Her Royal Highness." The visit comes days after Sophie celebrated her 58th birthday, marking the occasion with a visit to Connaught Junior School in Bagshot, Surrey. Sophie was also given a bunch of bright yellow flowers with the children singing Happy Birthday during the visit in which the Countess opened the school's new dedicated space for science, technology, engineering, art and maths. The Countess was also greeted by school dog, Toffee, which performed tricks for her, including doing a high five and barking on command.  DON'T MISS: Being a royal was 'too cr***y' for Harry and Meghan - US journalist [OPINION] Forgotten historic European monarchy and where its members are today [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [LATEST]    Sophie has long shown an interest in farming matters. In May last year she and her husband, Prince Edward, visited Shallowford Farm, a medieval working hill farm deep in the Dartmoor National Park. While there, the royal couple met young people from disadvantaged backgrounds who were learning about farming and country life. Edward and Sophie also paid a visit to Devon and Cornwall Food Action where they joined volunteers sorting surplus food so it could be used to help reduce food poverty in Plymouth, Lostwithiel and Exeter. Last month, Sophie was pictured on a visit to Heatherwood Hospital near Ascot, Berkshire. She was seen sharing a laugh with NHS staff. The visit came in the wake of the publication of Prince Harry's bombshell memoir Spare.  Despite being 13th in line to the throne, a royal expert recently claimed Edward and Sophie are replacing the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in the King's slimmed-down monarchy, taking the role on with "great ease". Speaking on behalf of Spin Genie, royal correspondent Charles Rae said: "One thing that is a pity is that if the fallout had not happened, then Harry and Meghan would have been cornerstones in the new slimmed-down monarchy." He added that "their positions have been filled with great ease by Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex". However, despite the Earl and Countess of Wessex's roles, Mr Rae claimed one wish the Royal Family would have had is for Harry and Meghan to have played a key role.