NCIS Hawaii is the third spin-off to come from NCIS and it has undoubtedly been an international success. Now in its second season, CBS viewers have gotten to know the agents a little better, including Agent Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami). She hasn't been in the drama as frequently over the past month but will soon be back to her usual duties alongside the rest of her colleagues. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii. NCIS Hawaii's Agent Lucy Tara is played by actress Yasmine Al-Bustami since the show launched last year. Al-Bustami was born in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates to a Palestinian-Jordanian father and Filipina mother, but moved with her family to Texas at the age of three. She was born on November 6, 1993, which means Al-Bustami is now 29 years old. Al-Bustami is very private when it comes to her personal life so it isn't known how she celebrated the occasion. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue But the actress is bound to mark this year's birthday as she will be turning 30. In comparison to her NCIS Hawaii co-stars, Al-Bustami is the youngest of the main cast. Her onscreen girlfriend Kate Whistler, played by actress Tori Anderson, is 34 years old. Meanwhile, Alex Tarrant is 33, Noah Mills is 39 and Vanessa Lachey is aged 42. The oldest among the main stars of the CBS spin-off is Ernie Malik star Jason Antoon who is 51 years old. As well as being the youngest on set, Al-Bustami is also the shortest, standing at just 5ft 3in tall. She is about five inches shorter than actress Anderson who is around 5ft 8in. Executive producer Jan Nash told TV Line in 2021 that they weren't even aware of the height difference when they cast the actresses for their roles as they auditioned over video call. She told Looper: "Everybody's the size of their head and shoulders in a box [on Zoom], so we had no idea! "[Yasmine and Tori] got these roles because they were the actors who really sold the parts in their auditions, and then they showed up and we were like, 'Oh my!'" DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest staggered by black opal brooch's value  [REACTION]NCIS season 20 will be returning next week on CBS [RELEASE DATE]Daniela Ruah will be celebrating a milestone birthday this year [CAST] At the start of season two, Lucy explained to Kate that she had applied for a job as a Special Agent at Afloat while they were broken up. Her application was successful which meant her going away for a few months and even though she was sad to see her go, Kate was very supportive. So Lucy has been missing from the team for quite some time with only a couple of sporadic appearances in the past few weeks. Luckily, her time at sea will be over and done with when the drama returns. NCIS Hawaii will be back with episode 15, Good Samaritan, next week when Lucy will also be making her comeback. The synopsis reads: "A Navy deserter accidentally comes out of hiding, and his family becomes a target that drives the NCIS team and Charlie 1 to investigate who is after them. "Lucy surprises the team by returning to Hawaii from her agent afloat job early." NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues on Monday, February 27, on CBS in the USA.