Lando Norris has claimed he has not set a date on when he could walk away from F1 in a contrast to Max Verstappen. The McLaren driver said he had never thought of leaving the sport as he admitted his “life goal” was to compete in F1. It comes after Norris' paddock friend Verstappen suggested he could walk away at the end of his Red Bull deal after 2028. Speaking to PlanetF1, Norris explained: “My goals and everything that I think of now is, it’s just Formula One related. “I don’t know if you asked Lewis [Hamilton] when he was 23 or Fernando [Alonso] when he was 23 ‘are you going to be in Formula 1 for another 15 years?’ I don’t think they could have answered that with 100 per cent confidence. "But every driver is different. With Max saying that he could leave, that is a very long way away and there’s no point trying to make assumptions when you can just wait and finally find out one day. So for now, all I think about is Formula One, that’s all I want to achieve. My life goal is to get to where I believe I can be and where we can be as a team within Formula One.” READ MORE: Lando Norris explains Zak Brown's 'orders' over Oscar Piastri battle  Norris starred at McLaren last season as he dominated experienced team-mate Daniel Ricciardo. He also secured a podium despite McLaren’s lack of pace compared to the frontrunners and Alpine. Verstappen revealed he would not commit to an extended stay in F1 after winning the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last season. The Dutchman hinted he wanted to spend time with family and friends but accepted Red Bull’s competitiveness would play a major part in his decision. There is currently speculation around Lewis Hamilton’s future as the 38-year-old has not yet penned a new deal. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff revealed an extension would be agreed over the winter but nothing has yet to be finalised. DON'T MISSZak Brown outlines what McLaren must do to keep Lando Norris  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton could be replaced by fellow British F1 ace [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris has work to do as fans back McLaren chief's Alonso belief [COMMENT] Sky Sports host Karun Chandhok has tipped Norris to be Mercedes’ “number one target” should Hamilton walk away. However, he fears it could be difficult for the 23-year-old to leave McLaren after securing a bumper contract last season. Norris is currently signed on to stay at the British manufacturer until the end of the 2025 season. Chandhok commented: “Brilliant negotiation by Zak and the team to lock him in. We all know that people can be bought out of contracts and they get bought out all the time. “Look at Gasly. It happens all the time but it’s going to cost more. It’s going to be tricky.”