Former tennis star Alex Corretja has offered some insight into the relationship between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic, who have formed one of the sport's greatest rivalries. Nadal and Djokovic have dominated tennis in recent years, alongside the recently retired Roger Federer, and have won the most men's Grand Slam singles titles in history. Djokovic's recent triumph at the Australian Open drew him level with Nadal's 22 title wins. And while Corretja believes the pair have mutual respect for each other, he feels it is difficult for them to be friends given their rivalry. Speaking to Spanish radio station Cadena SER, Corretja said: "I think that Nadal and Djokovic have a respectful relationship but I don't see them going to dinner together to discuss situations. "In tennis, everyone is very closed to their team. The same thing happened to us, they are different habits, you have different schedules, another way of being… JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios issues statement as Aussie avoids criminal record "Just as Federer and Nadal had a rivalry but turned it into something closer, Djokovic and Nadal have been on opposite paths at the level of ideals and sharing things with the fans." Corretja cited his own relationship and rivalry with Carlos Moya, who now coaches Nadal, stating they found it difficult to remain friends while competing against each other. "I think they both have a very deep vision of the sport, they have given everything," he added. "Moya and I were great friends, he beat me in the Roland Garros final and I beat him in the Masters final. Unintentionally, there comes a time when you stop giving clues because you don't want to make it easier for the other if you have concerns and you stop being so close...Well, imagine what happens with Rafa and Novak. "They respect each other, I don't think they have a friendship of sending each other WhatsApps, something that Roger and Rafa did, they were more relaxed. The most important thing of all is that there is mutual respect."