  Sam Faiers, 32, was forced to chastise her partner Paul Knightley on a recent flight to Abu Dhabi. The TOWIE star was left feeling embarrassed after the father of her children disturbed passengers by yelling loudly on the plane.      The pair enjoyed a luxurious family holiday in the UAE city, but the mother-of-three has since admitted she found the journey incredibly stressful. Long-term partner Paul appeared to be to blame, as the former Celebrity Big Brother contestant explained he had caused some tension on the flight. The couple travelled with their three children: Paul Jnr, 6, Rosie, 5, and six-month-old Edward. Sam’s sister Billie Faiers and her husband Greg Shepherd also came along, bringing with them their three children: Nelly, 8, Arthur, 5, and their baby girl, Margot. READ MORE: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies     Speaking on the The Billie And Sam Show podcast, the star gave an insight into the best and worst parts of their trip - describing the stressful flight in detail. She explained how she had been left mortified when Paul continuously shouted while watching a football match on the way home, even prompting one passenger to send him some dirty looks. "There was a man next to me that was kind of shaking his head. He was shaking his head at big Paul,” she explained. "On the way home, Arsenal was playing - it was quite a big game and you can watch it live from the flight.      “And I think it was 2 nil down or something and we got two goals and it was intense. “So it was like a really mad, intense game,” she continued. "Everytime we were scoring, Paul was making this really loud shout and yelling, 'Yeah, go on, get in!'. "In the end I told him that he had to stop doing it,” she added. READ MORE... Madonna shows off 'surgery' results now swelling 'has gone down' [NEWS] John Cleese 'apologises' after Fawlty Towers news sparks upset [NEWS] Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INSIGHT]     “People were trying to relax and the man next to us was fuming about it. “He was shaking his head and I think it made him jump,” the star admitted. Sam also described how her youngest child, Edward, had slept for only 30 minutes on the eight-hour flight, which also added to the tough journey. The TOWIE star has been dating her partner Paul since 2014 and the pair announced they were expecting their first child the following year.     Prior to her relationship with Paul, Sam was engaged to Joey Essex, but the pair finally split “for good” in 2014 following an on-again-off-again relationship spanning several years. Sam is an original TOWIE cast member, first appearing on TV back in 2010 and has appeared in a total of 11 series of the show. Her sister Billie went on to join the show in season two, which is also when Sam began her relationship with Joey. In 2014, Sam competed in the 13th series of Celebrity Big Brother, finishing in fifth place. The Sam & Billie Show podcast is available on streaming services now.    