Shauna Rae from Pennsylvania has revealed she is still looking for love despite the online backlash against her recent relationship. Shauna is an adult but weighs just 50 pounds and stands at just 3 feet 10 inches tall, which is the average height of a child.    As a child, Shauna was diagnosed with brain cancer and after undergoing chemotherapy treatment her growth was severely stunted. The treatment caused damage to her pituitary gland which has led Shauna to develop pituitary dwarfism. Shauna has always been candid about her unique dating struggles and has allowed herself to be recorded going on dates as part of her current TLC reality show, called ‘I Am Shauna Rae.’ Her previous relationship recently caused uproar online as people accused her past partner of being a “creep” for dating someone with a child-like appearance.However, Shauna has insisted that the backlash will not get her down, and has continued to look for love. In the most recent episode of ‘I am Shauna Rae’, Shauna was seen getting ready to go on a blind date with a brand-new match. She revealed she had “never been” on a blind date before and had a “bunch of worries” about going on one. READ MORE: US TV host says 'the more we get to know Harry, the less we like him' Her father and sister drove her to the date location, but sadly her fears came true and her date cancelled on her due to “cold feet”. Shauna explained to viewers that she was “relieved” that the man had cancelled on her. She said: “It just kind of showed all of these characteristics I don't want in a person in my life.” Shauna and her family decided to “make the best of a bad situation” and instead enjoyed the day bowling together. The reality star said she was trying to see the silver lining in the situation and had enjoyed spending time with her family. She said: "Even though it was supposed to be a date, I probably enjoyed it better this way with my family than I would with a complete stranger. I'm still open to the matchmaking situation, it really depends on if the second guy cancels.”  DON'T MISS:Tennis star smashes three rackets in extraordinary fit of rage [REPORT]Meghan and Harry facing 'proper grilling' with Samantha Markle case [REVEAL]More than 15k dead as angry Turks hit out at Erdogan over response [INSIGHT] The date follows Shauna’s brief relationship with Dan Swygart, a 26-year-old from Wales who she went on a series of dates with, which were recorded on the reality show. However, Dan quickly received backlash online, and was called a “creep” who was dating Shauna because she “looked like a kid”. One commentator on YouTube posted: "Yes, she is 23, but she looks and talks like an eight-year-old. She also does not act like a mature woman. She is childlike." Dan hit back at critics on Instagram, and in a video said: "Me and Shauna are still just really good friends getting to know each other, but I think it’s absolutely disgusting, the attitude of some people. How dare you take away her right, her human right, to have a connection, a friendship, a relationship with someone else? Who are you to say that she can’t have that?"   