Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta appeared to mock referee Simon Hooper during the Gunners 4-2 win over Aston Villa. A Gunners counter-attack was pulled back as the ball was rolling for a quickly taken quick free-kick with the Spaniard mocking the ruling ball gesture in the aftermath. Arsenal eventually emerged victorious in the enthralling encounter to move back to the top of the Premier League table but for long spells of the match, it did not look like it would be that way. Villa had twice taken the lead and the Gunners required two goals in injury time to claim the three points. The pressure looked to be getting to Arteta at times too with referee Hooper on the receiving end. The Spaniard appeared to mock the official after he stopped an Arsenal counter-attack because the ball was rolling in a quickly taken free-kick. Arteta made the rolling ball gesture himself as he made his frustrations clear to the referee. Arteta's actions were not punished by Hooper at the time with the official deciding to focus on the frantic on-field action instead. JUST IN: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd  Arteta has not seen eye-to-eye with referees on multiple occasions this season and has accumulated his fair share of yellow cards. Relations between the Spaniard and the officials reached their low point last week when VAR Lee Mason forgot to draw the offside lines for Brentford's equaliser in the 1-1 draw at the Emirates, a mistake that has seen the referee leave the PGMOL. PGMOL chief Howard Webb personally wrote to the club to offer an apology however the response did not fully satisfy Arteta given the importance of the two points dropped. "We ended the game - after analysing all the evidence we had with the images - with a huge anger and disappointment," Arteta told reporters ahead of the clash with Villa. We appreciate the apology and the explanations [from PGMOL] - they were really open. We received a lot of sympathy from our colleagues in football.   "I will only be satisfied if they give me the two points back, which will not be the case. They were sincere, open and genuine apologies and explanations which is really good but it doesn't change the fact we have two fewer points than we should have in the table." It remains to be seen if Arteta will face any sanctions for his actions but it does not appear that his relationship with referees will improve any time soon.