Janette Manrara and Aljaž Škorjanec are one of the fan-favourite Strictly Come Dancing couples, with the pair first getting together over a decade ago. The It Takes Two presenter has now revealed the secret to their happy marriage as she lifted the lid on the promise her beau made during their wedding vows.  And it was only natural Janette was chosen for the job, as the American-born professional dancer feels “passionate” about Disney Parks. Janette loves Disney so much that Aljaž made the promise in his wedding vows to take her to a Disney Park once a year. Asked about her involvement in the campaign, Janette told Express.co.uk: “I think I may be one of the UK’s biggest Disney fans, so when I heard about this competition, it really was a no brainer to get involved. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais mocks Sam Smith in dig after star's BRITs appearance “I’m so passionate about Disney Parks, having first visited Walt Disney World aged one. “Since then I think I’m up to 43 visits to just Walt Disney World, we did our mini-moon at Disneyland Paris and Aljaž even said as part of his wedding vows that he would take me to a Disney Park once a year.” The TV star continued: “It really is a competition of a lifetime, where 10 finalists get to take their families and friends along with them to Disneyland Paris, Walt Disney World and onboard Disney Cruise Line, to compete to be crowned UK’s Biggest Disney Fan and I’m so excited to share that experience with the finalists and to get to meet them all and share our passion for all things Disney.” Elsewhere in the interview, Janette detailed her busy schedule ahead of the trip as she toured the UK with her Strictly co-stars. Reflecting upon her many work commitments, Janette revealed the secret to avoid feeling overwhelmed and being able to wind down in the evening. Talking about her daily routine, Janette explained: “I try to not overwhelm myself and take it day by day. “My mornings are crucial for just getting through my emails and any little tasks, but then when it’s showtime I focus on the show and bringing the audience the best night possible.” The TV presenter went on: “Evenings are also crucial, but in a different way. DON'T MISS...Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [BRIT AWARDS]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] “I really try to relax, light a candle, and get a good sleep to come back energised again for the next day. Compartmentalising is key.” Janette and Aljaž rose to fame on Strictly Come Dancing in 2013. The pair have credited the show for saving them as they were initially long distance. The couple first met through the world of dance and got together in 2010. In 2015, he proposed to the brunette beauty and they went on to marry in 2017. Before coming to London, Janette was based in her hometown Miami, while Aljaz was also dancing in his country Slovenia. Janette stepped down from her professional duties on the show after the 2020 series. She now presents the spin-off show Strictly: It Takes Two alongside Rylan Clark. Aljaz decided to also depart from the competition the following year, admitting it wasn't the same without his wife.