Princess Charlotte is the second child of Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales, and she is third in line to the throne. While she is only seven years old, in 15-20 years' time, it is believed Charlotte will have to find a job rather than take on the role of a working royal representing the Royal Family. Daily Mail’s Diary Editor Richard Eden explained: “From what I hear, the Prince and Princess of Wales want Charlotte, aged seven, to grow up with the expectation that she will get a job and not be a full-time royal. “This path for the young Princess would be in keeping with her grandfather, King Charles III's, vision for a slimmed-down monarchy.” He opined: “Personally, I would prefer to see a larger Royal Family, carrying out more official engagements and meeting more members of the public. “If Charlotte is to get a job and not be an active member of ‘The Firm’, she needs to be ready to step into the breach, if needed.” READ MORE: Four foods Royal Family will never eat including King Charles's rule Should Charlotte not become a senior working royal, and instead chooses to have her own career, this will be the first of its kind in the Royal Family’s history. It is also unlikely Prince Louis will be a working royal if his sister isn’t one. Whether or not she is a working royal, Charlotte could still inherit a royal title in the future. The current Princess Royal, Princess Anne was given the title in 1987, but as it is a title for life, it can only be passed to Charlotte following Princess Anne’s death. Royal expert Duncan Larcombe, told Town and Country: “The title of Princess Royal is traditionally bestowed on the eldest daughter of the monarch. DON'T MISS...Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste [GUIDE]Marks and Spencer to close seven stores this year - list [NEWS]Smooth out wrinkles in ‘just 30 seconds’ with ‘amazing’ skin tonic [BEAUTY] “This path for the young Princess would be in keeping with her grandfather, King Charles III's, vision for a slimmed-down monarchy.” He opined: “Personally, I would prefer to see a larger Royal Family, carrying out more official engagements and meeting more members of the public. “If Charlotte is to get a job and not be an active member of ‘The Firm’, she needs to be ready to step into the breach, if needed.” “It is a title that remains for life, so Princess Charlotte will have to wait at least until the death of the current Princess Royal." The Princess Royal title was first introduced to mimic the French royal title of Madame Royale back in the 1600s, and Princess Anne has proudly honoured the title. Currently, King Charles III’s sister, Princess Anne, 72, is the hardest-working senior royal having attended 214 engagements in 2022 compared to the monarch who completed 181 royal engagements in the same 12 months. Should the title be passed to Charlotte, she will have big shoes to fill if she’s a working royal. READ MORE: Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims As for what Charlotte’s future looks like according to the stars, the Princess is a Sun Taurus, just like her great-grandmother was. Astrologer Jessica Adams previously predicted Charlotte’s love life. She told Express.co.uk: “She could easily marry in 2040 aged 25 when Jupiter in the romantic sign of Libra passes over her Moon in Libra." But before she marries, Charlotte is said to have “her first rich boyfriend” in 2030, when she is just 15. In terms of the type of person Charlotte is said to grow up to become, she is going to “make her wealth independently”. The astrologer suggested a career in writing for Charlotte, similar to Queen Victoria who kept diaries of her life. Jessica said Charlotte could “venture into publishing books or guest-editing magazines”.