Cruise ships usually have a huge range of cabins and guests may have a different experience depending on the type of room they book. The cheapest cabins on most ships are interior cabins. Interior cabins don’t have a window and are usually located towards the middle of the ship. While booking an interior cabin is a great way to save money, some people find the cabins claustrophobic. The cabins are usually fairly dark as they don’t get any natural light, which isn’t ideal for passengers who suffer from seasickness. A cruise guest who had booked an interior cabin asked people on Reddit if they had any tips to improve the experience. READ MORE: Warning to anyone with holidays booked for Spain, Portugal and Germany Another guest said: “Some people swear by daylight alarm clocks that slowly light up the room to wake you up, which could be an option.” Guests could bring a small alarm clock which will mirror the effect of daylight when the sun comes up. The guest added: “You might be able to leave your bathroom light on with the door closed to make it lighter in the room without being too bright.” Cruise cabins are nearly always ensuite and guests could prop open their bathroom door to lighten their room. One guest said they always brought LED candles from IKEA on their cruise to give the room a “gentle glow”. They said: “We put one on the desk and one in the bathroom when we first board, turn them on around seven at night, and they automatically give a gentle glow until 7am without us interfering. “It’s been a few years and they are still running on the original AA batteries I stuck in there when we bought them.” LED candles will be allowed onboard and could also help to give the room a little more atmosphere. READ MORE: Cruise expert warns guests to read the 'fine print' - 'might miss out' Guests won’t be able to take real candles onboard the cruise ship as they are considered a fire risk. The passenger added: “Bring a rechargeable fan. The air movement will help with that closed-in feeling, the white noise will help relax, and having it rechargeable means you are not taking up a plug all night when you want to be charging your phone.” A cheap rechargeable fan will help to circulate air around the room and may relax passengers who feel trapped. Another guest said: “Just remember you are not trapped in the room. You can go out on deck in the middle of the night if you want.” Cruise guests aren’t confined to their cabins at night and can go to one of the other areas if they need to stretch their legs. Although some rooms may be closed at night, there will be a few areas that guests can go outside their cabin. Another guest added: “A lot of inside cabins have a ‘window’ that is really a TV that carries a live feed of what you would see if you did in fact have a window.” Guests could put the live feed on if they want to see what’s going on outside and it may help to reduce claustrophobia.