On Monday, Senator Chuck Schumer joined the show's panel of women with Whoopi Goldberg, Sara Haines, Alyssa Farah Griffin, Sunny Hostin, and Ana at the table to discuss the Super Bowl. Things were going smoothly until host Ana seemingly panicked midway through and asked for support from the behind the scenes crew. Senator Schumer, 72, was on The View to share his opinion on the Super Bowl and share details of his family life, including his new grandson, Henry. However, during the chat, political commentator, Alyssa, swiftly changed the wholesome conversation to the Chinese spy balloon scandal. Her co-host Sunny contributed to the political discussion by asking details of the "latest chapter" in the "classified documents drama." Senator Schumer seemed to be open to answering all political questions fired at him by the pair until things got a little awkward on the panel. Political strategist and commentator Ana was about to join in with the conversation saying: "Senator, Democrats and the..." However, she stopped and turned to Whoopi and asked: "Are we going back?" The Oscar-winning actress replied: "[Going back] to what?" as she looked back at the crew with a confused expression. After Whoopi's bewilderment, Ana turned to a crew member behind-the-scenes to ask them if she "should jump in," to which the crew member responded: "Keep going."  This hasn't been the first time The View hosts have depended on members of the show's production team for things to go smoothly on-air. It comes after Whoopi became short-tempered with a producer who urged her to wrap up her discussion with Liam Neeson, who was promoting his new movie MARLOWE. As Whoopi was about to read something from the teleprompter, she paused before snapping at a show producer on set. The actress took a moment to gather her words before she began venting her feelings live on-air, seemingly fed up with producers for just "throwing stuff up" on the teleprompter. She said: "See, you keep throwing stuff up, and then you don't tell me what I'm doing," as she gestured to one of the producers behind the camera. The producer attempted to explain what she was reading was what she should say to Liam before she introduced a commercial break. Prior to Whoopi's outburst, panellists Ana and Joy Behar, managed to bombard the 70-year-old actor with questions about his career, dominating much of the conversation. However, the crew then suddenly played a montage of clips from previous episodes of The View, showing Joy gushing over Liam, who was awkwardly watching next to her.   In the clip, Joy could be heard referencing Liam, even mentioning how she would like her ashes sprinkled over him. The clip prompted Joy to shout at a producer: "That was evil, Brian! Embarrassing me and Liam!" The Taken actor attempted to make his admirer feel less embarrassed as he turned and joked: "Joy, you received the cheques right?" The View airs weekdays at 11am ET on ABC in the USA.  