Joe Biden's hopes of re-election have taken a beating as a new poll has revealed most Democrat voters want him to step aside for another candidate before the 2024 US presidential vote. Just 37 percent of Democratic Party primary voters want the 80-year-old president to be the party's 2024 nominee.  The 46th POTUS is reportedly mulling over when to launch his re-election bid, with First Lady Jill Biden telling reporters: "Darling, he's just not done." But an overwhelming number of Democratic primary voters appear to hope Biden follows in the footsteps of Lyndon B Johnson by backing out of the challenge. A Fox News national survey conducted between February 19 and 22 revealed that just 37 percent would keep Biden, with 53 percent of supporting an alternative candidate instead. But 84 percent of Democratic primary voters still approve of the Biden's performance as commander-in-chief. Democrat Chris Anderson told the US network: "They like him and the job he’s doing, even if they might wish for an alternative in 2024." JUST IN: China could 'take out the entire US' with huge coordinated spy balloon attack A separate opinion poll from McLaughlin and Associates indicated that Biden's primary support is also far from convincing. The survey, conducted between February 17 and 23, put support for the 46th POTUS at just 26 percent. Ex-First Lady Michelle Obama trailed in second with 14 percent, while left-wing firebrand Bernie Sanders found himself in a distant third. But, Vice President Kamala Harris could benefit if Biden decided not to seek re-election, with her support increasing from six points to 11 percent. Barack Obama's wife would still top the ticket in the event Biden drops out of the race, with McLaughlin and Associates putting her eight points ahead of Harris. Biden is widely expected to seek re-election, despite unflattering polls. His wife Jill Biden perhaps handed reporters the clearest hint about his White House ambitions. During a recent visit to Kenya's capital Nairobi, the First Lady said: "He’s not finished what he’s started, and I think look at all that Joe has done, has accomplished. DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] "He brought us out of the chaos and he did that - he was elected because people wanted steady leadership, and I think they saw that in Joe, and they saw his character, they saw his integrity. "And he came into office - he knew what he wanted to do, and he knew that people were suffering from the pandemic." When asked by PBS NewsHour if he will seek re-election, the 46th POTUS also said: "That's my intention, I think, but I haven't made that decision firmly yet." Biden aides have told NBC that an announcement is likely to come in April after the first fundraising quarter ends. 