Mikel Arteta has sympathy for Chelsea boss Graham Potter after previously being under pressure at Arsenal. The Spaniard refused to say if, like Potter, he received death threats during his difficult time in charge at the Emirates. Chelsea have won just one of their 11 matches in 2023. Potter has faced calls for him to be sacked after a torrid run of form. The Blues sit 10th in the Premier League table and realistically will have to win the Champions League to qualify for the competition next season. However, they trail Borussia Dortmund 1-0 following their last-16 first leg. Arsenal are flying high at the top of the Premier League and are hoping to win their first title since 2004. But only last summer there were many doubting Arteta's future at the club after missing out on finishing in the top four. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter told to get rid of eight players in brutal verdict  Potter has referenced the turnaround Arteta has made when discussing his own future. Arteta had his chance to comment at his press conference on Tuesday. Asked if he had empathy and sympathy for Potter, he said: "Absolutely. We are colleagues and we all know the pressure, the demands and the uncertainty that this industry has. "And as well because the fact at the end the ball has to go into that net and there are many factors that sometimes prevent that which you can't control. So of course you empathise, because you suffer, because you know how it is when you are going through those moments." Potter revealed he has received death threats towards him and his family. But Arteta wouldn't discuss whether he had got the same during his difficult spell, replying: "I prefer not to talk about that." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub  Potter has compared his situation to Arteta on more than one occasion. Following Sunday's loss to Tottenham, he referenced Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary which came out at the beginning of this season. Asked if support from the Chelsea board could change, he said: "Well, there's always that question, absolutely. And you can't stop the questions. And while the results are like they are, I accept them - it's part of the job. "We were talking before the game about watching All or Nothing and Arsenal, two years into Mikel's reign he's close to getting the sack and people are wanting him out and it's a disaster. And now things have changed a little bit - and that's just the way it is." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 