Ozzy Osbourne, 74, has been plagued by constant pain following a traumatic spinal injury in 2019, and a previous quad bike crash, both of which have left his body "physically weak". He announced earlier this month that he has been forced to retire from touring and may never perform the same way again - and he has now admitted his wife Sharon Osbourne, 70, had some stern words for him over his struggles. Speaking on the latest episode of SiriusXM's Ozzy Speaks, the reluctantly retired rocker vowed he'd been "working his guts out" in a bid to get back on his feet. However, he admitted that Sharon, his wife and manager, exclaimed: "You know what? The truth of the matter is you can't keep booking tours and failing!" Ozzy is still holding out hope that a way can be found for him to still present his shows to the public, even if he can no longer tour from city to city. However, Sharon's stark warning about the impact of cancelling has left him realistic about his lack of mobility. READ NOW: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours "If I can ever get back to where I can tour again, fine," he mused. "But right now, if you said to me, 'Can you go on the road in a month?' I couldn't say yes." The former Black Sabbath frontman added: "Right now I can't book tours because right now I don't think I could pull them off." He lamented that even if he got the all-clear from his doctor right now, it would likely take another six months to physically prepare himself to go back on the road. However, he has fiercely rallied against the idea that he is "on his last legs", as he says one media source cruelly described his plight. "I'm f***ing not dying," the agitated star exclaimed. However, he lamented: "I feel like a one-legged man in a butt-kicking contest. The only thing I've got that keeps me going is making records." He continued: "I can't do that forever. I gotta get out there [but I'm] still in constant pain." DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [REVELATIONS] Louise Minchin gave up sport 30 years ago over changing bodyshape [INTERVIEW] Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share rare snaps with son on birthday [PICTURES]  Ozzy also recalled a recent two-night bout of pain during which he hadn't been able to sleep a wink. "I do the best I can to stay away from the pain medication, but there are times when I go, 'You know, I've gotta take something,'" he admitted. He added that being kept continuously awake for days was a form of "torture". Fortunately, Sharon has remained supportive throughout his health and mobility battles, even flying home from the UK and cancelling commitments on Piers Morgan's Uncensored show to be with her husband when he contracted Covid. The pair have been together for more than 40 years, with just a slight hiccup in 2016 when they split for a short period. For most of the four decades they've spent together since tying the knot, they have remained devoted to each other. Meanwhile, Sharon has been reposting morale-boosting videos from fellow celebrities expressing their hopes that Ozzy will return to the public eye with his music soon. Reassuring him that he loves listening to his music as much as Ozzy says he enjoys creating it, Stereophonics frontman Kelly Jones sent "love" to him on Instagram. "With all the love in the world and all the strength, mate, I hope you find some solace doing something, because the tour's been put on hold or cancelled until you can find a way of doing it in a comfortable way," he told him during a video, which included footage of his young son Marley rocking out to Black Sabbath. Meanwhile, in a recent social media statement, Ozzy explained that his team is brainstorming ideas so that he can still perform, but without the need to travel "from city to city and country to country". Ozzy Speaks airs monthly on his exclusive SiriusXM channel, Ozzy's Boneyard.