Transport for London (TfL) has part suspended the Jubilee Line this morning following reports of smoke at Canary Wharf underground station. TfL confirmed it was responding to a fire this morning and has closed Canary Wharf station while staff respond to the incident.  Trains on the Jubilee Line will not stop at the station this morning, while other lines - including the DLR and Elizabeth Line - remain open. Speaking to MyLondon, a witness said they saw smoke in the tunnels this morning as they travelled through London Bridge. They said they saw the smoke "at London Bridge and Canada Water" en route to Canary Wharf station. The commuter added that it was clearly "making its way through the tunnels", with the underground network appearing "more hazy" than usual. They said the two stations were "obviously filled with thick smoke". READ MORE: Union boss warns Britons should brace for a 'summer of discontent' TfL Access confirmed in a social media post that staff were responding to a "fire alert" this morning. The trouble on the Tube comes at the height of rush hour, and days after rail unions announced another round of strikes. Workers fighting for better pay will walk out again in March, the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has said. The RMT's 40,000 members will effectively shutter services across 14 networks for three days, starting from March 16. They will continue for three further days, including March 18 and 30, with another day of action scheduled for April 1. Mick Lynch, the RMT general secretary, said employers had not received a "fresh mandate" from the Government to offer members "a new deal on pay, conditions and job security". He added: "Therefore, our members will now take sustained and targeted industrial action over the next few months. “The Government can settle this dispute easily by unshackling the rail companies. However, its stubborn refusal to do so will now mean more strike action across the railway network and a very disruptive overtime ban.” Network Rail chief negotiator Tim Shoveller insisted that "thousands" of workers wish to take an "improved offer" the company previously offered. He accused RMT leadership of "choosing politics over people", adding the latest offer from Network Rail followed "multiple concessions, compromises and offers". Mr Shoveller added: “Their action is condemning us all to a long and drawn out dispute with no obvious end in sight, and is only harming the very industry and people it claims to be here to protect.”