An ex-MEP has claimed that the EU is waiting to work with the Labour Party and "neuter" Brexit. Ben Habib, a former Brexit Party politician, has warned that the bloc is angling for "dynamic alignment" with the UK. He said Labour's plans to "establish a working relationship" with Brussels officials could give them an opportunity, as leaders are reluctant to rectify an agreement with Rishi Sunak's Government. Speaking to GB news, Mr Habib said Labour officials wanted to "do whatever they can to establish a working relationship with the EU". He claimed that doing so would mean Labour brings the country "broadly in alignment with EU laws". The process of "dynamic alignment", he added, would mean the UK changes its laws in line with the bloc's to "mimic" them. The former MEP conceded that, in this case, the issue with the Northern Irish Protocol "diminishes greatly". READ MORE: Labour's 'dangerous' defence plan 'will take Britain into an EU army' But the alignment would leave Brexit weaker, effectively neutering it. Mr Habib said: "The EU are unlikely to do any deal with Rishi Sunak which alters the fundamental nature of the protocol. "They're more likely to wait for a Labour Government which will align the entire UK with the EU. "In effect that would neuter Brexit." Since becoming Labour leader, Sir Keir Starmer has pledged to keep the UK out of the EU but improve relations to streamline rocky post-Brexit arrangements. He promised while outlining the party's five-point plan to "make Brexit work" that, with Labour, "Britain will not go back into the EU. We will not be joining the single market. We will not be joining a customs union”. But in some cases, Labour will advocate for closer cooperation with the EU, with Sir Keir set to outline the party's economic plans to the National Farmer's Union (NFU) this week. Speaking to the union, he will tell farmers that a Labour Government would prioritise selling their produce and upholding high standards. The Guardian reported that he plans to tell NFU members the election of Liz Truss was evidence the Conservatives have "given up on farmers". He will say that Labour plans a "very different" approach to trade and will overhaul barriers. The speech will also see him pledge to "remove barriers to exporters, not put them up" and "protect high British standards, not water them down". The leader will add: “We are going to talk to our friends in the European Union, and we are going to seek a better trading relationship for British farming.”