Manchester United confirmed their rise back to the top with a straightforward 2-0 victory over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday afternoon. Casemiro put the Red Devils ahead in the 33rd minute of the contest. And a Sven Botman own goal then made the result safe to make it a memorable day at the office for Erik ten Hag's side at Wembley. Manchester United had gone into their match with Newcastle on a high after their pulsating victory over Barcelona on Thursday night. And the Red Devils won their first trophy in six long years after a professional performance at Wembley. Big players rise to big occasions and Casemiro did exactly that, with the Brazil international heading home a pinpoint delivery from Luke Shaw to spark wild celebrations in the red end. And Rashford, who had previously been an injury doubt, then played a big role as Sven Botman deflected the ball into his own net to double United's advantage. United are a team in resurgent form. Now, finally, they have silverware to celebrate once again. Express Sport now takes a look at four things we learned from the game. United recently had to make do without Casemiro for their last three domestic matches following his red card against Crystal Palace earlier in the month. But that meant there was plenty of hype surrounding the former Real Madrid star before kick-off in the capital. And Casemiro, without a doubt, justified it. This was another commanding performance from the veteran, who flourished alongside Fred in the middle of the park. Casemiro took his goal excellently, too, with his header sailing past Loris Karius and giving the Newcastle star no chance at all. Without a doubt, United are better when they have the Samba star. If he stays fit, then more trophies could beckon between now and the end of the season. We've already talked about Casemiro and how important the midfielder is to United and their quest to win a historic quadruple. But he's not the only player who became a hero, 24 hours after Ten Hag had challenged his players to create their own legacies. Praise must also go to Rashford, with the United star a formidable threat throughout the game - with his pace and potency causing Newcastle all kinds of problems. David De Gea's save from Allan Saint-Maximin was vital as well, with the Spain international keeping the Toon at bay as they pressed for an opener early on. And Lisandro Martinez showed bravery and courage once again, throwing himself at everything to ensure Newcastle weren't able to make their mark in the proceedings. The last time United won the Carabao Cup, many felt it could pave the way for a new era of dominance. In the end that didn't happen, with that victory one of the peaks of Jose Mourinho's reign - rather than the catalyst for bigger and better things. Now, though, there's a different feel about the club. Unlike when Mourinho ruled the roost, there's a unity around Old Trafford these days. The players, coaching staff and manager are all on the same page when it comes to how things should be. With the Red Devils competing on three other fronts as well, the next few months should certainly be exciting. Prior to kick off, all eyes were on Loris Karius. The Newcastle star was deployed from the start in the absence of Nick Pope, who missed the game through suspension after his red card against Liverpool last week. Karius is often remembered for dropping two clangers for Liverpool in their 3-1 2018 Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. And there was to be no redemption at Wembley, with United running riot in the first half to make sure the trophy went home with them. Newcastle are a team heading in the right direction but, clearly, there's still work for Eddie Howe to do when it comes to the Toon winning trophies.