Renowned boxing trainer Kevin Barry says that Anthony Joshua has made two great decisions ahead of his comeback. The Kiwi commended AJ for picking Derrick James as his new head coach and Jermaine Franklin for his first fight back. Joshua is currently in the rebuilding stages of his career after consecutive defeats to Oleksandr Usyk. Without a win since December 2020, the Brit has opted to replace former lead Robert Garcia with James in the hopes of clawing his way back into the title picture. James is widely considered to be one of the best trainers in the world and is the mastermind behind the successes of pound-for-pound greats Errol Spence Jr and Jermell Charlo. Roy Jones Jr had also been among those in consideration for the job but Barry says AJ made the right decision in choosing the more experienced option. “Joshua has to feel comfortable in his surroundings and if he’s obviously had several meetings with Derrick James and if he feels comfortable with him then I think he should give him a go,” he told Seconds Out. “I would far rather see him go with Derrick James than someone like Roy Jones Jr. I think the far better fit would be an established trainer like that.” Joshua is expected to return to the ring on April 1 at the O2 Arena in London against Franklin. The American, who recently lost a razor-closer majority decision to Dillian Whyte, serves as a warm-up opponent for blockbuster clashes with Whyte and either Deontay Wilder or Tyson Fury later in the year. Barry is a big fan of the fight and believes it will be an entertaining watch. “After not having a win for two years I think Franklin is the perfect opponent for him,” he added. “I think what we saw with Jermaine Franklin in the Dillian Whyte fight is a guy who can take a punch very well, a guy who is going to bring it, he’s going to come to you and fight. MORE BOXING NEWS... Klitschko warns IOC as boxer demands Olympics ban for Russian athletes Eubank Jr told Smith 'not that good' as team weigh up appealing result Chisora lifts lid on important role in Paul and Fury's Saudi showdown “I think a lot of people were surprised by the performance he gave in that fight. And I think Joshua and Eddie Hearn have made a really good decision in fighting him. It’s going to be a guy who is going to make Anthony Joshua fight, it’s going to be an exciting fight and the fact that many people thought he won the Dillian Whyte and I thought he won it. “And if Joshua is going to stick to the plan they have in place and fight Whyte later in the year this is the perfect lead-in for that.”