Thousands of state pensioners are missing out on a yearly boost worth £3,500 a year on average. Virgin Money and national poverty charity Turn2us are helping those on low incomes claim all the benefits and tax credits they may be entitled to. As the cost of living crisis continues, many families will be feeling the financial squeeze. Any extra cash each month could be vital for those on low incomes who are struggling to keep up with rising bills. Britons are urged to use a benefits calculator to see what they could be entitled to. Virgin Money and Turn2us have helped 28,708 people to check their eligibility for welfare benefits and tax credits using the charity’s free, easy-to-use benefits calculator on the bank’s website. READ MORE: Virgin Media customers could save up to £300 on broadband and get 9 months free While the rates for a couple will increase from £278.70 to £306.85. Pension Credit is also considered to be a gateway benefit, as it can open Britons up to a wide range of support. This could include help with housing costs, council tax, heating bills and health costs. For those over 75s, this includes an entitlement to a free TV licence. READ MORE Lloyds Bank issues warning after 'devastated' woman loses 'all her savings' in scam To be eligible, people usually need to live in England, Scotland or Wales and have reached the state pension age. As demand for the service continues, Virgin Money and Turn2us have now extended their partnership for a further twelve months. This comes as the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) announced people of state pension age could be losing out on an average of £3,500 a year in Pension Credit. Data from DWP shows £1.7 billion is being left unclaimed by approximately 770,000 older people in Britain. Lyn Rose, head of store network and customer inclusion at Virgin Money, said: “With the rising cost of living continuing to impact households, it’s more important than ever to check whether you’re receiving the right support from the government. “If your circumstances have altered even slightly it’s worth spending the ten minutes it takes to complete the form to make sure you’re not missing out on boosting your income. “We’ve already seen almost 30,000 people benefit from accessing the calculator via our website, and by continuing to work with Turn2us for at least another year we are aiming to reach many thousands more.” Thomas Lawson, chief executive of Turn2us, said: “Welfare benefits are there to help when we’re experiencing financial difficulty. It’s not right that so many remain unclaimed. “Partnering with Virgin Money has helped so many more people find out what support is there, and how to claim it. We urge people to check their benefits entitlement regularly with the free, easy-to-use and confidential Turn2us Benefits Calculator. “It will show what support is available at a time when budgets are stretched as far as they can go.” Since the start of the partnership, Turn2us estimates those who use the calculator and find out they are entitled to unclaimed benefits go on to receive an average of £5,300 in additional funds each year. For more information on Virgin Money’s cost of living support services, people can visit their website.