Manchester United are getting there. They’re not back yet, but Sunday’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final certainly represents a positive step in the right direction. And that display also showed exactly why the Red Devils would be wise to invest in permanent deals for Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer, too. Manchester United went into the game against Newcastle as favourites to win the trophy. And they did exactly that, with goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford bringing an end to their six-year trophy drought. It was a positive day all round for United, who are now dreaming of adding to their silverware collection at a time where they’re competing for three other major prizes. And it was another day that suggested Weghorst and Sabitzer’s loans should be turned into permanent ones. Weghorst has, of course, scored just once since moving to the club back in January. But he’s a selfless striker, one willing to run through brick walls for the betterment of the team. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Weghorst possesses footballing intelligence, too, while he’s proven to be surprisingly versatile - having played in the No 10 position during recent times. Sure, he’s not going to be the difference when it comes to winning Premier League titles. But Weghorst’s winning mentality is something the Red Devils have lacked - and something he’s provided since his arrival. Not all strikers need to be the best at scoring goals. Take Roberto Firmino at Liverpool, who has often sacrificed his own statistics in order to help get the best from those around him. And while United plan on signing an upgrade on Weghorst, he’d be a useful player to have for cup matches and those that require plenty of running. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Sabitzer was overlooked for the cup final against Newcastle, with Fred starting ahead of the midfielder. But the Austria international oozed class and composure upon coming on in the second half. Sabitzer was signed by United on deadline day due to an injury sustained by Christian Eriksen in a 3-1 victory over Reading last month. Yet he’s proven to be a useful recruit, slotting into the side as though he’s been there for years. Of course, United still want a world-class operator to go alongside Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag would love to land Frenkie de Jong, despite missing out on the Barcelona star last summer, while Jude Bellingham of interest. Burnley won’t stop Weghorst leaving given how he failed to shine at Turf Moor. And it’s a similar story with Bayern Munich and Sabitzer, with the former RB Leipzig star often struggling for game time. Both signings would be smart and easy for the club to make. And United could have more cash to play with this summer if they qualify for the Champions League and add more trophies to their collection. Weghorst, meanwhile, has claimed the current United squad is a ‘special’ group of players. “Today was [just] the first one, hopefully; we’ve got three more to go,” he told MUTV. “We have to enjoy this one and celebrate it but on the other side, we keep on going, we’re hungry for more. “This [winning] mentality, you can feel it in the squad, you can see it on the pitch, the guys who are there always deliver.” He added: “It’s quite special for me also, I’ve never noticed it before. “We have a special group.”