Arsenal appear to have learned from past mistakes in the transfer market with both Edu and Mikel Arteta seemingly working together on plan that is clearly working and there could be an opportunity this summer to rectify an error made by Ivan Gazidis. Arsene Wenger's final years in charge at the Emirates saw the club let a number of talented youngsters leave. Serge Gnabry's departure was arguably the biggest mistake of all with the winger going on to establish a brilliant career in Germany with Bayern Munich. There are others who have gone on to do great things since leaving Arsenal such as Yunus Musah and Ismael Bennacer. Donyell Malen is another who slipped through Arsenal's fingers with the Dutchman being allowed to leave for PSV in 2017. Former Arsenal chief executive Gazidis oversaw most of the behind-the-scenes operations at Arsenal at the time before leaving the club a year after Malen was sold. The young attacker didn't take long before breaking into PSV's first team and played a part in them winning the Eredivisie in 2018. He went from strength to strength in Holland, averaging a goal every other game and soon grabbed the attention of some of Europe's elite clubs.  Borussia Dortmund won the race for his signature in 2021 in a deal worth around £26million. But Ruhr Nachrichten are reporting Malen could be made available to leave Dortmund this summer after falling down the pecking order, opening the door for Arsenal to potentially bring him back to the Emirates. As well as Arteta's young squad has done this season, there is a clear need for more strength in depth. Arsenal are going through their first difficult spell of the season after picking up just one point from games against Everton and Brentford.  Gabriel Martinelli is going through a small goal drought while Gabriel Jesus is still yet to return from injury. Arsenal did sign Leandro Trossard last month after missing out on Mykhaylo Mudryk, but it's expected that another central option will be signed this summer. And Malen may well be a cheap option at the end of the season with Dortmund facing a tough battle to get what they paid for him two years ago. While unlikely to start, Malen could well develop into a strong squad player with bags of potential. But it's a move that could have been avoided had Arsenal kept hold of Malen back in 2017 and integrated him into the team instead of just offloading him.