The Bank of England Base Rate rises are largely better news for savers, as many have been taking advantage of the better deals offered by high street banks and building societies. Barclays Bank offers a competitive rate on its one-year fixed cash ISA - and the account can be opened with as little as £1. While interest rates continue to fluctuate, fixed-term accounts offer an additional layer of certainty to saving. This is because they allow account holders to lock in the rate offered at the time of opening and currently, these kinds of accounts are offering some of the highest rates available on the market. Commenting on the market trends, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Savers will need to act quickly to take advantage of the latest deals as some of the top savings’ rates have tumbled over the past month.” However, she noted: “Cash ISAs have improved across a variety of sectors this month, with new market-leading rates to entice savers who have yet to use their ISA allowance.  READ MORE: Couple save £15k and shave ‘six years’ from mortgage with overpayments  “Those savers who want to tie up their money in a fixed rate bond today for a year will be able to earn around four percent based on the top rate deals, which is around three times the return that they could have earned a year ago.” Ms Springall added that while rates on fixed bonds are somewhat falling, it’s still “worthwhile” for savers to compare deals now and secure the higher return to “avoid disappointment”. Cash ISAs come with additional perks and benefits, as these accounts allow savers’ money to grow without the need to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). However, cash ISAs can come with a few more restrictions, such as penalty charges for early access or transfers, or a specific deposit amount required per month. This means it makes for a better savings option for those who can regularly put money away and keep it there without touching it for a few years.  DON'T MISS:You could slash energy bills by £600 in just 3 hours [EXPLAINED]Now is the time to look at inheritance tax loopholes before the Budget [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    While many accounts compete to offer the top rate, Barclays Bank’s 1 Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 36) is currently offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of four percent. Savers can opt for interest to be applied monthly or at the end of the term. However, monthly interest can only be paid into a Barclays account - not this cash ISA or any other ISA bond. End-of-term interest will, on the other hand, be compounded annually and added to the cash ISA. Account holders can withdraw funds up to three times per year at a maximum value of 10 percent of the balance without facing a penalty. Early closures or whole balance transfers before the maturity date will result in a charge equivalent to 90 days’ tax-free interest based on the current balance. The account can be managed in a branch or online and once the one-year term ends, it will convert to Barclays instant access variable cash ISA.  READ MORE: Six simple tips to save over £3,000 a year when living alone  But while Barclays is offering a particularly appealing rate, it isn’t currently topping money comparison site Moneyfacts’ ‘Best Buys’ for one-year cash ISAs. Topping the leaderboard of fixed rate ISAs with the highest interest rates is Virgin Money’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Exclusive (Issue 4) with an AER of 4.25 percent. There is no minimum deposit required to open the account, but savers must have a current account with Virgin Money which was opened on or after December 4, 2019. Or, they originally opened their current account with Clydesdale Bank, Yorkshire Bank or have a Signature Current Account. Interest is calculated daily and paid at the end of the fixed term on January 31, 2024.  Some or all of the money can be withdrawn during the fixed term, but it can't be put back in, and any amount paid into the account will count towards the person’s annual ISA allowance limit even if they later withdraw it. Savers will also be charged 60 days' interest on the amount taken out during the fixed term. Only one account can be opened per UK resident and they must be aged over 16. Savers with Virgin Money can also have access to special deals across the wider Virgin Group that can help people save on things like everyday essentials, as well as bigger things like days out and holidays. 