Some of Manchester United women's players have reportedly been left 'disturbed' by clips of Mason Greenwood as the club continue to conduct a formal process before deciding his future. The England international forward remains suspended indefinitely by the Red Devils and has not featured since January 2022, when Ralf Rangnick's side beat West Ham 1-0 in the Premier League at Old Trafford. Greenwood is now waiting for United to decide his future after the Crown Prosecution Service dropped charges of attempted rape and assault on February 2. Yet despite the decision, United are still mindful of the potential scrutiny they could be faced with should Greenwood be handed the green light to return to action. It has been widely reported that members of United's first-team are understood to be unsure of his potential return having previously unfollowed the player on social media platforms. Furthermore, The Times are now reporting that members of United's women's team would object to the prospect of Greenwood returning to the club after some of them were left 'disturbed' by clips that emerged online. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Greenwood has strongly denied any wrongdoing since his initial arrest. The 21-year-old said in a statement published last Thursday: "I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time." Erik ten Hag is believed to have spoken with Greenwood since the Crown Prosecution Service confirmed they had dropped all charges against his name. The Dutchman reportedly made it clear that any decision on his return would be made by club officials. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title raceMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light United said in a club statement: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. "The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Ten Hag made it clear he was unable to comment on Greenwood's situation as his side prepared to face Crystal Palace in the Premier League earlier this month. He said: "In this moment, I can't give comment about the process. I can't say anything about it. I refer to the statement of the club and at this moment I can't add anything." Greenwood first broke into the United first-team picture in the 2018/19 season before enjoying a breakthrough campaign in 2019/20. Former Old Trafford boss Jose Mourinho wanted Greenwood to train with the senior squad at the age of 15 but his progression and development was carefully managed by United. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was the manager that provided Greenwood with a platform to play regularly as he scored 10 goals in the Premier League in his first full season at senior level. He would later make his England debut in September 2020 when he came off the bench in a 1-0 win against Iceland.