Premier Inn searched for British doubles for some of the world’s most incredible attractions. Britons could skip the flight altogether by swapping out a foreign holiday with a visit to one of these outstanding British attractions. READ MORE: Best method to pack a suitcase according to a flight attendant On a London staycation, tourists could visit Wat Buddhapadipa, a Thai Buddhist temple in Wimbledon. A trip to London’s Little Venice might scratch an Amsterdam sized travel itch and tourists could even head out on a boat trip on the scenic water. Venice’s Rialto Bridge might be one of the Italian city's top attractions, but British tourists could see a similar sight in Cambridge. The Bridge of Sighs is one of Cambridge’s architectural highlights and was built almost 200 years ago. READ MORE: UK’s top staycation destination has ‘rich history’ As lavender season approaches, a visit to France’s lavender fields in Provence might sound tempting. However, Britons can replicate the experience with a trip to Mayfield Lavender in Kent, a family-run lavender farm. Prince Albert Cairn might only have been built in 1862 but tourists looking to see Egypt’s pyramids might find the spot a cheaper Scottish alternative. Although Britons might have to swap the croissant for chips, Blackpool Tower might be a bargain alternative for the Eiffel Tower. It might not have the vampiric legend, but Castell Coch, a Gothic Revival Castle in Cardiff has a lot of similarities to Bran Castle in Romania. Meanwhile, Portsmouth’s Spinnaker Tower looks just like Dubai’s famous Burj al Arab landmark. Premier Inn’s managing director, Simon Ewins, said: “You really don’t need to leave the UK to see some of the best views in the world, and with our list of destinations doubles, visitors can enjoy popular UK landmarks that share an amazing likeness to famous places overseas. “Our list aims to inspire people to try something or somewhere different and with Premier Inn hotels close to all of these amazing spots, travellers can rest easy and enjoy a well-earned break whilst taking in some amazing sights -that will have you thinking you’re seeing double!"