The new hit American post-apocalyptic drama show, which tells the story of a post-fungal-pandemic world, has captured the imagination of HBO viewers and others around the world. Nick Offerman who plays Bill made his debut in the heartbreaking third episode of The Last of Us, although he's now admitted he almost turned down the role in the popular show, until his “goddess” wife pushed him to take it. Offerman made his debut in the third episode of Last of Us, where he can be seen showcasing the role of a doomsday prepper. In the episode, which some have dubbed one of the greatest TV episodes ever, fans followed Bill’s unlikely love affair with a stranger called Frank (played by Murry Bartlett). The two men meet when Frank stumbles onto Bill’s compound, three years after the deadly fungal virus takes over the world. The episode then follows their heartwarming relationship over several years and later revealed how it tied into the main characters, Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie's (Bella Ramsey) storyline. READ MORE: NCIS' Michael Weatherly sparks fan debate as he unveils new look After watching the couple's relationship thrive over the years, viewers learn about Frank’s terminal illness that restricts his movement, leaving him wheelchair-bound. Frank's poor condition results in him taking his own life, with Bill later deciding to die after realising he can't go on without his true love. Fans are still praising both Offerman and Bartlett for the portrayal of their tear-worthy version of Bill and Frank's love story, On Wednesday night, Offerman appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live, where he credited his wife Megan Mullally for encouraging him to take the role.    When asked if he expected fans to react to the episode as they did, the actor told Kimmel “kind of” before admitting he almost turned the part down. The star recalled: “I mean, when I got the script, Craig Mazin wrote the script who did Chernobyl among other things. That guy seems to know what he's doing. He sent me the script. “And I didn't have time on the calendar to say yes to this job. And my incredible goddess of a wife read it and she said, 'You're going to Calgary, buddy. You've got to do this.'" Host Kimmel asked: “So Megan Mullally, your wife, is responsible?” to which Offerman confessed: “She's the curator. She chose every garment that I'm wearing tonight.” DON'T MISS:BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-upSusanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interviewBBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah Kimmel went on to share a number of videos that had been shared online by fans, where they are seen to be overcome with emotions after watching the episode, Through tears, a clip shows a fan of the show saying: “I signed up for one show about zombies," which brought laughs from the crowd. Another clip taken from TikTok showed a fan in tears saying: “What the f**k." Offerman joked: “It's like the opposite of Midwesterns where you repress your emotions. Don't show them to anyone. These people must be on the coasts.”  When asked about the praise he's been receiving from the episode, Offerman said: “It's a tsunami of wonderful, generous plaudits.” The star added: “'I mean, we -- the episode began airing on Sunday. We had 6.4 million viewers. And HBO -- it's not TV.” Bill and Frank's gutwrenching storylines may now appear to be over but The Last of Us is no stranger to a flashback so fans will be hoping to see the duo back in the series soon. The Last of Us continues Sundays on HBO in the US and is available in the UK on Sky Atlantic and NOW TV on Mondays.