All households across the country are entitled to a £400 discount on their gas and electricity costs thanks to a Government scheme. This energy bill support is split into different instalments which are being handed out between October 2022 and March 2023. Despite the support usually being awarded automatically, those on a traditional prepayment meter are at risk of having missed out on £66 grants by accident. The Energy Bills Support Scheme (EBSS) is a £400 sum to help with energy bills over winter 2022 to early spring 2023. It does not need to be paid back and all households with a domestic electricity connection in England, Scotland and Wales are eligible. People can still get this energy bill discount if they switch suppliers, change payment methods or if their energy provider goes bust. While the majority of households get this grant awarded automatically, those with a traditional prepayment meter can be given it via redeemable vouchers. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come On the gov.uk website, the Government outlines how the grant is sent out through redeemable vouchers either by text, email or post. Alternatively, households with a traditional prepayment credit can get automatic credit when they top up at their usual top up spot. If families are given vouchers to claim the discount, they have the responsibility of redeeming them to include them in their energy bill. Despite this, experts are highlighting that households are already missing out on the full £400 due to redeeming these vouchers. According to figures seen by the BBC, 380,000 vouchers for the energy bill discount were not redeemed in October or December of last year. Some Britons have already missed out on £66 a month in energy bill support due to missing the voucher deadline. Families get £66 in October and November through the scheme, with £67 handed out every month in December, January, February and March. As vouchers expire after 90 days, the payments from October and November are already null and void. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Richard Neudegg, the director of regulation at Uswitch.com, broke down the vital support prepayment meter customers are missing out on and urged people to “act promptly”. He explained: “Customers on older traditional prepayment meters have to rely on energy support vouchers to get hold of the £66 a month Energy Bill Support that every household in the country is entitled to over this winter. “The vouchers have to be used within a few months, and those issued for November have now expired, meaning some households in need have missed out on this payment. “Every effort needs to be made by energy suppliers to make sure prepayment meter customers are aware of these vouchers, and that they need to act promptly to redeem them.” The consumer expert noted that people should check the dates for when their vouchers expire so as not to lose money. Mr Neudegg added: “If you are on a prepayment meter and have received energy support vouchers, check what month they are for and when they expire. December’s vouchers expire on March 8, so make sure you redeem them before then. “Those with a smart meter or who pay by direct debit will receive the payment automatically to their account, so they don’t need to worry.” According to the Government’s website, households can ask for their vouchers to be reissued if it does expire but all vouchers must be redeemed by June 30, 2023.