Popular holiday company, Jet2, has issued a warning over industrial action. The strikes could impact British holidaymakers travelling to Spain for winter sun. Jet2 warned that flights travelling to Alicante, Fuerteventura and Lanzarote could be delayed on February 6. A spokesperson said: “We wanted to let you know that industrial strike action is taking place on Monday, February 6, supported by the air traffic service in Spain. “This means that if you’re affected, rest assured we’ll try to keep any disruption to a minimum. “Please arrive at the airport at least two hours before your departure time. Check-in closes 40 minutes before a flight’s scheduled departure time. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ “For up-to-date information, please check this web page again, as well as the departure screens and listen out for any announcements. We’ll have you on your way as soon as we can.” Air traffic controllers went on strike for the first time this year on January 30 and are scheduled to strike every Monday in February. Around 160 workers are expected to strike after the union and employers failed to reach a deal. The workers have asked for a 5.5 percent increase in their salary and the company’s new proposal “fell far short” according to the union. Flights to several airports could be impacted by the industrial action although under Spanish law, a minimum service is required to run. This means that a certain number of domestic flights will have to run despite the industrial action. International flights are likely to continue to run despite the strikes but passengers could face delays and disruption. The strike on January 30, did not impact travellers using airports in the Canary Islands, according to local media. READ MORE: Holiday boost as children could be allowed to use e-gates The CCOO union said that the minimum service commitment had undermined their right to strike. Although the strike didn’t impact British travellers on January 30, tourists are still advised to check the status of their flight on Monday. British tourists could be impacted by more Border Force strikes during February if the two sides fail to reach a deal. Some Border Force staff walked out on February 1 over pay and working conditions, following initial industrial action in December.