The ever stylish Queen Camilla was radiant this morning as she stepped out at Buckingham Palace and she posed for pictures with guests from the Queen's Own Rifles of Canada. Today's look was a mid-length emerald green coat dress that Camilla has been seen wearing before. It was decorated with some black embroidery across the bodice and cuffs. It cinched in slightly at the middle accentuating the royal's slim waist. The skirt fell into deep pleats, giving the dress some dimension and movement. READ MORE: 'Red hot' Kate wows in two-piece look that Meghan tried first The jacket had a somewhat military feel, with some small black epaulettes on the shoulders. In keeping with royal protocol, Camilla donned a pair of sheer black tights. Royals are rarely spotted without some sort of pantyhose. Camilla also wore a simple yet chic pair of black heels in suede.  Interestingly, Camilla chose a maple leaf brooch which may have had some symbolism. The maple leaf is the most widely recognised national symbol of Canada. The Queen Consort has a vast collection of brooches so it would not be surprising if she had deliberately selected a design so affiliated with Canada. It appeared to be a diamond brooch with an orange-brown stone in the centre. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' She also wore a pair of diamond and pearl earrings which expertly complemented the brooch. Famously, in conversation with Vogue Camilla revealed that she does not - and will not ever - have her ears pierced. This means that today's earrings must be a clip-on creation. She appeared to be wearing barely-there nail polish - or none at all. Royals typically go for nude or pastel pink shades as opposed to loud, garish colours. As for the finishing touches of the look, Camilla went for her signature hair and makeup styles. Her buttery blonde shoulder-length locks were wore down and flicked out to the sides. As for makeup, Camilla was glowing with some dewy foundation, a sweep of blush and a little bronzer and highlighter. She also opted for a peachy pink lipstick and dark eye makeup.