The cap set by the Energy Price Guarantee is increasing in April, with average energy bills for a typical household from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year, an increase of £500. The policy will be in place for two years from April, protecting consumers from the market price of energy, which is itself capped by Ofgem. Nigel Best, director of electrical training provider Electrician Courses 4U, spoke about the upcoming energy bills hike and provided some tips for how Britons can slash their energy bills. He said: “Although this is a significant rise in energy costs, switching to a fixed-rate energy deal is still not worth it for most people. “A fixed-rate tariff locks in a rate for a set period of time, however they are generally more expensive and in most cases you end up paying more than the default tariff. “The market’s cheapest fixed-tariff right now is on average 56 percent more than the current price cap and at this rate switching to a fixed tariff is unlikely to be worth it. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ 'spot on' alert sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 “Whether you are currently on a fixed or variable tariff, there are a few straightforward changes you can make in order to save money on your energy bills.” Mr Best gave four practical tips Britons can use to reduce their energy bills over the coming months. Temperatures will remain low for the past couple of months as spring gradually arrives. Mr Best said costs can soon add up by turning the heating on even just occasionally. He said: “While using your central heating a few times a week may sound inexpensive, as energy prices increase the costs will soon mount up. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] “In order to avoid raking up a substantial energy bill, invest in an electric blanket in order to keep warm. “Not only are blankets and throws a great way to keep cosy, they are also a lot more efficient than alternatives such as electric heaters.” Energy supplier Octopus is giving away free electric blankets to customers. The firm said it is seeking to prioritise those in greatest need in giving out the blankets. Research from the group found a typical home could save £300 by using an electric blanket to keep warm rather than heating a whole house. READ MORE: Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - are you eligible for the boost?  Mr Best encouraged Britons to make sure the blanket they purchase has the UK safety standard mark, or kitemark. Many modern appliances have eco-settings which can help reduce a household’s energy bills. An eco-setting on a washing machine or dishwasher will use lower wash and rinse temperatures to minimise the energy used for a wash. Mr Best said: “One better than this is limiting your use of appliances completely. For example, do you really need to use the tumble dryer? Although it’s quicker and easier to dry your clothes, if you can make do with hanging your washing on a line instead you will reduce your energy usage. “Similarly, consider washing the dishes instead of using a dishwasher. Just remember to fill up a bowl of water first to ensure you don’t need to leave the tap running which would waste unnecessary water.” It’s important to switch off devices at the plug as they will needlessly use energy if left on standby. Mr Best urged people to make sure they turn the lights off when they leave a room as this can soon add to a household’s energy bills. The energy expert said this measure can save a household a “small fortune” in reduced energy bills. He explained: “It’s one of the cheapest and most effective ways to save energy and money in any type of building. “Subtle tweaks such as keeping your curtains closed in the evenings can help to keep the warmth in while more substantial alterations such as eliminating draughts from windows, doors and fireplaces also reduces heat loss. “Depending on your experience level it may be worth hiring a professional to block up unwanted gaps especially if they’re in tricky places such as loft hatches or chimneys.”