The award-winning comedy-drama, The White Lotus returned for its second season on HBO and Sky Atlantic last October. The new series featured only a handful of familiar faces alongside a few new characters and locations. Fans have since theorised that star Connie Britton could return in the third series with another all-new cast, but she kept her cards close to her chest. While appearing on The Late Show this week with Stephen Colbert, Britton addressed a fan theory that suggests her role is related to Laura Dern's Abby. Colbert began by praising the actress for her part in The White Lotus, as he said: “Everyone loves you on The White Lotus. "Any chance we will see you in season three? Have you talked about it? To Michael White?” The actress hilariously tried to avoid answering the question by making Colbert repeat himself. READ MORE: Nick Offerman shares real reason he took Last of Us role The comedian went on to explain: “I’ll tell you why I asked. There’s a fan theory because in season two Laura Dern’s voice appears.” The actress played the part of Nicole Mossbacher in the first season of the hit HBO series. But in the second series, Dern provided the telephone voice of Abby, Dom's (Michael Imperioli) estranged wife, in season two. The fan theory suggests that the two characters, Abby and Nicole could be sisters, meaning they could possibly appear together in season three.    It appeared to be the first time that Britton had heard of this news, as she acted confused, replying: “Hmmm?” The actress then attempted to completely change the subject by saying: “Did you know our birthdays are like a week apart?” To which Colbert replied: “So is that a yes? That is code for yes,” referring to the actress hinting she could be returning to The White Lotus. The pair then carried on with the show, with host Colbert showing the actress some throwback pictures from when they once acted together a few years ago. DON'T MISS:FBI boss shares disappointing update on Amira's fate NCIS' Torres rocked by brutal murder of a child in harrowing promo Shania Twain branded ‘unrecognisable’ as she debuts new blonde look The dark comedy-drama was renewed for a third series last year ahead of the second season's finale in December. The drama premiered in the summer of 2021 and was set in Hawaii, with the second season set in Sicily. It follows the guests and employees of the fictional White Lotus resort chain, whose stay is affected by their various psychosocial dysfunctions. Thanks to critical acclaim and high ratings, the show's success led to HBO renewing it as an anthology series; where a third season has also been hinted by creator Michael White.    At the time of the show's second season release, White said: "There's no place I'd rather work than HBO and there are no people I'd rather partner with than Casey Bloys, Francesca Orsi, Nora Skinner, and their incredible team." He continued: "I feel so lucky to get this opportunity again and am excited to reunite with my amazingly talented collaborators on The White Lotus." The creator has mentioned the third season would be set in Asia and invoke a "satirical and funny look at death and Eastern religion and spirituality". The first two seasons were based on similar themes, with the first season focused on money and the second season on sex. The White Lotus season 2 is available to stream on HBO in the USA and Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.   