Rory McIlroy will be shown mocking LIV Golf rebels Patrick Reed and Phil Mickleson when he plays a starring role in the upcoming Netflix series Full Swing. The eight episode documentary series will air on February 15, and is set to provide an explosive insight into the sport's civil war, that ignited in 2022 due to the emergence of the Saudi-backed tour. McIlroy has been one of the most vociferous critics of Greg Norman's venture, with him and Tiger Woods forming the TGL, a virtual concept designed to stave off the threat of LIV's extortionate finances. And tensions between him and defector Reed came to a head in Dubai last month, with the American throwing a tee at him in practice before the Northern Irishman had the last laugh by beating his rival by a stroke to win the Desert Classic. A report in the Mirror has given an insight into the final episode of the series, named Everything Has Led To This. It outlines the heartbreak of McIlroy missing out on winning The Open, as well as his strong finish to the season to regain his spot as world No 1. But most intriguingly, he discusses LIV rebel Reed on camera after learning he had played on the Asian Tour after being suspended by the PGA. “And dropped spots on the world rankings,” McIlroy said, while laughing. “Beautiful!” And six-time major winner Mickleson, who himself has taken regular digs at McIlroy over his loyalty to the status quo, wasn't spared either. JUST IN: Gareth Bale twice turned down signing Liverpool hat for golf fan at Pebble Beach Pro-Am Later on, while in the physio room, McIlroy was talking about how Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen was a big fan of the PGA Tour. But he then added: “Yeah but he’s a PM fan so I don’t know,” before a friend says “Sounds like the guy is losing credibility!” Amid more laughter, McIlroy chips in with: “F*** you Phil! I hope that makes it in!” McIlroy's role in the series represents a u-turn, with the four-time major winner initially hesitant on taking part over concerns it would disrupt his playing season. Knowing the impact of featuring a man so central to the sport's ongoing row, producers eventually persuaded with the promise he would be given a 'platform' to express his strong views. DON'T MISS:Phil Mickelson gets personal with Tiger Woods and co in latest PGA digGareth Bale admits issue with Pebble Beach and compares iconic course to BernabeuGareth Bale playing partner 'made him putt' after hitting insane chip shot from cart path The battle between the two tours has gone to the courts, with a number of LIV players taking legal action over their PGA Tour ban. McIlroy himself has revealed he received a subpoena on Christmas Eve, relating to one of multiple cases being brought by Reed. On the series, the blossoming friendship between the star and Woods is apparent though. Dressing-room footage shows the 33-year-old reading congratulatory messages from the icon, saying: “He is always the first Tiger. Always. He will text you, like, before the last putt drops. Always the first. Unreal."