An eight-year-old boy has died and two others remain in life-threatening condition after a motorcycle collided with pedestrians. Metropolitan police confirmed the boy died at the scene while a man in his 40s and a ten-year-old boy were taken to hospital with serious injuries following the collision on a pedestrian crossing at 7.30pm on Sunday in Plumstead Road, Woolwich. The driver of the motorbike was also taken to hospital but his condition has been assessed as not life-threatening. The force confirmed that no arrests have been made. Police are now appealing for witnesses following the incident. In a statement, the force said: "Despite the best efforts of the emergency services one of the pedestrians, an eight-year-old boy, sadly died at the scene. His family have been informed and is being supported by specialist officers. A man in his 40s and a ten-year-old boy, who were crossing the road together with the younger boy, were taken to hospital suffering serious injuries. Both remain in a life-threatening condition. "The rider of the motorbike was also taken to hospital. He is a 20-year-old man and his condition has been assessed as not life-threatening."     The Met said the boy's family have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers. Two people involved remain in a life-threatening condition in hospital where police say they suffered serious injuries. Video shared on social media showed several emergency vehicles at the scene of the incident. Another person reported seeing the air ambulance overhead. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley river search expert breaks silence after body found  The force added that road closures remain in place on Monday. They said: "Road closures remain in place and enquiries into the circumstances continue. "There has been no arrest. "Any witnesses or anyone with information that may assist police is asked to call the Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 020 8285 1574. Alternatively, you can contact police by calling 101 or tweeting @MetCC and quoting CAD 6036/19Feb." 