Jack Grealish and Martin Odegaard disagreed over who they thought was the better team between Manchester City and Arsenal on Wednesday night. City's 3-1 win at the Emirates means that Pep Guardiola’s side are now top of the Premier League table on goal difference. In a heated contest in north London, Kevin De Bruyne managed to silence the home crowd in the 24th minute when he latched onto a poorly-weighted back pass from Takehiro Tomiyasu and lifted his strike over the onrushing Aaron Ramsdale. Bukayo Saka then equalised from the penalty spot with just three minutes of the first half remaining after Ederson was adjudged to have fouled Eddie Nketiah. Grealish restored the away side’s lead when he fired home following a fierce counter-attack from City, capitalising on an error from Gabriel as he attempted to play out from the back. Erling Haaland then put the game to bed in the 82nd minute after he fired a neat finish into the far corner. Speaking after the game, Grealish claimed that Arsenal were the better team on the night, saying to Amazon Prime: “I thought ‘yeah, we have to win today really’, that’s what I was thinking. Luckily we did, if I’m being honest I don’t think we actually played that well, I thought Arsenal played a lot better than us. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m “I thought they were the better team, I don’t know what you guys think. I thought they had a few chances, I don’t know if it was a penalty I’ve not really seen it back yet, but listen, if win titles you’ve got to come to grounds like this, even when you’re not at your best, and win games.” Arsenal captain Odegaard disagreed however. He commented on how his side lacked a cutting edge after the match, stressing that he thought City were the better team due to how well they attacked despite Grealish’s comments. The 24-year-old said: “The game is decided in the boxes and we were not sharp enough, in front of the goal and in our own as well. They were better. DON'T MISSGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to lightMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache “Apart from that, we played a good game, did many good things and had many good periods, but we have to be better in the boxes. It is football. Sometimes chances go in, sometimes not. But that is where we need to improve and be more clinical and defend our box. “That is not just about one player, but the whole team.” The two teams will face off again on April 26, when even more could be on the line. Pep Guardiola adjusted his tactics for the match to ensure that more emphasis was put on attacking at pace when Arsenal gave the ball away, knowing that the Gunners are a possession-based team. Thus, the chances that City created with their 36 per cent possession were minimal, relying on their clinical nature to get the job done in north London.