Shoppers are rushing to buy a 'game changer' eyelash serum that they swear makes their lashes 'longer and thicker' - and some shoppers are swearing it’s a must have after wearing false lashes. Grande Cosmetics' GrandeLASH-MD Lash Enhancing Serum 2ml has been called a 'one-swipe wonder', with it using a blend vitamins, peptides, and amino acids to enhancing the look of lashes within just six weeks. The serum has been ophthalmologist tested and is suitable for both those who wear lash extensions, and contact wearers, but with such promising results most shoppers don't find themselves needing lash extensions after using the serum consistently. One shopper wrote: "I have been using this now for almost 3 months. I don’t use it every single day but even with doing so I have noticed a significant difference in my lashes. "I’ve always had long lashes but they’re very straight and flat so I get lash lifts every few weeks to keep them nice and curly but I noticed my naturally thick lashes started to become thinner due to the procedure. "The serum has definitely brought back the thickness and my lashes look even longer than they did before, I get compliments on them all the time.” A second penned: “After around 3 months of continuous daily use a noticeable growth in eyelashes! Family members and those around me pointing out how eyelashes have grown! Worth the money." A third said: "I am more than pleased with this product. Very effective with visible results in only one month. I wore fake cluster lashes for a short period but lost nearly half of my own lashes due to the lash removal process. I started using this serum in June 2022 and my lashes are BACK…I love this stuff." Another added:"My eyelashes became worse during the pregnancy and I was desperate to try anything. After a month of using it, thought nah, this doesn’t do anything but after another couple of weeks went buy I actually noticed a difference!! My eyelashes are longer than ever!!! I can’t believe it but it’s true. Definitely recommend it if in doubt." You can buy Grande Cosmetics GrandeLASH-MD Lash Enhancing Serum here for £62 from Sephora.