Warning: This article contains Happy Valley season three spoilers. Happy Valley fans were left in shock when troubled pharmacist Faisal Bhatti (played by Amit Shah) murdered Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) earlier on in series three. Her abusive husband Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley) found her lifeless body in a suitcase and he's concerned the murder will be pinned on him. They share two little girls, Poppy (Bonnie Stott) and Florence (Bethany Stott) and fans have been wondering why Poppy is always wearing a coat inside the house.  Joanna actress Mollie has finally set the record straight about why Poppy is never seen without her coat on in the BBC crime drama. Happy Valley viewers were introduced to Joanna at the start of series three when they discovered how physically abusive Rob was to her. They also discovered she was addicted to sedatives which she sourced from corrupt pharmacist Faisal. Rob appeared to only hurt Joanna behind closed doors away from their two girls, so it was unclear whether they knew how volatile their parents' relationship was. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Viewers of the Sally Wainwright drama have been questioning why Poppy is also wearing her coat, despite Rob telling her to take it off multiple times. Mollie confirmed to Metro.co.uk: "It’s actually a trauma thing, so it’s a [protective] layer. "[The coat] is definitely to protect [herself] because of what she’s living in, the environment that she’s living in." "She doesn’t want to take her coat off," the 25-year-old actress added.  Some fans' theories were correct all along, with many believing Poppy was wearing the coat as protection. @Atvfriend shared: "Poppy's still got her coat on. I'm hoping he's not abusing her and she's protecting herself - I don't trust him one bit." Alex tweeted: "I reckon Poppy and the coat is going to be that Joanna once told her that they’d go off somewhere and live happily ever after without Rob but that she’d have to be ready to go when they decided to run and Poppy took it to heart #HappyValley." @Theapplefour said:" My theory about Poppy’s coat is that she thinks it would protect her should her dad attack her as he does to her mum. #poppysjacket." DON'T MISS...Couple moves to Happy Valley and reckon it's 'better than it is on TV' [UPDATE]Happy Valley star resisted auditioning for 'terrifying' role [LATEST]Happy Valley's Ryan Cawood isn't a psychopath thanks to one key detail [THEORY] However, Jan Robertson noticed one scene where Poppy had a top on and not her puffer jacket. She added: "Poppy had her coat off in last night's episode of #HappyValley. I wonder if that's because her dad wasn't home? #MollieWinnard." Happy Valley's final-ever episode airs on Sunday evening, but actors have kept tight-lipped on what is in store. As it stands, evil Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) is still at large and trying to convince his teenage son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) to flee to Spain with him.  Leading lady Sergeant Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) is desperate to see murdering rapist Tommy behind bars so she and her grandson Ryan are safe. She is days away from hanging up her police uniform, so will Tommy be the final arrest of her career in the force? A dramatic teaser trailer for the series finale showed Catherine doubled over crying in her police uniform - could Ryan have been killed? Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 