Chelsea new boy Mykhaylo Mudryk is ‘world class’ and completely fits Graham Potter’s team, former Blues star Pat Nevin believes. The ex-defender’s view on the Ukrainian has been completely reformed since the west Londoners completed the £88million signing. Mudryk was part of a remarkable £300m January spending spree. Chelsea signed eight players in the winter window, with Mudryk joined by the likes of Enzo Fernandez, Joao Felix, Benoit Badiashile and Noni Madueke. The 22-year-old impressed in a second-half cameo in the goalless draw with Liverpool last month. He was then dragged off at half-time during last week’s draw with Fulham, but Nevin has seen enough to believe the starlet is ‘world class’. “It's been a long time since I've been this excited and 'wowed' by Chelsea signings like these. Before Mykhailo Mudryk joined I thought 'really?', I could not see the reason for the signing,” Nevin told Football Betting Online. JUST IN: Liverpool urged to strike deal with N'Golo Kante due to Klopp 'energy' “I can see that Chelsea needed more bodies in, but not him. Now I've sat back and realised it makes total sense, he's a great player and world-class at his age already.” Nevin has also pointed out the ‘crazy’ young core available to Potter. Chelsea have spent £550m since the start of the season on a team to compete for the long-term. The former defender has praised his former club for snapping up the world’s best young talent. Nevin says that even if many of the signings fail to work out, then Chelsea will still have a solid core of top-quality players, who are all still young. “Look how crazy this is: Gabriel Solina 18, Trevoh Chalobah 23, Wesley Fofana 22, Benoit Badiashile 21, Reece James 23, Enzo Fernandes 22, 'old man’ Mason Mount 24 , Lewis Hall 18, Joao Felix 22, Mykhailo Mudryk 22 and Kai Havertz 23,” he added. DON'T MISS...Chelsea face contract problem with Kovacic after Mount left 'unhappy'Christian Atsu plunged from ninth floor after late-night poker gameChelsea slammed for 'crazy' decision over Marc Cucurella transfer “I've not even mentioned Carney Chukwuemeka, David Fofana, Conor Gallagher, Noni Madueke... that team is wild and it is mental what they could go on and do. “Chelsea still have Christopher Nkunku to come too, they're hoovering up all the best talent in the world. They might have overpaid for some players, but if only 60 per-cent of the players work out, you still have an amazing base for a team.” Chelsea will hope that their vast spending will finally translate into some improvements on the pitch. The Blues sit in ninth in the Premier League having endured some poor form under Potter.