Former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson wanted a new adventure when he bought his farm in 2008, which until 2019, had been taken care of by a local villager. Clarkson decided to step in himself which in turn, saw the start of Clarkson's Farm on Amazon Prime Video. In the second series, the 62-year-old will be seen delving into yet another industry he has little knowledge of. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Clarkson's Farm. Jeremy Clarkson opened his cafe and restaurant at Diddly Squat Farm in Chadlington, Oxfordshire, in July 2022. The idea first came about when he wanted to try "mob grazing" which is an ecological way of rejuvenating soil using manure from cows rather than chemical fertilisers. But to make the most of the cows, he decided to make a profit by cooking and serving beef at the farm's own restaurant. The initial planning applications were rejected, but Clarkson claimed he had found a "loophole" which meant it could still open its doors. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie However, West Oxfordshire District Council (WODC) issued an enforcement notice on August 12, 2022, which ordered the restaurant to close. Clarkson appealed the notice but has since written to the council stating that he "no longer wished" to open the business. It is thought that the restaurant had caused issues for the local community with traffic at an all-time high as fans of the Amazon Prime Video series were desperate to go there. According to The Mirror, members of the community are over the moon that the establishment has now shut. One neighbour reportedly commented: “It is a win for the community. "I would like the whole thing shut down. We are just a small village and Diddly Squat Farm is in the wrong place. “We don’t need a theme park in an area of natural beauty. The new year was ridiculous. You’d spend about 20 minutes trying to get into town.” The presenter did address this matter in his letter to the council, asking for approval for a car parking provision to help with the situation. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [EXPLAINER]Jeremy Clarkson 'attacked' by cow after being in 'wrong place' [REACTION]Jeremy Clarkson slams lack of EU subsidy after Brexit in ‘c*** job’ [OPINION] Clarkson does have other businesses built around the farm, other than the restaurant. There is also a shop and a mobile food van on site, which have attracted many tourists to the area. In the letter to the council, he wrote: "We do not wish to expand the on-site businesses any further. We are perfectly happy with what we have. "A little shop, and the lambing barn, which can be used for lambing in the spring and as a place for people to sit in the summer while they have food and a glass of our own beer from the mobile van." Despite Clarkson's Farm's immense popularity, it will be coming to an end after a third season. Prime Video is cutting ties with the Who Wants to Be A Millionaire host after his controversial The Sun column about Meghan Markle. The Grand Tour will also be axed after season five. Clarkson's Farm season 2 premieres on Friday, February 10, on Amazon Prime Video.