Pension Credit tops up a person’s income to £182.60 a week for single claimants and up to £278.70 a week for couples. The much-underclaimed benefit also provides extra payments depending on a person’s situation and is a ‘gateway’ benefit providing access to other Government support. But for a person to claim the support, both they and their partner must have reached state pension age, which is currently 66 for both men and women. The DWP confirmed in December it had “no plans” to change this policy but Labour MP Matt Rodda challenged the issue during a debate in Parliament. He said: “When one member of a couple is on Universal Credit and the other receives the state pension, the pensioner is not allowed to claim Pension Credit, which may have a significant impact on the couple’s income. “Will the Minister explain that to me, and write to me about it? Will he also consider changing that harsh and unnecessary policy?” READ MORE: Thousands to get £50 payment towards heating bills over coming weeks  Minister for Employment, Guy Opperman, responded to the question during his closing statement. He said there had been great progress in getting more eligible people to apply for Pension Credit and said “we want people to continue applying”. This year’s letter notifying state pensioners that their payments will increase by 10.1 percent includes information encouraging people to apply for Pension Credit. Figures from the DWP suggest some £1.7billion is left unclaimed with around 850,000 pensioners missing out on the support.  Pension Credit payments are also increasing by 10.1 percent in April with the single claimants to get a top up to £201.05 while couples will get a top up to £306.85. Those on the benefit may also qualify for Cold Weather Payments, discounts on council tax and a free TV licence for claimants aged 75 and over. Claimants will also get the £900 cost of living payment which is being paid in three instalments over the coming financial year. They will also get an additional £300 pensioner cost of living payment to help towards the rising cost of living. READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw A person can find out how much Pension Credit they can claim using a tool on the Government website. To use the calculator, a person will need details of their earnings, benefits and pensions, as well as their savings and investments. An individual who has a partner will also need the same details about them to use the tool and calculate their entitlement. An applicant can put in a claim up to four months before they reach state pension age. A claim can be backdated for three months. When applying, a person will need to provide their National Insurance number, details about their income, savings and investments, and their bank account details. A person will need to be claiming their state pension to access Pension Credit, so those who have deferred taking their state pension will not be able to apply. With the 10.1 percent increase in April, the full basic state pension will increase from £141.85 a week to £156.20. Those on the full new state pension will see their payments increase from £185.15 a week to £203.85.