The Duke of Sussex’s "scathing attacks" in his book Spare have damaged his relationship with his brother to the point it has created "seismic fractures", a royal author claims. Royal author Christopher Andersen claims those seismic-level fractures have invaded all of Meghan and Harry’s relationships. As a result, he warned Prince William and Kate could give them the cold shoulder. He told Fox News Digital: "The fracture has been seismic, particularly in light of Harry's scathing attacks on his brother in Spare." The seriousness of Harry's allegations had Mr Andersen wondering: "Harry and Meghan can't possibly imagine that William and Kate will greet him with open arms, or at this point even pretend to regard the Sussexes with anything other than chilly disdain." Harry pulled no punches in his bombshell memoir, taking aim at his brother William, his father King Charles and his stepmother Queen Camilla. Prince Harry described what he claims was a violent attack by his brother, William, at his London home in 2019 when William called Meghan "difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". Harry called such claims a "parrot[ing of] the press narrative" about his American wife. The confrontation escalated, Harry writes, until William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". In another attack on his brother, the Duke of Sussex explained how his brother told him: "You don’t know me Harold" while going to Eton College. Harry says his brother explained to him "that during his first two years there, Eton had been a sanctuary". "That was without the burden of a little brother who would bother him with questions or stick his nose in his social circle," Harry says. READ MORE: 'Incandescent' William to reject Harry's Coronation ultimatum  As tensions rose between the two brothers, King Charles "begged William and Harry not to fight", Harry wrote. The Duke also revealed how he and William "begged" their father - then-Prince Charles - not to marry Queen Camilla fearing she was his "wicked stepmother". In an extraordinary passage of his explosive memoir, Harry wrote: "Shortly after our private meetings with her, she began to develop her long-term strategy, a campaign directed at marriage and with time, the Crown (with the blessing of our father, we supposed). " DON'T MISS:Harry announces 'intimate' livestream with public to promote Spare [REPORT] Boris Becker issues Prince Harry shock 'marriages dont last' warning [REPORT] Intimate revelations in Spare will 'have a massive effect' on Meghan [REPORT] Harry added: "News stories started appearing in all the newspapers about her conversations with Willy, stories which recounted lots of small details, none of which came from my brother, of course." It remains unclear how the Sussexes will make amends with the Royal Family. Reports say the American-based couple could hold peace talks with the Royal Family. READ NEXT:Fears Harry and Meghan 'will ruin Coronation' as row continuesMeghan's modest three-bedroom house in Toronto before meeting HarryMeghan uses ‘bold gesture’ to show world Harry is hers’ - claimCharles becomes 'figure of healing' in feud with Meghan & Harry–expertHarry and Meghan warned they will struggle to repair their reputation