Patrick Mahomes has been fooled by a reporter who claimed that Rihanna praised him in the build-up to the Super Bowl. It's not often that Mahomes gets flustered, but he was seriously caught off guard by a hilarious moment in his pre-match press conference. Super Bowl LVII is just days away, and preparations have been ongoing as normal in the build-up to the big event. However, something out of the ordinary occurred during Mahomes' press conference on Wednesday as he was led to believe that Rihanna called him the 'greatest quarterback ever'. Rihanna is performing at the Super Bowl half-time show on Sunday, and Mahomes thought that the singer had been singing his praises. But the reporter who fed Mahomes the false information was just fooling around, and it stunned the Kansas City Chiefs star. Mahomes seemed touched by the kind words, but then couldn't hide his frustration as he left the podium. It's another huge week in Mahomes' life as he gears up for another Super Bowl. The Chiefs quarterback already has one Super Bowl ring to his name, but later tasted defeat as he lost to Tom Brady's Tampa Bay Buccaneers the following season. Mahomes is used to being talked about in the most positive of lights, but seemed ecstatic when hearing that Rihanna called him the 'greatest ever' in his position. During the press conference, a reporter asked: "Rihanna came out and said that you are the greatest quarterback ever. Hearing that, how does that make you feel?" The quarterback replied: "Makes you feel great, she's going to crush the half-time, I have family members that are more excited about the half-time show than the game. Whatever Rihanna says is like the gospel, so I'm glad that she went with me for that honour." However, Mahomes soon had the smile wiped off his face as the reporter quickly interjected: "She didn't, she didn't I'm just messing." The excitement drained from his face, and Mahomes became flustered at the podium. "Oh, man. You got me up here smiling and smirking," Mahomes replied. You could tell it was on his mind for the rest of the press conference, as he remained agitated throughout. As Mahomes left the podium, he turned to the reporter once more and said: "I can't believe you got me with that question it's all I was thinking about for the rest of the time!" It's unlikely RIhanna's views would affect Mahomes' performance anyway, but so far there is no word on who she believes is the best.