The Metropolitan Police has been told to root out the misogyny which is rife among its ranks. It comes as David Carrick, who joined the Met in 2001 before becoming an armed officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009, was sentenced to 30 years, 239 days in prison after pleading guilty to 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape. Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb sentenced Carrick, 48, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, at Southwark Crown Court today (February 7). She said Carrick had a spectacular downfall for man charged with upholding the law, abusing his power as a policeman to entice, reassure or intimidate his victims. A number of victims told the court on Monday they had felt safe with Carrick because of his status as a police officer, but he went on tell them complaints about his attacks would not be believed. He sent one of his victims a photograph of himself with a police-issue gun, saying: "Remember I am the boss." Carrick also used his police baton as a threat and handcuffs in an attack over 17 years between 2003 and 2020. Prosecutor Tom Little KC said the "systematic" offending was "catalogue of violent and brutal sexual offences". In a victim impact statement, one said she felt she had "encountered evil" after being repeatedly raped by Carrick who put a black handgun to her head and put his hands around her throat. Carrick's sentencing comes during Sexual Abuse and Sexual Violence Awareness Week which aims to increase public understanding of the issues and the need for support for victims.  Fay Maxted, CEO of The Survivors Trust, told Express.co.uk: "Carrick’s case is a terrible reminder of how much we still need to do to protect victims. "It is very sad to note how Carrick’s case highlights the way perpetrators of sexual violence are able to manipulate and intimidate their victims who are then too afraid to tell anyone, while at the same time displaying superficial charm to others. "But it also demonstrates that often there are signs that colleagues should notice that need to be followed up. Why was it accepted that it was okay to have a serving police officer with a nickname like 'B****** Dave'? "The Met needs to root out the misogyny that seems to be rife in the service that’s shaken victim confidence in reporting. We need to be able to rely on our police to protect and uphold the law and now they need to prove they will do this." Farah Nazeer, Chief Executive of Women’s Aid, said: "This sentence will not diminish the fear and trauma that this dangerous predator inflicted on his victims, who will have to live with the consequences of his brutal and dehumanising actions for the rest of their lives. It will not restore the grave lack of trust that women currently have in the police and criminal justice system to protect them." READ ABOUT A TEXT SENT 'MINUTES' BEFORE NICOLA BULLEY VANISHED Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb told Carrick: "These convictions represent a spectacular downfall for a man charged with upholding the law and empowered to do so even to the extent of being authorised to bear a firearm in the execution of his duty. "Behind a public appearance of propriety and trustworthiness you took monstrous advantage of women. "You brazenly raped and sexually assaulted a number of women, some very brutally, and you behaved as if you were untouchable. You were bold and at times relentless, trusting that no victim would overcome her shame and fear to report you. "For nearly two decades, you were proved right but now a combination of those 12 women, by coming forward, and your police colleagues, by acting on their evidence, have exposed you and brought you low. You have lost your liberty, your job and your status. You have before you the prospect of a difficult time in custody for many years." DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION] Putin amasses ammunition for ‘full-scale offensive at any time' [REVEALED] Salmond warns Sturgeon’s gender 'nonsense' has undermined independence [LATEST] Continuing her sentencing remarks, Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb told Carrick he showed an "astonishing degree of moral corruption". The judge listed a number of key themes in Carrick's offending, including asserting authority and enacting "extreme domination" over his victims. Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb also highlighted the "reluctance of victims to report your offending" because of their knowledge of his "status as a police officer".  The 49 charges admitted by Carrick include 24 counts of rape, nine counts of sexual assault, five counts of assault by penetration, three counts of coercive and controlling behaviour, three counts of false imprisonment, two counts of attempted rape, one count of attempted sexual assault by penetration, one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent and one count of indecent assault. Some are multiple-incident counts, meaning they relate to at least 85 separate offences, including at least 71 sexual offences and 48 rapes. He denied a further count of rape in September 2020 relating to a 13th woman, whose allegation triggered the investigation, with the Crown Prosecution Service deciding it was not in the public interest to proceed to trial. Alisdair Williamson KC, defending, said on Monday that Carrick "accepts fully responsibility for what he has done" and it is likely any life sentence will "bring him close to, if not to, the close of his natural life". The court heard Carrick had attempted to kill himself while on remand at Belmarsh prison and was detained in a secure hospital but was found not to be suffering from any mental disorder. Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb told him: "You were driven to try to commit suicide as a self-pitying reaction to the shame brought on you by these proceedings rather than remorse." Carrick was sacked by the Met following a special misconduct hearing last month. Sir Mark Rowley, the Met Police's Commissioner, told the London Assembly in January he would review the force's culture and professional standards in a bid to crack down on "corrupt officers". "The criminal case against Carrick is not the only case to be answered here. The Metropolitan Police must address their failings and the fact that such horrific crimes were not only tolerated but enabled by an internal culture that disregards women and girls. Carrick used his position as a police officer to frighten his victims into silence."     She added it is not easy to create cultural change, but it must start with a zero-tolerance approach to all acts of violence against women and girls and sexist behaviours. Ms Butler said: "It is crucial police officers who perpetrate violence against women and girls are held accountable for their actions. Those in power must take responsibility for making the changes needed to address male violence." Ms Nazeer said: "The women whose testimonies have put this violent perpetrator behind bars must be commended for their courage and bravery. We hope that their strength will show other women who have been silenced by fear and intimidation that justice is possible." She added: "We need nothing short of complete, system-wide holistic reform of the police and across all sectors of the justice system to ensure women are protected from predatory men." Home Secretary Suella Braverman said: "The crimes of David Carrick are a scar on our police, and it is only right that he now faces at least 30 years behind bars. I pay tribute to the brave women who have come forward to hold him to account for his vile abuse. "It is vital we uncover how he was able to wear the uniform for so long, and I welcome the Angiolini Inquiry’s investigation into David Carrick’s criminal behaviour and the decision-making around his vetting. "There is no place in our police for such heinous and predatory behaviour, and I look forward to receiving Lady Elish’s findings."  Anyone affected by rape or sexual abuse can visit The Survivors Trust website which has contact details for specialist support across the UK. The Survivors Trust also offers a national freephone helpline providing confidential support for anyone affected at any time by sexual violence or abuse. Call 08088 010818. 