Gareth Bale is already making waves after just two holes at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am after hitting an unbelievable shot from the cart path to within just four feet. Bale only announced his retirement from professional football a few weeks ago, but he's already making his PGA Tour debut at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am alongside 155 other celebrities. The former Wales international was grouped with pros Joseph Bramlett and David Lingmerth, along with Yahoo founder Jerry Yang. As one of the lowest handicappers on the celebrity list, Bale was always going to garner plenty of attention. He got off to a strong start after having a birdie opportunity just miss on the very first hole at Spyglass Hill. The very next hole presents a difficult second shot into the green and Bale got caught out, hitting long and right off the green. He ended up playing his shot off the golf cart and left everyone mesmerised at being able to get to within four feet of the hole. "That is pretty tidy there, holy cow!" the PGA Tour commentator said.  "Absolutely love seeing that. You don't always have to go and just hit it straight up in the air - just using the slope, using the ground. It's just pretty incredible." She added: "I'm sorry, you're going to have to take over for a little while. I'm still - not speechless because a two-handicapper hit that shot - I'm speechless at any professional hitting that shot. That was awesome." Bale has also been making an impression on many of the PGA Tour's best players with both Jon Rahm and Matt Fitzpatrick praising the Welshman recently. Rahm said: "I told Gareth, you can't be so good at professional football and golf at the same time, it just doesn't seem fair!  "Can't be dedicated to one thing and have this much talent for golf, it's not fair in the slightest. You can tell he loves this sport, he loves golf and he really wants to get to play a little bit more." Fitzpatrick played some golf with Bale on Wednesday and the reigning US Open champion was impressed by what he saw. "It was really cool," Fitzpatrick said. "First time I've officially met him. So that was obviously good to see him. Really, really enjoyed it. Asking him questions about football and he's asking questions about golf and stuff. We had a really enjoyable front nine and there's not many better places to do it than around here."