Father Brown continues this afternoon (February 17) on BBC One at 1.45pm. The episode titled The Show Must Go On follows the Kembleford Players as they stage their latest production. The group will be performing Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing in honour of two villagers’ late baby daughter. But it all goes wrong when one member is found poisoned and Inspector Sullivan (played by Tom Chambers) has to step up to and play Benedict. Another person finds themselves arrested for the murder with Father Brown (Mark Williams) having to step in to stop a miscarriage of justice. There’s also a shady figure in the village who has been known for their underhand dealings which have left others out of pocket. Mysterious connections will also be uncovered by Father Brown as the case becomes more tricky than he could have imagined. READ MORE: BBC defends 'lynch mob' Question Time backlash Also, Mrs Devine (Claudie Blakley) is forced to go from understudy to lead after the main star breaks their leg during rehearsals. Speaking about the episode, actress Blakey said about her character: “I love where she's come from. There's a real lovely depth to her. She drove a massive ambulance in the war. “I have actually driven one of those, and they're very difficult to drive. So Mrs Devine is this woman who drove around the streets at 90 miles an hour in a huge ambulance during wartime. “Then she looked after her husband when he got injured in the war. She had to stop and give everything up and become his carer. “But she found her outlet in amateur dramatics. That's where she escaped from being his carer in the war. But then he died, and she was completely on her own.” Lady Charlie - Sonita Henry Taking on the role of the leading lady of the Kembleford Players and bereaved mother Lady Charlie is star Sonita Henry. Henry has appeared in The Chelsea Detective, Krypton, Luther, Dead Space 2 and Surfside Girls. Patrick Maidland - Sam Phillips Sam Phillips portrays the play’s director Patrick Maidland, who is married to Lady Charlie and mourning the loss of his baby daughter. The actor is best known for playing the Equerry in The Crown on Netflix and has had small roles in Bridgerton, This England, Grantchester, The Syndicate and Old School. Jeremy - Mark Fleischman Mark Fleischman plays Patrick’s friend Jeremy, who had a dark past which is uncovered when he is murdered. Actor Fleischman has appeared in The Princess Switch: Switched Again and the sequel The Princess Switch 3: Romancing the Star as Frank, Infinite, Wolfblood, Doctors and Coronation Street. Tom Church - Jack Loxton Jack Loxton takes on the role of local farmer Tom Church who is wrongly arrested over the killing. The star has previously appeared in The Sense of an Ending, The Last Dragonslayer, Vanity Fair and Doctors. DON'T MISS...Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' [VIEWER REACTION]Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [INSIGHT] Millie - Elizabeth Roberts Taking on the role of the amateur dramatic company’s prop girl Millie is actress Elizabeth Roberts. She has appeared in Word Party, Fading Scars, Portrait of a Woman at Dawn, Itsy Bitsy and Horror Notice. Penny - Helena Barlow Portraying the part of Tom’s fiancée Penny is star Helena Barlow, who is revealed to have been working covertly with Jeremy. Barlow has appeared in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, Great Expectations, All of Our Weapons and Harriet and the Matches. Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer now