Lockwood and Co concluded with the main trio’s epic battle against a formidable ghostly foe in the catacombs of London. After becoming a hit for Netflix, viewers are hopeful the spooky YA series will continue for a second season, and breakout star of the show Ali Hadji-Heshmati has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about his experience behind-the-scenes. Hadji-Heshmati had to perform one of George Karim’s most emotional scenes within his first week of filming Lockwood and Co. Having starred in just a handful of shows beforehand, the young actor was thrown in the deep end while tied to a chair and tearfully pouring his heart out. “I remember that was actually my first week of filming,” he recalled. “And I found it really challenging at first. But, just looking around me, there was such a great crew.” READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future In the season finale, George realises his friend Pamela Joplin (played by Louise Brealey) had actually been using him this whole time under the influence of the bone glass. The small yet powerful mirror could be the key to freeing the dead occultist Edmund Bickerstaff (Brendan Gibson) into the world of the living, and overrun London with ghosts. Although Pamela had planned to tie up rival ghost-hunter Quill Kipps (Jack Bandeira) to exploit his senses for the supernatural, George takes his place when Kipps realises he’s losing his talent. Thankfully, Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes) and Anthony Lockwood (Cameron Chapman) arrived just in time, but not before Lucy overhears George’s tearful confession. Whilst tied to the chair in the underground catacombs, George admits he has always felt like the oddball of the group and no one has ever cared for him. Normally known for being assertive and eccentric, Hadji-Heshmati credited director Joe Cornish and his co-stars for helping bring out a more vulnerable side of the young ghost-hunter. “Joe was amazing,” he said. “And I was acting across Louise, Ruby and Jack, who are all so brilliant at what they do. “Just seeing all these talented people around me put me at ease. And ultimately I really enjoyed it.” DON'T MISS:Harrison Ford ‘confirms’ major Jacob Dutton 1923 spoiler [INSIGHT]Fire Country fans ‘in tears’ after emotional Bode and Jake hug [REACTION]Law and Order fans fear Jet’s Organized Crime exit [VIDEO] His director also admitted completing the sequence was as difficult as it was actually a last-minute change of plans. He told Express.co.uk: “It was really hard because it wasn’t supposed to be our first week. “But something happened with Covid that meant we had to delay and rearrange the order of filming. “So, we ended up filming the climactic scenes first. It was quite good, actually, because it was such an emotional moment for George." “You have something really to plunge into. But, personally, I love that throughline. I love the way he becomes obsessed with the mirror.” In addition to his emotional outbursts in the season finale, Hadji-Heshmati had one of the toughest jobs in the cast as George slowly and subtly becomes taken over by the mirror. Thankfully, the detective trio returned relatively unscathed to the surface, though there will undoubtedly be more supernatural mysteries awaiting them in a potential second season. Lockwood and Co season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.