Kitchens are often one of the most used rooms in a home, and when it comes to designing and decorating them, there are a few faux pas you may want to avoid. From common style faux pas, to functional problems, there's a host of common errors that can trip households up along the way. To avoid this, Express.co.uk caught up with Sinead Trainor, Kitchen Category Manager at LochAnna Kitchens, who shared five common mistakes she often sees Britons make when choosing their kitchen cabinets. The designer noted that it’s best to invest in kitchen furniture that “doubles up in function” to ensure that the “money is stretched as far as possible” as well as maximising use of the space, reducing wasted storage space. Sinead explained: “An island or breakfast bar can work as both a storage area and a place for dining. The cupboards that fit beneath the island are also a useful place to keep pots, pans or food. “Larger islands or breakfast bars also mean that a hob or sink can be fitted in as well, again utilising every inch of available space.” The type and variety of storage options your cabinetry contains are also key. The expert added: “Consider more purpose focused cabinetry such as pull-out larders, corner optimisers and pull-out bins to instantly declutter your kitchen while improving workflow." READ MORE: Five ‘common’ living room mistakes to ‘avoid’ - ‘don't do it’ A “common mistake” when designing a kitchen is planning the look of the space without considering the practical aspects of the layout. Sinead said: “When starting to design a kitchen we recommend you take the time to understand how you can make the most of your space, and tailor your design to your personal needs. “The first step is to consider how you will want to use the space and then start designing with that purpose in mind. If you spend a lot of time socialising in the kitchen, make sure there are elements that lend themselves towards that goal. For example, you can install a large kitchen island that people can gather around to cook, eat, and chat or install a small breakfast nook that allows for more intimate meals as a family or couple.” Alternatively, for those who require a lot of storage, they should make sure to think about what storage solutions will work best for their needs and plan around these. The kitchen pro highlighted that an ergonomic design is “so important in your kitchen”. She said: “If you struggle bending down, then tall oven housings where the oven is at eye-level are the perfect solution and include storage above and below the appliances – ideal for storing your casserole dishes and baking sheets.” Equally, pull-out storage means people won’t need to stretch to get into corners or tall larders. Sinead added: “Not making accessibility a focus for years to come is an all-too-common mistake.” When striving for a certain aesthetic or current trend, homeowners may find themselves disregarding what their future selves might require from their kitchen cabinetry, which is why it’s a good rule of thumb to select a colour or style you are confident you will enjoy for a long time rather than only following trends, advised the expert. She said: “Whilst personal preference is always encouraged, if you’re struggling with where to start, it is a good idea to look at the overall design of your home, certain period properties such as cottages or barn conversions may suit a more traditional or heritage design approach, whereas a modern build may lend itself to an ultra-sleek look.” Features such as knobs, handles and even plug sockets “can add a luxury quality even in a kitchen designed on a budget”. Households could consider selecting a complementary coloured brassware such as pairing knurled brass handles with a navy-blue kitchen. Sinead said: “Matching these touch points is a great way to enhance cabinetry to look more luxurious, giving a cohesive final appearance to the kitchen design.” READ MORE: Four ‘very costly’ home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ Having a smaller budget doesn’t mean one would need to compromise on style or quality. The expert argued: “To create your dream kitchen on a budget there are a few tricks that you can use to get the most out of your choices. We recommend making small switches to emulate the look and feel of a high-end kitchen on a smaller budget.” One place you can do this is with worktops. Acrylic worktops have the look of natural stone and are a “cost-effective way” of creating a “luxurious looking kitchen”. Another great swap you can make is choosing timber effect worktops and cabinet doors instead of real timber. Sinead said: “Our Solutions laminate worktops feature a horizontal front grain and vertical end grain that emulates the look of real wood but saves you between 20 to 30 percent in cost. “By making this choice you also eliminate the need to regularly oil a real wooden worktop to prevent the wood drying out or splitting. By choosing these elements you can get the authentic look of a high end natural looking kitchen on a budget.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Moving on from the style and function faux pas, it is also important to think about all the planning that goes into a kitchen re-design. Designing a kitchen from scratch can be time-consuming and there are often hidden or unexpected costs with this. Instead, find a kitchen company who already has relationships with other kitchen brands so they can do the hard work for you and source sinks, taps, worktops, lighting and more. This way, you know exactly what you are getting for the price you pay. Sinead said: “Quality independent retailers are experts when it comes to the kitchens they sell and consulting them to get your storage right is crucial – they will visit your home to measure for the kitchen, do a design and make suggestions to fit with your lifestyle. “Consulting a professional on which cabinetry options will best suit your home also ensures that you avoid common pitfalls such as miscalculating storage dimensions, door clearance, placement and amount of power supplies as well as not varying cabinet storage options. Equally, having a professional look at your space will give you further insight into what is achievable within your space to have a solid workflow.”