Manchester United icon Dwight Yorke has slammed Jamie Carragher for comments the former Liverpool defender made about Erling Haaland. After Manchester City’s 1-0 defeat by Tottenham last weekend, Carragher suggested Haaland had joined the ‘wrong club’. Carragher said after an underwhelming performance by Haaland: “He’s come from a counter-attacking league [the Bundesliga] where it’s end to end. You saw his blistering pace there - we don’t see it here. He might have picked the wrong club to actually get the best out of him.” But Yorke believes the comment was ‘ridiculous’ and insists he refuses to listen to anything the Liverpool legend says. The former Trinidad and Tobago striker believes City must instead be adapting to Haaland’s style. “What a ludicrous statement from Jamie Carragher to say that Erling Haaland has not picked the right club in Manchester City, it's a ridiculous statement. Everyone has their opinion I suppose and we've both played the game at a certain level, but I'd take whatever Carragher says with a pinch of salt,” Yorke told OLBG. JUST IN: Man City may face climb from League Two if removed from Premier League “If Haaland is running in behind and not being passed to, it means Pep Guardiola has to tell the players on the ball to pass him the ball. It has nothing to do with Haaland choosing the 'wrong team'. Manchester City are the best team and have been for the past four years, what team would Haaland be better suited to if not Manchester City? “Haaland does not like the ball to his feet, he's a striker who likes to run in behind. It's his first season too, so he's still getting to know the players he plays with and the other players are understanding how Haaland plays.” Yorke suggested that Carragher had misunderstood the role of a centre-forward. The former Aston Villa and Sunderland attacker says modern marksman prefer to run in behind opposition defences. He continued: “These top strikers don't come to feet, they like to run behind, this is why I don't listen to people like Carragher. You look at all the top scorers in English history, they all like to run in behind, only occasionally did they come to collect the ball with their feet. DON'T MISS...Man City news LIVE - Haaland 'waffle' slammed, Arsenal doubt raisedGary Neville 'a bit worried' as Man Utd 'unhappy' with Man CityMan Utd icon Gary Neville has 'sympathy' for Man City after charges “Number nines is a specialist position that runs in behind, they want to face the goal, not away from it. When Haaland was scoring all his goals before, everyone was talking about how good he is at Manchester City, now he has not scored in one game, Haaland has signed for the wrong team. “What a load of waffle from Carragher, you also have one of the best passers in the world in Kevin De Bruyne in the team too, they just have to see Haaland's runs more. There is a simple solution, just play the ball in the space.” Haaland has scored a remarkable 31 goals since his summer move from Borussia Dortmund.