A man subjected his ex-girlfriend to an alarming campaign of stalking after she broke up with him. Dominic McNab boasted that he lived a life of luxury with expensive cars and a portfolio of properties while attempting to woo his victim. However, the 36-year-old's behaviour turned disturbing once she ended their romance, with McNab watching her while she worked out at the gym and bombarding her with unwanted gifts, reports The Liverpool Echo. Liverpool Crown Court heard on February 10 that the couple had been in a relationship for around nine months after meeting on Bumble in May 2020. However, girlfriend Elizabeth Pope became "suspicious" about things she was told by McNab, including claims he "drove expensive cars and had an expensive apartment" and that he was a developer who owned 30 properties. Martyn Walsh, prosecuting, described how she finished their relationship by text the day after Valentine's Day in 2021. But, over the course of the following year, he subjected her to an alarming campaign of stalking. This included "non-stop" emails, phone calls and text messages including requests to "meet up and watch football together" or go for a walk. Ms Pope was forced to block McNab's number and email address as a result.  But he went on to contact her from seven other phone numbers and three email accounts and continued to send messages "asking if she was in a relationship and if she was dating". Worryingly, one text from the businessman spoke of "how good she looked in the gym today". In November 2021, McNab - who is listed on Companies House as being the director of a Liverpool city centre-based property consultancy - "said he was sorry and wanted to meet for a drink". Ms Pope then began to receive a slew of calls from withheld numbers "at all times of the day and night", with the line going dead when she picked up. Then, on March 23 last year, she learned from a concierge in her apartment building that McNab had moved into the flat next to her own. He also arranged for flowers and cards to be delivered to her home on occasion. His criminal record includes convictions for fraud and harassment. Julian Nutter, defending, told the court that his client has since moved away to London - where he earns a £2,000 per week salary - adding: "He is deeply ashamed of himself. "For the first time in his life, things have come good and he wants to put all of this behind him. He has been out of trouble since this offending, for well over a year now." McNab, of Marsh Wall in Canary Wharf, admitted stalking during an earlier hearing. He was handed an 18-month community order and told to complete 100 hours of unpaid work, a rehabilitation activity requirement of up to 20 days and a relationships programme. Sentencing, Recorder Ciaran Rankin said: "She became suspicious of you effectively bigging yourself up. She ended the relationship, but you repeatedly contacted her. "This was a concerted attempt by you. You followed her to the gym, sent unwanted gifts and secured the tenancy next door to her. "That must have been terrifying for her. She felt intimidated by you and scared of your behaviour - she felt unsafe in her own home. "You are said to be ashamed and you have indicated remorse. "You are now living out of the area and are in full-time employment earning a good wage, albeit in an expensive city. "You are deeply ashamed, but all the indications are you have moved on into a good job in a distant city. You understand just how serious it is." McNab must also pay £1,500 in court costs, compensation of £250 and a victim surcharge within three months. He was handed a restraining order banning him from contacting Ms Pope indefinitely.