FBI officials have found another classified document during a search of former vice-president Mike Pence's home today. It follows the discovery of a "small number" of classified papers at the Indiana residence last month, dating back to his time in the White House.   "The Department of Justice completed a thorough and unrestricted search of five hours and removed one document with classified markings and six additional pages without such markings that were not discovered in the initial review by the vice-president's counsel," Pence's adviser, Devin O'Malley, said in a statement on Friday. Earlier in the day, aerial footage showed a single police car parked at the end of the winding driveway of his $1.9 million (£1.6m) home. Several other vehicles were parked on the drive. The 63-year-old is not believed to have been present, though an attorney representing him was. Following the discovery last month, Pence’s lawyer told the National Archives papers had been “inadvertently boxed and transported” to the residence at the end of the Trump administration.   The Republican, who served from 2017 to 2021 under former President Donald Trump, is currently visiting family in California following the birth of a grandchild. It's another page in an embarrassing chapter for the White House with current President Joe Biden also facing questions about bundles of classified documents found in his possession. Biden, Pence's Democrat rival, is facing a special counsel investigation after classified papers were found in his garage in Wilmington, Delaware in January. It came two months after 10 classified documents labelled 'Top Secret' were found locked in an office closet at the Penn Biden Center think tank in Washington DC. The papers date back to Biden's time serving as vice-president to Barack Obama, from 2009 to 2017. Officials searched the 80-year-old's holiday home in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware on February 1 but no further files were recovered. Biden has said he is "cooperating fully and completely with the Justice Department's review". The biggest recovery of documents came in August last year at former president Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. The FBI search of the estate collected more than 300 documents marked classified. Trump has denied any wrongdoing. 