A mobile home has sold for a staggering £3.1 million ($3.75 million) in the US - a record high for its area. The two-bedroom single-storey property boasts ocean views and features a gas fireplace, grill and outdoor shower. it is based in an exclusive area of the East Hampton peninsula in Long Island, New York. Its new owner is now neighbours with Hollywood legend Robert De Niro.  Now contracted for sale, the mobile home sits on a plot of 800 square feet. The sale figure equates to to £4,142 ($5,000) per-square-foot. Based in Montauk Shores, the price point is several times the previous record in the area, where the last highest sale was £1.532 million ($1.85 million) for a trailer in 2022. While the sale is set to close next month, the custom-built home has two bathrooms. Features also include 180-degree views of the ocean from the living room and back deck, a private deck and a grill. Montauk is part of the Hamptons, the ultratrendy celebrity hotspot where a host of A-listers, including Neil Patrick Harris and Beyonce own properties. The Montauk area's most famous resident is Robert De Niro but another Hollywood superstar, Julianne Moore, also lived in the community. She sold her airy Montauk cottage in May 2021 for $2.85 million. Will Gold with The Atlantic Team at Douglas Elliman represented the unidentified buyer and discussed the property with the New York Post. “The Ditch Plains area in general is very special,” Gold told the outlet. “It is an oasis for surfers and beachgoers, and in the past several years has been subject to an extraordinary amount of growth and transformation.” Gold then added that “especially since COVID, individuals and families have realised the value of oceanfront communities and are paying up for it”. "This beachfront row of units in ‘Montauk Shores’ is the perfect exclusive opportunity to enjoy everything Ditch Plains has to offer," he added. READ MORE: Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move In 2022, New York also saw the second highest number of Americans leaving for other states, with 299,557 shunning the largest city in the US. Meanwhile, US homeowners lost a staggering $2.3 trillion in market value since June over interest rates. Real estate brokerage Redfin reported last Wednesday that the total value of US homes has fallen from a record high of $47.7 trillion in June to about $45.3 trillion in December. “The housing market has shed some of its value, but most homeowners will still reap big rewards from the pandemic housing boom,” says Redfin economist Chen Zhao.