Ordinary taxpayers who find themselves targeted by HMRC can be too scared and confused to fight their own corner and defend themselves. While HMRC needs to ensure everyone pays the tax that is legally due, the balance of power has now gone too far, said Fiona Fernie, partner at accountancy firm Blick Rothenberg. She said the taxman's armoury has increased significantly since 2012, with “new and strengthened powers” repeatedly introduced even before existing measures have been tested. “Some have been implemented despite opposition from tax professionals and the House of Lords Economic Affairs Committee, but without equivalent increases in safeguards for taxpayers.” In 2021, the House of Lords warned that there is “a pattern of new HMRC powers being disproportionate, poorly targeted and without sufficient safeguards”. Fernie said Chancellor Jeremy Hunt should resist the temptation to hand HMRC even more ammunition in his upcoming budget on March 15. HMRC has successfully closed the UK tax gap massively in recent years, collecting 94.7 percent of tax due in 2019/20, up from 92.5 percent in 2005/06. While that is good news as it means more are paying what's due, the danger is that the taxman now “holds all the cards”, Fernie said. "This includes the power to take overdue tax directly out of people’s bank accounts." HMRC's powers are overwhelming for most people, who do not have the time or financial resources to deal with an in-depth enquiry. It means that taxpayers who are willing to correct errors and pay outstanding tax due may still be penalised as they cannot afford to fight HMRC's interpretation of the rules, Fernie said.   “An in-depth HMRC enquiry throws most people into a state of anxiety. Suggesting that they can represent themselves at a tax tribunal is a stretch even for simple cases.” She warned of the danger of mission creep, as HMRC's new powers are applied more widely than originally intended or are disproportionate to the risks they are designed to eliminate. For example, rules aimed at targeting wealthy offshore tax dodgers have hit elderly people on low incomes earning small amounts of interest from foreign bank accounts or pensions. HMRC also acts as judge, jury and executioner, as it can decide what qualifies as a "reasonable excuse" for making tax errors before applying penalties. Taxpayers do have some recourse if unhappy with their treatment, Fernie said. Statutory Review. Taxpayers can ask HMRC to appoint a different official to review any decisions with which they disagree. “This is informal and accessible but HMRC still makes the final decision, so this is a limited safeguard.” Tax Tribunal. “Many do not feel comfortable representing themselves and the cost of legal representation is prohibitive, making this a limited safeguard,” Fernie said. Judicial review. Going to the higher courts is expensive which also makes this inaccessible to ordinary taxpayers in practice. The Adjudicator. This option is only of limited use as the Adjudicator cannot consider policy or tax law issues or get involved in current taxpayer investigations, she added. READ MORE: ISA savers must act fast to to escape Hunt tax swoop as deadline looms Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Quilter, said challenging HRMC is not for the faint hearted, especially given the complexity of our tax system. “As taxes hit a 70-year high, more must be done to educate taxpayers over what what they need to report and how, to reduce the risks of making a mistake in the first place.” An HMRC spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The vast majority pay the tax that is due and it’s our role to ensure there’s a level playing field. “Our powers are kept under review to ensure they are proportionate and effective in tackling the minority who do not comply with their tax obligations.” The spokesperson said that in February 2021 a report found that overall, HMRC had implemented powers consistently and its decisions were proportionate to individual circumstances. Taxpayers who feel that they haven’t received the standard of service set out in the HMRC Charter can complain online or via post. Those who disagree with a tax decision can appeal online. 