The festive-themed candles have caused injury, fire, and damage to property in homes after the flames caused the glass to crack. The candles are the popular Mainstays Three-Wick Candles, exclusive to Walmart. The United States Consumer Product Safety Commission warned: "The candle wicks can burn too close to the side of the container, causing the glass to break, posing fire and laceration hazards." Around 1,210,000 of the candles, which cost $7, are being recalled because they could cause a potentially fatal fire hazard. The candles are burning too close to the side of the glass container, causing it to crack. So far customers have reported cuts and fire damage to items near the candles. There has also been one report of a fire caused by the candles. READ MORE: Faulty Fisher-Price sleeper linked to 100 infant deaths The recall affects Mainstays Three-Wicked Candles in round 14-ounce glass jars, which have Halloween and autumnal themes. The glass candles have metal lids and are about 4 inches long by 4 inches wide. The candle scents to look out for are Jack-O-Lantern, Mystic Fog, Warm Apple Pie, Warm Fall Leaves, Fall Farm House, Pumpkin Spice, and Magic Potion. The United States Consumer Product Safety Commission said: "Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled candles and contact Star Soap Star Candle Prayer Candle to receive a full refund." DON'T MISSWhere can you get Walmart's new drone delivery services? [LIST] Walmart closing down even more stores in Florida [US] Walmart shopper's best deals - 'won't find a better price' [INSIGHT] This recall comes after two million Cosori air fryers were recalled. The firm received over 205 complaints of them overheating, melting, smoking, and catching fire. Some users have even been burned by the broken products, ruled to be a fire risk and unsafe for users by the US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). The fires are believed to have been caused by a wire connection, which is prone to overheating and can burst into flames if it gets too hot. As well as recalling items in the US, about 250,000 in Canada and 21,000 in Mexico have also been recalled.