Erik ten Hag has urged his Manchester United squad to remain focused on the relentless challenge ahead after being struck with the latest adversity in his short but turbulent tenure. United will play eight games in four different competitions in February while a cloud of uncertainty regarding Mason Greenwood looms over Old Trafford. On Thursday, the Crown Prosecution Service announced it had dropped charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm against Mason Greenwood. The 21-year-old has been suspended by United since allegations emerged in January 2022. Now legal proceedings are over, he has been told to stay away from Carrington while the club completes an internal investigation into the next steps. Ten Hag refused to comment on the subject, referring to United's latest statement ahead of Saturday's Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. But the 53-year-old stressed that his players must 'deal' with such outside interference while remaining the only English club to still be challenging in four competitions. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'could look at' Dusan Vlahovic after learning Osimhen price  He told reporters: "It's really important, but sometimes you get issues, as a club and team, and you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values, we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit. "That's our job, not to get distracted by anything. We're human beings, and sometimes there are issues. We're not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. "We have so many games, so we don't have time to get distracted by anything. It's not easy, but that is our job." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  In a statement released on his behalf, Greenwood said he was 'relieved' to put the matter behind him.  It read: "I am relieved that this matter is now over, and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time."  But while Ten Hag will likely contribute to the decision on Greenwood's United future, he will be concentrated on sealing silverware and a top-four finish in his maiden season.  The Red Devils face Barcelona in a Europa League knockout play-off later this month and host West Ham United in the FA Cup fifth round.  David Moyes' side's visit falls just three days after United meet Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!