Pancake Day is happening today, Tuesday February 21 and is the traditional feast day before Lent begins. It’s the perfect occasion to use up items to make pancakes and enjoy the delectable treat. To celebrate Pancake Day happening today, there are several deals available from supermarkets and retailers where shoppers can massive savings and even freebies. TopCashback is offering new and existing members an amazing deal where they can redeem up to £2 worth of pancake ingredients or pre-made pancake for free from any UK supermarket. The deal is available on anything that can be used to make pancakes like eggs, milk or vegan alternatives, but it expires by midnight tonight. All you need to do is keep your receipt and upload a photo of it to your TopCashback account and more steps are listed down below: Deliveroo is also offering several incredible deals to celebrate Pancake Day and shoppers can get up to £6.45 off orders from top restaurants including Creams, Little Dessert Shop and Crêpeaffaire. Available nationwide, Creams is offering two signature pancakes for just £13.54, which saves £6.45 off and you can choose from options including Kinder Bueno, Oreo, Banana & Strawberry, Nutty Banoffee, Millionaires, Chocoholic or Strawberry Chocolate Indulgence. Little Dessert Shop is also offering two free pancakes with a delicious chocolate sauce on orders over £15, which saves £4. Crêpeaffaire has a huge variety of sweet and savoury crepes and is offering its ‘Brunch for Two’ deal which includes a choice of any two of their signature crepes, from Nutella to Avocado Superveg, a choice of two drinks (barista made coffees) for £20. In addition, vegan pancakes have surged by 14 percent between 2021 and 2022 making it one of the most popular additions to the day. Whether you’re vegan or want to try a new recipe, Oatly has created a special Vegan Banoffee Pie Pancake recipe that you can make at home. Serves four Prep time: 30 mins Cook time: 30 mins Vegan salted caramel sauce Vegan fluffy pancakes Vegan whipped cream