Clarence House's announcement in February 2005 regarding Camilla's future title was "totally demeaning" for the royal, according to a commentator. Angela Levin, author of "Camilla: From Outcast to Queen Consort", believes the communications office of the then Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall made a mistake 18 years ago when it said Charles's wife would not be known as Queen after his accession to the throne. Appearing on TalkTV, Ms Levin told Julia Hartley-Brewer: "When [Charles and Camilla] married in 2005, the Palace were very, very anxious about whether she'd be accepted. "So they put up on their website that she would be known as Princess Consort when the time came. "It was totally demeaning because if you marry the King you are a Queen. And there were arguments over that for years." To be respectful of the late Princess Diana and to avoid further impacting the already low popularity of Camilla at the time, it was announced in 2005 that Charles's second wife would not be known as Princess of Wales but, rather as Duchess of Cornwall and, similarly, she would not take on the title of Queen following the end of the reign of Elizabeth II. The late Queen Elizabeth II, Ms Levin continued, put an end to these discussions surrounding Camilla's title in February 2022, on the eve of her 70th Accession Day anniversary. As noted by the commentator, Her Late Majesty announced in a lengthy statement her wish for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort. After expressing what vital role royal consorts play in the Firm, the late monarch said: "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." However, a source has recently claimed Her Majesty's title may further change and Camilla may be officially addressed simply as Queen in the near future. READ MORE: Sussexes 'scathing attacks' triggered 'seismic fractures' with William They told the Daily Mail: "There’s a view in the palace that Queen Consort is cumbersome and it might be simpler for Camilla to be known just as the Queen when the time is right." One hint this change may be in the making can be found in the rebranding of The Reading Room, Camilla's popular online book club and literacy initiative, the source noted. While it was called Duchess of Cornwall’s Reading Room when it was first launched in early 2021, it's now known as the Queen's Reading Room, without the word Consort. Discussing this report, Ms Hartley-Brewer and Ms Levin noted previous Queen Consorts were called Queens - and mentioned as examples Queen Mary, the wife of King George V, and Queen Elizabeth, the widow of King George VI. Ms Levin added she believes the majority of the UK population would not be bothered if Camilla started being referred to simply as Queen. Agreeing with the TV host Her Majesty is widely seen as a "good egg" by Britons, Ms Levin said: "I think people are now very pleased with her, the late Queen was, she does a tremendous amount for difficult charities, like those focused on domestic violence, and she is very honourable towards the late Queen." Only a small group of people, Ms Levin added, could voice opposition to this move, the author said while referring to some fans of the late Princess Diana who "blame Camilla" for the Princess of Wales's death. She added: "They are a small number but make a lot of noise."