Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp appeared out of ideas to change his side's fortunes following their 3-0 defeat away to Wolves on Saturday. The Reds are currently sat in tenth place in the Premier League table following the loss, as an own goal from Joel Matip opened the scoring within five minutes before finishes from Craig Dawson and Ruben Neves sealed all three points for the hosts. Klopp conceded that he "cannot explain" why his side look a shadow of the team that was competing on all fronts last season and came close to an unprecedented quadruple, as the Reds are yet to win a league game in 2023. "Again, I cannot explain," Klopp told Premier League Productions. "But these 15 minutes cannot be allowed. It needs to change. That's the thing. I stand here again and for the first 15 minutes I have no explanation, I'm sorry. In the end we lost 3-0 because the goal in the second half was perhaps the first time they crossed the halfway line. But it's right because when you start like this you don't deserve anything in a Premier League game. "We have to change it immediately in the next game. Everton won today and they are in a good moment so we have to prove a point again. For the moment, I'm so disappointed and angry about the first 15 minutes, I can't find the words for it. Then we have chances we should score. It could have been 2-1 and that would have changed everything I'm sure. Wolves deserve the three points. "Yes, definitely. That's clear [Wolves deserved to win]. We cannot go through that season that nobody did before but how long do we want to suffer? It is one explanation in general yes, but not for the first 15 minutes here today. What we make of it in this moment is absolutely not OK. "Obviously it was a horrible start. Two goals which cannot happen like that. But it happened and we were 2-0 down because of our own fault. We should have defended better. We were passive in that period. I cannot explain it. There is no excuse for it. You're 2-0 down, the crowd is there but it opens up and we get some control. Then for about 45 minutes we play a good away game without scoring. That sums it up pretty much." DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap  Klopp later admitted to the BBC that a lack of leadership was one of the problems, but that their disappointing form this season goes beyond just that one factor. Neither captain Jordan Henderson nor vice-captain James Milner started at Molineux, while defensive leader Virgil van Dijk remains absent through injury. "The leadership is missing but this is not my first explanation," Klopp added. "I really think in the specific situation we could have and should have done better. We have to do better in these moments by not coming to this situation in the game so not chasing the game. "We didn't finish things off properly, we missed the last pass, the intensity we played at times was good but we have put ourselves in a really average position for the two goals. We better change it. That's true, 100%. I have no words for it really, I'm sorry."   