Several Manchester United fans have demanded Erik ten Hag to give Facundo Pellistri more minutes after the Uruguayan made an instant impact on his Premier League debut. There's been a huge clamour from United fans to see more of Pellistri after he featured for his country at the World Cup.  He joined the club back in 2020 before being loaned out to Deportivo Alaves, but was kept at the club by Ten Hag for this season. The 21-year-old was regularly an unused substitute before making his United debut in the Carabao Cup quarter-final against Charlton, coming off the bench to provide an assist. He went on to make two more appearances in the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup. And Pellistri was finally given his chance in the Premier League with United falling 2-0 down to Leeds on Wednesday night. Just minutes after his introduction, the Uruguay international was involved in United's comeback. The winger held up the ball well on the edge of the box before laying off a perfect pass for Diogo Dalot, who crossed into Rashford to head home to halve the deficit.  His immediate impact off the bench led to more noise from United supporters calling on Ten Hag to give Pellistri more minutes in the Premier League. @Ami96rul_A wrote: "Pellistri just came on and had an impact. Don't understand why he doesn't get chances to start." @irfaan_s_ tweeted: "Pellistri proving why he should get minutes over Garnacho." @Shawnifee said: "I really don’t know why Pellistri doesn’t play for us more often. Man is a proper baller!"  @BreezyUTD posted: "Yeah this Pellistri guy should be playing more." There was some speculation linking Pellistri with a loan move away from Old Trafford in January with the winger hoping for more minutes. But Ten Hag wanted to keep him at the club and has been impressed by what he's seen. "I see a future in him and he is doing really well and we have to see what is the best," Ten Hag said last month. He's progressing, also against Everton [in the behind-closed-doors game] I was really happy with his performance, I was happy with his performance in the World Cup, his progress is really good. "He's come on and had an effect so that's the next step. I say well done, better, and keep going." 