Express Sport readers have cast their votes on the fight they're most looking forward to in 2023. In a recent boxing poll, readers were given the option between five hotly-anticipated fights; Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk, Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury, Anthony Joshua’s comeback against Jermaine Franklin, Gervonta Davis vs Ryan Garcia and Josh Taylor vs Jack Catterall II. Coming out on top by a clear margin of 71.5 per cent was Fury and Usyk’s proposed undisputed clash followed by Garcia vs Davis who garnered 10.6 per cent of the votes. In third was Paul vs Fury with 7.9 per cent and then Catterall vs Taylor II with 5.4 per cent. AJ’s comeback was the worst-received option with only 4.5 per cent of fans picking it as the fight they are most looking forward to this year – a sign perhaps of the ever-changing public perception of Joshua. Joshua returns to the ring on April 1 at London’s O2 Arena following consecutive losses to Uysk. A win could open him up to huge fights against Dillian Whyte, Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder. However, a loss could spell curtains for his career. Even his own promoter, Eddie Hearn, admits that there won’t be anywhere for Joshua to go if he fails to get his hand raised in the spring. “There’s a lot of pressure to come back,” Hearn told BBC 5 Live Boxing. “Because if AJ don’t win that fight, then we’ve got a major problem.” “I’m telling you now this guy is still a top three heavyweight in the world capable of regaining his world heavyweight title. On April the 1st at the O2 Arena, against Jermaine Franklin, you will see the return of Anthony Joshua. Honestly, I believe you will see a statement from a guy who is very dangerous, very motivated to become a three-time heavyweight champion.” According to Hearn, they are hoping to get Joshua back into the world title picture by the end of the year but that all depends on who wins between Usyk and Fury. The pair are expected to square off on April 29 for all-four major sanctioning body belts at Wembley Stadium - though the deal is said to have hit a stumbling block over the purse split. If Usyk comes out on top, then it is unlikely Joshua will get a third shot at the Ukrainian but if The Gypsy King gets the win and AJ builds up some momentum in the meantime then there could be a case for the all-British showdown to take place at the back end of the year.