The Milwaukee Bucks received favourable news in the form of Giannis Antetokounmpo’s wrist injury as the two-time MVP is not set to miss as much time as originally feared. Last Thursday, the Bucks rallied to secure a 112-100 win over the Bulls despite losing their star man, who was then limited during the NBA All-Star Game. Milwaukee’s championship hopes ultimately hinge on the availability of Antetokounmpo, and he suffered a wrist sprain in the second quarter against the Bulls. He injured his right wrist while attempting to block a finger roll attempt by Bulls star Coby White after the guard drove past Antetokounmpo, who jammed his wrist against the stanchion and stayed down grimacing in pain before exiting the game. The Greek Freak was a captain in last weekend’s All-Star Game in Salt Lake City, with Team Giannis securing a 184-175 win over the Team LeBron on Sunday night - his first win in three attempts. Antetokounmpo was very limited performance as he appeared in just one play at the Vivint Smart Home Arena. The 28-year-old underwent additional tests on his right hand wrist to determine the severity of his injury. According to ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski, diagnosis of these tests are encouraging as although it is a sprained ligament and he will miss some games, Antetokounmpo will receive treatment and he can return once his wrist is manageable. READ MORE: Russell Westbrook ready to sacrifice $12m with LA Clippers move The Athletic’s Shams Charania confirmed this information, so Bucks fans can be reassured about the health of their Greek star. On Twitter, Charania posted: “Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo avoided serious damage in his right wrist after further testing today. “Antetokounmpo could miss some games, but an overall sigh of relief for the Bucks and their All-NBA star.” Antetokounmpo is in the MVP conversation once again, averaging 31.8 points, 12.2 rebounds and 5.4 assists in 47 games while shooting 53.8 percent from the floor. His production and health is key to the Bucks’ hopes of returning to the NBA Finals, but he has struggled knee issues this season. DON'T MISSCeltics star Tatum hails 'role model' team-mate that helped NBA riseShaquille O'Neal tells Donald Trump to 'shut the f*** up' over RihannaNBA announces new app with deepfake technology as fans staggered The star forward missed five games in January with a knee injury, which saw the Bucks go 2-3 without their best player. They were forced to rely on both Bobby Portis and Jordan Nwora to fill his position. The 41-17 Bucks take on the Miami Heat on Friday night in their next contest. The 32-27 Heat sit seventh in the Eastern Conference, some way behind the Bucks in second - who are half a game behind the NBA-leading Boston Celtics.