NatWest is increasing its overpayment limit from 10 to 20 percent so customers will be able to overpay more on their mortgage without being penalised. This could save homeowners thousands of pounds in interest if they regularly overpay and they won't get stung by an early repayment charge.  There was good news for homeowners this week as NatWest confirmed it will be introducing a big change to its mortgage products. The bank is allowing customers with one of its mortgages to overpay by 20 percent instead of the industry standard 10 percent. NatWest is contacting customers who regularly overpay between 8 to 10 of their balance each year to tell them they can now pay more. Homeowners who regularly overpay their mortgage could save tens of thousands of pounds in interest. READ MORE: Universal credit change could affect millions of people on benefits However, deciding whether to overpay a mortgage or invest in savings is a common question. On the MoneySavingExpert (MSE) website Martin Lewis states: "Interest rates on mortgages are at their highest in years, so overpaying your mortgage should be a serious consideration (if you have the cash). Many can save £10,000. "Yet rates on savings are improving right now, so those on older mortgages may actually do better in savings." MSE fan Debbie told the site she started making overpayments on her mortgage seven years ago. DON'T MISS:British Gas customers paying £500m more for opting out of direct debit'Turned £10k into £52k' - Isa savers love this fund but it's riskyState pensioners could get £3,300 annual boost She said: "Saved £18,600 in interest and paid up eight years and three months early. "So my ex-mortgage payment can now go towards a fantastic retirement pot." There's a handy mortgage overpayment calculator on the MSE website where people can work out exactly how much interest they would save by overpaying. Meanwhile, Satnam Sidhu, mortgage broker at Haysto, recently told Express.co.uk exactly what people should know if they are looking to buy a house and secure a mortgage this year. He said the secret to beating the housing market is to be prepared: "It’s important to work with a broker to obtain a decision in principle as all estate agents are going to request this so you can get an offer accepted on a house and beat the competition from other buyers." Paul Coss, co-founder of Haysto, said the housing market is expected to be quieter in 2023 which could mean it's a buyers' market. “As the Bank of England is expected to raise rates further to try to combat inflation, and with no signs of a significant reduction in mortgage rates, it’s expected that the housing market will be quieter in 2023. “With housing prices down and many houses going for under asking price, the market is very much on the side for buyers. But with the cost-of-living crisis continuing to be of huge concern for potential buyers, budgeting and the mortgage market continues to be a priority.”  HSBC is one of the first banks to launch a fixed 3.99 percent interest rate on a five-year mortgage since October 2022, signalling that other lenders could follow suit. Virgin Money and Lloyds bank have already launched products offering below four percent rates but these are on ten-year fixes, but whether homeowners should opt for a fixed rate mortgage now is a complicated question. Danni Hewson, AJ Bell financial analyst, said: “The question many homeowners have been asking is whether they should hold off re-fixing until rates come down and instead go for a variable rate or a tracker mortgage. “Every situation will be different, so the best course of action will be to talk to a broker to get the right advice for you.” 