Kansas City Chiefs superstar Patrick Mahomes won his second Super Bowl on Sunday night and now boasts two championships, two Super Bowl MVPs and two regular season MVPs at the age of just 27. The quarterback is building up an extremely impressive resume, already shattering a number of NFL records and winning while doing so. The Kansas City Chiefs quarterback clinched his second ring Sunday after overcoming an aggravated ankle injury to lead his team to a 38-35 comeback win over the Philadelphia Eagles. On talent alone, it's tough to argue that any player has ever been better than Mahomes. But he is now entering the debate of greatest of all time, alongside Tom Brady. And in Sunday night's win, he pulled off the victory in dramatic fashion, playing through a high ankle sprain which had severely hampered his mobility - grimacing in pain throughout the game. However, some have argued that talent does not put you atop of the perch, which many think Brady rightly deserves to be at. Brady won seven Super Bowls in his time by being consistent and efficient. Mahomes is still five rings away from that - a tough ask for him to get close to. Taking to Twitter after the Super Bowl, one fan tweeted that Mahomes "isn't even close" to Brady, as they penned: "Mahomes is gonna end up as the second best to ever do it. Already climbing. Andy Reid cemented himself as a legend. "Mahomes isn’t even close to Brady. Andy Reid will never touch Belichick. Get those narratives way the f*** out of here. It’s not even remotely close." Echoing their comments, someone else commented: "Let’s get these scenarios out of the way in advance. Seven Super Bowls is five more than two. One in two in Super Bowl's is just one less loss than Brady in ten tries. "Brady’s three loses in the Super Bowl are by a total of 15 points. Mahomes one loss is by 22 points. No scenario changes anything tonight. Nothing." But others already believe that Mahomes could be on a Brady-like trajectory with two Super Bowl titles at age 27, with some debating on what he has to do to eclipse the living NFL legend. Speaking on his podcast, American sports writer Bill Simmons said: "The Mahomes resume, twice a Super Bowl champion, two-time Super Bowl MVP. That's a small list. "He's a two-time MVP, he's been twice the passing touchdowns leader, twice the passing leader, made the Pro Bowl five times in a row. This feels like the start of something.  "There's some GOAT potential now. You need to get those two early. Brady got three early, it's a little bit early. The Chiefs caught lightning in a bottle with how well they drafted, you give them credit for that but when you have this many rookies and make the big gamble with the Tyreek Hill trade, you have to really hit the draft, and they did. "He's certainly hitting all the checkpoints, which is the big thing. The thing for me is that all the stuff adds up together. Kellerman had a tweet today which said the eyeball test says they're the best, the stats support that impression, their team wins the most, and that's what Michael Jordan had. "That's why we ended up settling him as the GOAT. Mahomes is hitting those checkpoints, so I agree with Max. But there's so much work left, there's so much luck that goes into this. Brady ended up with seven, he got six with the Pats. That seven could easily have been ten, or it could easily have been three." Brady retired from the NFL earlier this month, and looks set to take a year away from the sport before joining FOX as a commentator and analyst. For Mahomes, it looks to be the case that the Chiefs will continue to dominate while he remains at quarterback - and the roster could even be improved upon for next season.