Jack Hart, described as "remorseless", was traveling at 57 mph in a 30 mph zone during rush hour in Hull when he collided with Steven Duffield, 10, and Mason Deakin, 11. The 32-year-old man drove his blue BMW at an "excessive speed", breaking bus lane regulations and cutting off other drivers before hitting two boys.   Seven and Mason were riding their bikes near an overpass on October 19, 2020, in Hull city center when Hart struck them in his car. Hart attempted to cover up the evidence of his dangerous driving by destroying his dashcam. Police stated that the footage demonstrated a complete disregard for the safety of others. The boys were taken to the hospital, where Steven passed away from his injuries that same evening and Mason died two weeks later.  Steven Duffield's parents led his family in an emotional tribute, saying: "He should be here doing the things he loved, watching Liverpool FC, out on his bike, playing on his PlayStation or winding his family up. "Stephen was the youngest child of seven, leaving two brothers and four sisters. "He was our son, a grandson, a nephew, a cousin and a friend to many! A true social butterfly. "We were your normal family, we enjoyed days out, our annual summer holidays to Butlins, but now, our days are long, dark and silent." They also expressed their disgust at Hart's lack of "empathy or respect" during the trail. The family said: "We only feel only one emotion towards Hart and that’s anger. His attitude throughout the 27 months of this investigation shows he has a total lack of empathy or respect for anyone but himself. "Hart has been so controlling and manipulative, prolonging our heartache for over two years when all we want is to seek justice for both Stephen and Mason." Jack Hart from Hull was sentenced to nine years in prison and banned from driving for 13 years after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving on Monday. The sentencing took place on Wednesday at Hull Crown Court. A joint statement from the boys' families read: "Whilst we know that Hart’s dangerous driving led to the collision that took Stephen and Mason from us, we hope something good may be able to come from it all. "All parents and their children need to understand the importance around road safety and the dangers of playing close to traffic, whether that be on foot or bike, and we want to raise awareness of our loss to be able to try and prevent anything like this happening to any other families." Rob Mazingham, a Senior lead investigator from Humberside Police said: "Jack Hart showed a reckless disregard for the safety of others, driving through the city centre in rush-hour traffic at grossly excessive speed, undertaking vehicles and ignoring bus lane regulations.  “Driving in such a manner made a collision at some point inevitable, and tragically, his impatience and irresponsible actions took the lives of the two boys who had everything to look forward to." He added: "Following the collision, Hart removed the dash camera from his vehicle and it was never recovered."