Ryan Shepard is perhaps best known for standing in as the rap legend’s doppelganger at the MTV Movie Awards, on tour and in a music video. According to TMZ, Shepard’s brother Kyle confirmed he died in January after being hit by an oncoming pickup truck while trying to cross a street. The stunt double was rushed to hospital but pronounced dead soon after. The accident reportedly occurred in Washington at the end of January. Back in the early 2000s, Shepard acted as Eminem's student double and photo double. He appeared at the MTV Movie Awards as Eminem's superhero character, Rap Boy. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits Shepard also took the stage with Eminem for his 2002 Anger Management Tour and on his Japan and Europe tour the year after. Besides live music, Shepard also appeared in D12's music video for Purple Hills as Eminem's stunt double. Shepard wasn't only a star in the music industry, his brother Kyle told the outlet that he was incredibly intelligent. He went on to work at Disney as a ride mechanical engineer and later landed a job with Elon Musk’s SpaceX as a test automation engineer.  Shepard is survived by two children; a seven-year-old and an 11-year-old. Tributes have since poured in for the stunt double as people took to social media and offered their condolences. Southpawer wrote: "Ryan appeared as Eminem double at MTV Video Music Awards and @D12's "Purple Pills" video to name a few. He was incredibly intelligent, working to Elon Musk’s SpaceX as a test automation engineer. RIP." Marshall wrote: "Rest in Peace Ryan." DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex says he's homeless and cheated with an older woman[LATEST]Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off'[BRITS]Karren Brady issues plea to Camilla over 'frugal' Charles[ROYALS] Eminem was born Marshall Bruce Mathers III in St. Joseph, Missouri. He is one of the most successful artists of the 21st century. In addition to his solo career, Eminem was a member of the hip hop group D12. He is known for collaborations with Detroit-based rapper Royce da 5'9"; the two are collectively known as Bad Meets Evil.