Kate is proving that "she can take on whatever challenges" the role of Princess of Wales throws at her, claimed a celebrity and royal style expert. Reflecting on the 41-year-old's glamorous attire for the 2023 BAFTAs last week, Miranda Holder branded the look as "genius". Ms Holder told the Mirror: "Kate's striking red carpet look for the 2023 BAFTAs certainly created a style sensation. "The dramatic monochrome perfectly complemented William's outfit, and the pair looked like a true power couple." She added that the couple looked "completely at ease" whilst they mingled "with the great and the good of the film industry." She noted that Kate, who was bestowed the title of Princess of Wales in September, has evolved her style "into something more refined and confident" and looks "every inch our future Queen". READ MORE: Everyone is 'fed up' with Harry and Meghan as they went too far and lost all 'credibility' "In comparison with previous BAFTA outfits, this look felt more grown up, even more polished and poised." She added that the latest look shows us that "Kate can take on whatever challenges the role throws at her." Speaking of the late Queen, Ms Holder claims that she thinks Kate has taken a "leaf out of the Queen's guidebook" with her bold choices. She added that, much like the late Queen who was known for her bold style choices, Kate's monochrome style choice was a "stark contrast" against the red carpet. READ MORE: Prince Harry is 'unforgivable' for not correcting racism allegations before Queen's death Praising the future Queen, she added that Kate's recent red carpet moment showed her at her "most confident". She added the gloves were a "daring choice", and although have divided opinions, they were a "genius move". On Sunday night, Kate stepped out alongside Prince William for the event, which was held in London. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew could follow Harry and Meghan by moving to US [LATEST]King Charles III hit by Coronation protests [REVEAL]Sussexes could copy Trump with response to Samantha Markle lawsuit [SPOTLIGHT] Earlier this year, Kate launched her first major project as Princess of Wales. The campaign, 'Shaping Us", is an awareness campaign dedicated to spotlighting the importance of early childhood. Speaking at a pre-launch event, the mother-of-three said: "It is essential, to not only understand the unique importance of our earliest years, but to know what we can all do to help raise future generations of happy, healthy adults".