As living costs bite, many have been searching for ways to generate additional income streams to help with the surge in outgoings. In fact, Google search data shows a staggering 4594 percent increase in ‘how to make money’ searches since this time last year. But there are ways to earn more “without you having to do much”, according to experts at Geonode. Geonode experts said: “Branching out on multiple sources of income is helpful to anybody, whether a student or a working professional. It’s certainly not easy to find a part-time job or set up a side business, but there are more straightforward ways. One such way would be through using passive income apps.” A Sunday stroll couldn’t be more lucrative with Sweatcoin, app users can earn one credit for every 1,000 steps they take. So, the more distance travelled, the more credits to earn. Geonode experts said “you get paid when you walk somewhere”, however, “Sweatcoin doesn’t let you exchange your credits for actual cash, but they do let you exchange credits for products or gift cards.” READ MORE: Four 'in demand' services to turn into £1,000 side hustle - expert  The experts continued: “You’re still getting something for free simply by walking. Sweatcoin might even motivate you to walk more every single day. So, if there’s a location you want to go to and it’s within walking distance, you might want to walk instead of going there by car or public transport.” Sweatcoin is also working with the NHS to help deliver healthy incentive programmes across the country. Its recent partnership with NHS South West London, which is aimed at those at risk of type two diabetes, has helped increase participants’ time spent walking by 45 percent. One for music lovers, Current is a passive income app that lets users earn extra income when they listen to music. As people listen to more music, they increasingly earn more points that they can use to exchange for money. According to the app terms, users can earn "up to $600 (around £497) a year". DON'T MISS: We tested popular money making tips including how to make £800 a month [ANALYSIS]You could still save £444 a month if you're on the average salary [INSIGHT]Travel expert shares money-saving staycation tips [EXPLAINED]   Geonode experts said: “When using Current, you’ll only listen to curated playlists, so you will not be able to skip any song. Although, you can find new music through it. If you love listening to music every day, then Current is a great way to earn some extra cash.” Rakuten is a cash-back service that offers users rewards and savings when they shop through their app. When people shop with Rakuten, not only do they get a portion of the cash they used to purchase, but they also get some rewards like gift cards. READ MORE: Couple turn £5k into six-figure snack business after 'instant success'  Geonode experts said: “Rakuten is not in the traditional sense of a passive income app, but if you’re going to purchase something, you might as well get some money back. It’s perfect for making big purchases so you can get some big cash backs. Although, you can still use it for smaller purchases.” SavvyConnect is an app that collects data on how users browse the internet. It runs in the background of the device, and people can earn from it. Geonode experts said: “You can use multiple devices to run SavvyConnect, but the amount you earn is capped at £180 a year, so keep that in mind when using it.”  Repocket enables users to earn money by sharing their internet connection. The app simply runs in the background and utilises the person’s unused bandwidth. Geonode experts said: “The more bandwidth you share, the more income you earn. You can also use multiple devices on a single account to enhance your earnings.” The experts added: “There are many ways to earn a passive income and diversify your earnings. The money that you earn might not be enough to replace your job, but it’s a good boost to your total income, without requiring you to do anything much.” 