Former Love Island star Tommy Fury enjoys a huge following on social media with 4.8million followers on Instagram, which generate tons of sponsorship and endorsement earnings. The 23-year-old’s stint on ITV’s hit show in 2019, where he met partner Molly-Mae Hague, also netted him a £50,000 cash prize on top of a reported £250 per week income while on the program.  In 2021, The Sun reported that the boxing champ was earning up to £3,000 per day from his social media ventures, and Fury has previously enjoyed endorsement deals with top brands including Mcdonald's and Disney Plus. As a result, the Mancunian was reported to be worth just over £1m before Sunday’s showcase. But that figure could more than quadruple after his recent success, with further riches expected with subsequent bouts between the pair. Fury was guaranteed £1.7m from the fight with a further 35% of pay-per-view revenue that is expected to take his earnings into the region of £3.7m. However, the Las Vegas-based boxing company Boxing Kingdom estimated Fury’s final pay day could be as high as £5.8m after final numbers have been determined. DON'T MISS:Tyron Woodley calls out KSI for 'ducking fight three times' after Brit mocks Jake PaulJake Paul vs Tommy Fury rematch: When will the duo fight again? Everything we know so farCristiano Ronaldo couldn't care less as reaction to Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul filmed Despite being well short of the £20.8m purse the outlet estimates Paul will take home, Fury will certainly be thrilled to see his net worth skyrocket from the lucrative bout. Sunday night’s fight in Saudi Arabia was the youngster’s eighth win in as many bouts which maintained an unblemished record and is all but assured to be the first in a series of clashes between him and Paul. The American indicated his desire to take up the reported rematch clause in his contract post-match, saying: “We can run it back. I think we deserve that rematch.” MUST READ: Tyson Fury lost £100k despite brother Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia Fury similarly welcomed the prospect of another go around, telling reporters: "This is my first main event. If he wants a rematch, bring it on." And with the fighter guaranteed to gain millions of followers and extra sponsorships from high-profile bouts, he can expect to see his bank balance rise accordingly. 