Last month, Sophie Morgan, 37, was subjected to a traumatic incident when her wheelchair was damaged while she was flying home to the UK, after a holiday in California. The Loose Women star, who became paraplegic at the age of 18, claimed that what occurred as a result of the airline’s behaviour is no different to an “assault” on a physically able person. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Sophie described how upsetting it was to discover that her essential mode of transport had been inadvertently broken by airline BA. She said: “It is an assault, an attack on a wheelchair is an attack on a human being. They are part of us. “They are not luggage. I struggle with someone even touching my wheelchair, as it’s the same as touching a person’s legs." The TV presenter had previously criticised airport staff for damaging her wheelchair and leaving her feeling “unsafe”. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits Sophie said on Twitter at the time that she had "landed at Heathrow with a bang" after finding her chair had been "damaged". The star, who had flown in from Los Angeles to London’s Heathrow, took to Instagram to share a video of her experience. In the clip, which showed the damaged chair, she said: "Someone - no one took responsibility - decided to attach my wheelchair and my batec (battery-powered attachment) whilst in transit and they have done so without my permission and completely wrong."(sic) Both items were checked in separately and unattached. She continued: "It took over half an hour to ‘break’ them apart. "All that time I had to sit on an aisle chair which was NOT safe and I didn’t know if I would be able to get back into my chair." Sophie was eventually able to get back into her chair after the batec was broken apart, but said it was not safe, adding she’d found further damage. She added: "And what was I told to do by British Airways? Send an email via the website. DONT MISS:Judge Robert Rinder pictured in hospital after undergoing surgery (PHOTOS)Lily James puts on busty display in figure-hugging green gown (NEWS)Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick ‘dies suddenly’ two years after nephew (LATEST) "This has GOT TO STOP. Thousands of chairs are damaged every year by airlines. It’s just #planewrong." In a statement, BA said: "We're extremely sorry for Sophie's experience and we're investigating what happened as a matter of urgency. We've been in contact with Sophie to sincerely apologise and to resolve the matter with her directly. "We carry hundreds of thousands of customers who require additional assistance each year and we work hard to provide help and support them throughout the whole journey. It's extremely disheartening when things go wrong, and we don’t underestimate the impact this has.” It is not the first time either that Sophie has encountered difficulty onboard an aircraft. Back in 2019, the presenter condemned her “disrespectful” treatment after she was stranded on an empty plane for 40 minutes. Sophie tweeted a picture of herself sitting on the empty aircraft at Gatwick Airport as she waited for her wheelchair. She wrote: “What is the point? Just please start treating us with more respect. Your staff were helpful but the whole system is pathetic.” She tweeted Gatwick: “It has happened far too often. “This sort of service is almost the norm now. Incredibly rude staff made the situation even worse.” A spokesman for Gatwick at the time said they apologised “unreservedly” to Sophie. Living Wild: How to Change Your Life, presented by Sophie Morgan, airs every Saturday at 8pm on Channel 4.  Driving Forwards by Sophie Morgan is published by Sphere in paperback, RRP £9.99 available now