As the Bank of England continues to hike its Base Rate, cash ISAs are offering savers increasingly higher returns. Virgin Money has now increased the interest rate on its one-year fixed cash E-ISA to a more competitive Annual Equivalent Rate of four percent. Commenting on the spate of rate rises, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Savers have just a couple of months left until the new tax year begins, so time is ticking for them to utilise their current ISA allowance. “Thankfully, the run-up to ISA season is looking bright as rates are much more favourable than they were a year ago. “Those savers who locked into a top one-year fixed rate ISA a year ago will find the equivalent top deal pays more than four times the amount of interest.”  READ MORE: You could still save £444 a month if you're on the average salary  However, Ms Springall noted: “Savers will need to check their rate regularly to keep on top of the latest rate rises and remember that they can look for an alternative deal that allows them to transfer in their current ISA to keep their tax-free wrapper intact.” While interest rates fluctuate amid increased uncertainty, fixed-rate accounts can help add a layer of certainty to saving, as these enable savers to secure the rate offered at the time of opening. Cash ISAs are also often a popular route people take to save, as these accounts allow up to £20,000 to be deposited per year, without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA).  DON'T MISS: Nationwide BS is helping Britons save £120 a year at Tesco and Asda [INSIGHT]eBay sites which 'not many people know about' offer 75% off shopping [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    Virgin Money is currently offering savers an AER or four percent on its One Year Fixed Rate Cash E-ISA (Issue 551). Interest is calculated daily and savers get to decide whether they’d like it to be paid either annually or monthly. Annual interest is paid on August 5, while monthly interest is paid on the last day of the month, and will be available the next working day. The account can be opened online with just £1 and only one account can be issued per customer. Withdrawals are permitted, however, the money cannot be put money back in. Any withdrawals made within the fixed rate period will be subject to a charge equivalent to 60 days' loss of interest on the amount withdrawn. READ MORE: NS&I releases new Green Savings Bond with competitive interest rate   Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Savers who wish to use their tax-free savings allowance might be tempted by the One Year Fixed Rate Cash E-ISA from Virgin Money. “Following a rate rise this week this ISA now pays four percent yearly, or alternatively there is also a monthly interest option, which might be another plus for some investors who want to boost their regular income. “This takes a place in the top 10 compared to other ISAs on offer with similar terms and there is also some flexibility for savers as earlier access is permitted, but this is subject to a loss of interest penalty.  “Investors are also able to make further additions and transfers in for 30 days from account opening, which could improve the appeal of this account further. "On assessment, this ISA earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” Savers who invest in Virgin Money accounts can also have access to special deals across the wider Virgin Group that can help people save on items like everyday essentials, as well as days out and holidays. 