The report says this is because parents have been so badly hit by the cost of living crisis that they can’t afford to buy their children a toothbrush or toothpaste. In fact the situation is so bad that kids are coming into schools wearing face masks to hide their rotting teeth and their bad breath. WHAT? So are we seriously trying to excuse the fact that kids' teeth are rotting in their heads because their parents can’t afford brushes or toothpaste?? Nope, sorry, not buying it. And this isn’t me being hard-hearted or not understanding how cash-strapped some people are. I do understand. But this isn’t about poverty. It’s about laziness, bad parenting and those parents not understanding - or caring - about their kids' oral hygiene and health. And if parents really can’t be bothered with their kids' teeth or their health - why on earth have them in the first place? Because nothing, absolutely nothing, should be more important than that. And if it isn’t- it damn well should be. And before the liberal left starts screaming this is what the cost of living crisis has reduced some families to - I’m not buying that either – not when you can buy a pack of TWO toothbrushes (in Asda) for 25p and a tube of toothpaste for 49p. So for 75p your kids’ teeth would be looked after for months? But no, the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health has piled in and warned that toothbrushes and toothpaste are fast becoming a luxury item for some families Oh Phlueeese! They are not - not when you can buy TWO brushes for 25p. That’s a year’s worth for one child right there. But this is typical of the kind of country we’re becoming where no-one is expected to take personal responsibility for anything. So what does the Royal College – and indeed those families who insist they can’t afford 11p for a toothbrush - think should happen here? Do they think the Government should buy their children’s toothbrushes? Should it just buy every single thing their children need? I’m sorry but where’s the parental responsibility here? Surely when people decide to have children they factor in the cost, their circumstances, and how much they earn before they do? Or do they just think “Let’s just have them and someone else will pay.” Clearly, the majority don’t and are a damn sight more responsible than that. I’m guessing that the families hit worst by the cost of living crisis are already on some kind of benefit - universal credit, child benefit or both. And surely child benefit exists precisely to look after the needs of children - food, health AND oral hygiene. This report is all the more shocking when you realise that almost NINE out of TEN hospital tooth extractions in children aged between 0- 5 years are due to totally preventable tooth decay. And tooth decay is THE leading reason for hospital admissions among 5-9-year-olds according to NHS data. These admissions are more than double those for acute tonsillitis which is the second highest cause of hospital admissions in that age group. So are we really saying some parents would rather their kids go into hospital for a general anaesthetic to remove teeth that are rotting in their heads rather than fork out 75p for two toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste. This isn’t about poverty, this is about laziness. And yes, neglect. And I’m wondering if the parents who can’t afford 25p for a toothbrush have a TV, do they have wifi, broadband, computers? Do they think all these things are more important than their kids growing up with a full set of teeth? And it’s beyond insulting to the vast majority of parents to suggest that being short of money means the only choice they have is to let their kids' teeth rot. I heard a dental nurse say on the radio this week that even brushing without toothpaste is better than nothing. This nurse also said parents should be brushing their kids’ teeth for them up until the age of seven. So is that the reason kids have rotting teeth – because their parents can’t be bothered to do it for them - or even show them?