He’s not the first. Harvey Weinstein and Jeffrey Epstein were both long term abusers, and it’s pretty clear they both thought they were above the law, too. They weren’t, thanks to the courage and self-sacrifice of some of their victims, but they all got away with it for far too long. So what does a Metropolitan police officer have in common with such wealthy, famous men? The answer is empowerment. Weinstein could make or break a career and a reputation with a single phone call. Epstein had a direct line to the rich and powerful, and enough cash in the bank that he seemed untouchable. And Carrick? Well, he had a uniform, and a position within an institution that both unintentionally empowered and enabled him to abuse. In no way does that minimise Carrick’s brand of pure evil. The Metropolitan police didn’t make him psychologically twisted, nor did it inspire his desire to rape and abuse women. It did, however, provide the perfect environment for him, because rape is about power. That’s why Carrick’s crimes weren’t all about sexual abuse, but extended to locking women in a below-stairs cupboard and urinating on them. For him to feel powerful, he had to demean the woman he was with. The problem for the Metropolitan Police, is that what Carrick was doing in private was simply a scaled-up version of what was going at the police station. Female police officers were being branded, having their backsides slapped, being told to make the tea and called names. And they all knew better than to complain. Male officers, at least until very recently, seemed to be able to get away with pretty much anything. A female colleague of Carrick’s says he raped her in 2004. She didn’t report it. And if we let that sink in for a minute, what does it say about the police that a serving female officer knew only too well how it would play out if she accused a fellow officer of rape? How can any other woman possibly feel as if they’re going to be taken seriously – listened to and believed – if even a woman police officer was too intimidated by the system to speak up. It’s exactly this culture of silence that enables men like Carrick to keep doing what they’re doing. Change may be coming in police forces, but too late to save Carrick’s numerous victims, and too late for the unknown victims of other officers, some now retired, more still serving. But it all begs the question - why do people want to become police officers? Is it to serve, or is it a desire for power? Carrick, coward that he is, hid behind his uniform. The Metropolitan Police, who failed to figure out what he really was in spite of numerous complaints over the years, allowed him to get away with it. This isn’t the first case of its type - Sarah Everard’s terrible death is forever etched in our minds - and sadly it won’t be the last. While institutions, be they religious, governmental, educational or the military, are allowed to police themselves, these headlines are going to come around on repeat. We don’t credit the victims enough, either, those men, women and children who decide that enough is enough. Or perhaps they feel that they’ve lost so much, that speaking out can’t possibly be worse than what they’ve already endured. What we all need to realise is this; inside every organisation, there will be abusers. It’s not just possible, not just likely, but a fact. Every institution needs to do the maths and get proactive. Don’t wait for victims to do the work. Go looking for the rapists and the abusers. Keep tabs on how the people given power are behaving. Ask questions. Make spot checks. Take complaints - every single complaint - seriously. I didn’t report it when I was raped by a special constable. It was decades ago now, and I had just turned 16, but I kept quiet for the same reasons David Carrick’s victims stayed quiet until recently. Fear, and the certain knowledge that the process to prove it will break you. That fear is real, and entirely grounded in fact. David Carrick is a bottom-feeder who deserves all that the court has to throw at him, but sexual predators need hiding places. They need camouflage and privacy. They need to feel as if they’re going to get away with it. Sadly, Carrick’s job gave him all the tools he needed to control his victims. One can only hope that enough lessons have been learned to prevent a tragedy on this scale from happening again, but real change is slow. Until then, we need to listen more carefully to the voices of victims. It turns out, they’re the ones actually protecting the next generation.