The Good Morning Britain host gushed about the show's "terrific" viewing figures in view of her 905,000 Twitter followers. The 52-year-old told fans "we love that you are watching" as she spoke out online on Friday. It comes after Susanna Reid is said to have "confronted" producers over a string of "embarrassing" blunders, inaccuracies and misspellings. She is said to have been keen to ensure there were "high standards" on the show. However, the mother-of-three's latest online update was nothing but positive. The star looked forward to returning to the famous sofa tomorrow morning, alongside Ben Shephard. READ MORE: Autumnwatch's Michaela Strachan breaks silence on show axe Susanna tweeted: "RATINGS: terrific figures for yesterday’s @gmb (and a great week). "Highest Thursday numbers since June 2021, up 9 per cent and +3.8 share points against the same day last year." "We love that you are watching," the broadcaster continued. "Back on Monday with @benshephard." One user the told her: "Susanna… You missed the part where you say THANK YOU ALL. "For your support and keep watching… Next I hope."(sic) Susanna wasted no time in getting back to them, stating: "Keeeeeeep watching - thanks Henry!"(sic) It comes after a source claimed Susanna "made her feelings very clear" and had "confronted production staff". Speaking to The Sun, they said: "Susanna is totally professional and just wants high standards — as Piers [Morgan] or any other presenter would have done. DON'T MISSVanessa Feltz splits from fiancé Ben Ofoedu amid 'cheating' claimsLucy Alexander addresses 'being out of a job' after BBC show exitDebbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hair "The last thing anyone wants is her walking away in anger." They added: "She made her feelings very clear, and confronted the senior executives over it.” Express.co.uk previously contacted ITV and GMB for comment. It came as recent instalments of the show saw various mistakes slipping through onto screens. One saw news correspondent Ben Chapman reporting live from Romania, with his surname spelt incorrectly. Another saw the word "remembering" spelt incorrectly during a tribute on a celebrity death. Additionally, the wrong date was also written on screens as Susanna presented during another incident. Susanna wasn't alone in becoming frustrated by the mistakes, with ITV viewers taking to social media to slam the incidents. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.