There has been ‘mischievous chatter’ from some Manchester United figures following the news of 100 charges being brought against Manchester City by the Premier League, according to reports. Pep Guardiola’s side have been accused of financial offences dating from the 2009/2010 season to the 2017/2018 campaign. Possible penalties include a points deduction, or even losing crowns won during that time. The Premier League confirmed today they were charging City with 100 offences. City, for their part, have released a statement of their own. They responded by saying: “Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. “The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. “As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all.” Should City be found guilty of the charges, then it’s possible they’ll be stripped of their titles. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United would be entitled to one from the 2011/2012 season, back when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. And they’d also be entitled to another from the 2017/2018 season, when Jose Mourinho guided them to second in the table. Now, the Manchester Evening News have said: “Mischievous chatter already from some #mufc figures involved in 2017-18 season over the City news that United could be retrospectively announced as champions. “Today's news extends the positivity from the weekend results.” City could also face expulsion from the Premier League, which would be a disaster for the club. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And a points deduction is possible as well. City remain confident they’ll be able to beat the charges and continue to stress they’ve done everything by the book. An independent body will now determine the outcome the case, with football left in a state of uncertainty as a result. The charges against City relate to nine seasons from 2009/2010 to 2017/2018. They’ve also been charged with not co-operating with an investigation and handing over documents from 2018/2019 to 2022/2023. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The allegations include not providing full details of what Roberto Mancini was earning during his spell in the Etihad dugout. And they also relate to not disclosing full details of what their players have been pocketing over six seasons, too. The investigation has been ongoing since 2018. In their statement, the Premier League said: "In accordance with Premier League Rule W.82.1, the Premier League confirms that it has today referred a number of alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules by Manchester City Football Club (Club) to a Commission under Premier League Rule W.3.4. "Commissions are independent of the Premier League and member clubs. “The members of the Commission will be appointed by the independent Chair of the Premier League Judicial Panel, in accordance with Premier League Rules W.19, W.20 and W.26. "The proceedings before the Commission will, in accordance with Premier League Rule W.82, be confidential and heard in private. “Under Premier League Rule W.82.2, the Commission’s final award will be published on the Premier League’s website. "This confirmation is made in accordance with Premier League Rule W.82.1. “The Premier League will be making no further comment in respect of this matter until further notice."