Al-Nassr could be forced into another awkward decision this summer when they will try to sign Sergio Busquets from Barcelona on a free transfer. The Saudi Arabian side have already made an approach to land the Spanish midfielder when his contract in Catalonia comes to an end at the end of the campaign. Busquets remains a key player for Xavi despite the increased competition in Barcelona's midfield this season. However, he is now being faced with a significant decision over his future with Inter Miami and Al-Nassr now battling it out for his signature. Fabrizio Romano is reporting that the Saudi giants have already made their move to bring Busquets to the Middle East in the summer when the player will be a free agent. Yet even if they do win the race for the 34-year-old veteran, the move comes with further complications for Al-Nassr boss Rudi Garcia. READ MORE: Barcelona moment highlights missing piece of Man Utd jigsaw under Erik ten Hag Just like when Cristiano Ronaldo joined the club, Al-Nassr will have to make room within their squad due to the foreign player limit. Unfortunately for Vincent Aboubakar, he was the man to make way for Ronaldo in January when he signed on a free transfer following his Manchester United departure. Ronaldo tried to convince Aboubakar to stay out of guilt but the Cameroon international frontman wanted out. Al-Nassr chiefs were reluctant to sanction the forward's departure but there was no going back for Aboubakar once he realised his playing time would be limited. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race The other player who was potentially facing the cut was Jaloliddin Masharipov but the Uzbekistan international ended up remaining with the club. Should Busquets opt to sign for Al-Nassr, the Uzbek appears to be the man most likely to make way. That said, there is no guarantee the Spain lynchpin will even choose to join Al-Nassr. After all, he has another exciting option on the table in Inter Miami, who are also going after Lionel Messi. The MLS is evidently more competitive than the Saudi Pro League and with Inter Miami yet to win silverware, there is a real challenge on the table at the club. Although Ronaldo and Busquets both played for Real Madrid and Barcelona at the height of their rivalry, there is no bad blood between the pair. Busquets actually once shot down stories in the press that Ronaldo was bad-mouthing Barcelona players in the Real Madrid dressing room. Even though the duo have enjoyed some tough battles over the years, it's unlikely that old rivalries would get in the way of any potential linkup at Al-Nassr.