Tyson Fury’s promoter Frank Warren has unveiled plans to stage Fury vs Joe Joyce in the summer. Warren is hopeful they can book the domestic dust-up at Wembley Stadium providing Fury beats Oleksandr Usyk and Joe Joyce defeats Zhang Zhilei in their next outings. The pair have been linked to a fight for quite some time and came face to face after Fury’s last encounter with Derek Chisora. While Fury and Usyk squared off on the side of the ring to promote their upcoming undisputed fight Joyce gate-crashed the party and threw his name into the mix to box The Gypsy King next. Fury retorted by agreeing to throw down with The Juggernaut at Wembley following the historic contest with Usyk, which looks set to take place on April 29. And now, it appears those plans could come to fruition providing both men win in the spring - despite recent speculation of Fury facing ex-UFC star Francis Ngannou in a boxing-MMA hybrid fight. In his latest column on the Queensbury Promotions website, Warren wrote: “Our big hope, of course, is that the Juggernaut remains on a collision course with Tyson Fury and a big summer date at Wembley. That is the plan if Tyson takes all the titles from Oleksandr Usyk and Joe does the business on April 15 in Stratford.” “Joe’s WBO Interim world title will be on the line, so it is a golden opportunity for Zhang to gatecrash the heavyweight party and force himself into the reckoning to take on the full champions,” he added. Whether this will be possible given the sanctioning body rotation system is another thing. The WBO, which Joyce is mandatory for are behind the WBA and IBF in the current pecking order for a shot at the emerging undisputed champion. MORE BOXING NEWS... Usyk behind Joshua decision to pick Franklin for return fight Jones sets aside Eubank coaching duties to fight ex-UFC champ Pettis Joshua under more 'pressure' in next fight as past comment dug up There is also the issue of a rematch clause being signed into the Fury vs Usyk contract which could add further delays to the Joyce proposal. Although this is yet to be officially confirmed, Warren recently revealed that there will more than likely be a second fight added to the deal. Speaking to talkSPORT back in December, he said: “I’m not sure. I mean we haven’t got into that, but I probably think there would be [a rematch clause] because, God forbid, one of them gets a cut eye or anything goes wrong – anything can happen in boxing as we know -then there would be.” “The four belts are on the line, and the winner gets them. If there is a rematch I don’t think then the four belts will be on the line for it cause I don’t think the governing bodies will allow it. I think they’ll just say ‘right, you’ve got to get on with your mandatories now.'”