The percentage of A&E arrivals waiting both over four hours and 12 hours for treatment decreased between January and December. Ambulance crews also responded to calls significantly faster. While cause for optimism, these national averages mask the shocking situations patients find themselves in at many hospitals. Express.co.uk has developed a tool so you can see how long waiting times are in your area.    Just under two million people attended A&E wards in England in January. Of these, 42,735 faced a delay of over 12 hours from the decision to admit to admission. Although this is a marked fall from the 54,532 figure in December – suggesting the NHS crisis may be easing – this is still the third-highest total since records began 20 years ago and over is more than double that of January 2022. The NHS waiting list swelled to just over seven million in December, with just 58 percent stuck on it for fewer than 18 weeks, far below the 92 percent target. Of the 110 reporting trusts with a major type-one A&E department, none achieved the 95 percent four-hour treatment target. The emergency care system has been under intense pressure this winter, but some areas have been impacted more severely than others.READ MORE: Scotland's scheme treating alcoholics with regular top-ups of booze  Across NHS England, in January an average of 58 percent of A&E attendances were dealt with within four hours. Sheffield Children's NHS Foundation Trust was found to be the best performer, with 89.2 percent below the threshold. On the other end of the scale, Barking, Havering And Redbridge University Hospitals NHS Trust was found to have the lowest proportion of patients seen within four hours, at just 32.2 percent. Contacted for comment, the trust submitted the latest board report by CEO Matthew Trainer, which addresses some of the issues potentially behind this unfortunate accolade. He said: "Across our hospitals there are typically up to 140 patients who are medically fit to discharge each day and about half of them experience delays." See how long waits are at your local hospital by entering your postcode into the search box below…  DON'T MISS: Brexit Britain's 3 scenarios for a future relationship with EU [INSIGHT]People 'afraid' and 'all frowning' in England's 'worst place to live' [REPORT]Camilla subject to torrent of abuse after testing positive for Covid [REACTION]Soviet Russia's chilling plan to take West to war and capture Europe [REVEAL]  Ambulance crews are also beginning to fare better. Despite still being far short of NHS targets, they reached heart attack and stroke victims an hour quicker on average in January (32 minutes) than in December (1 hour 32 minutes). Response times for Category 1 calls –  those for life-threatening injuries – were down to eight and a half minutes in January from just under 11 the previous month. The target for those calls is seven minutes. The countrywide picture is also varied. South Western Ambulance Service had the longest response time for Category 1 calls at nine minutes 45 seconds on average, whereas North East Ambulance Service had the shortest at seven minutes seven seconds. NHS Chief Executive Amanda Pritchard said: “The NHS has faced unprecedented pressure this winter – with the ‘twindemic’ of flu and COVID becoming a reality, alongside surging demand for all services, from GP appointments to A&E attendances and ambulance call-outs. “Our extensive planning ahead of winter has helped to boost capacity – from extra 111 and 999 call handlers to new falls services and more beds – and we now aim to build on that progress to help speed up care and improve the experiences of patients.”   