Taylor Sheridan’s new Yellowstone prequel 1923 is fast approaching its first season finale, with more secrets about the Duttons’ family history to be revealed in the confirmed second outing. While Jack Dutton’s (played by Darren Mann) newlywed wife Elizabeth Strafford (Michelle Randolph) prepares to welcome their first child, the actress has admitted she’s still unsure if she’ll be revealed as the grandmother of original rancher John Dutton (Kevin Costner). Series regular Randolph has revealed she’s just as baffled by the Dutton family tree as Yellowstone’s millions of fans. Since the original series began back in 2018, viewers have been curious about how John’s successful ranching dynasty came to be. Last year’s prequel 1883 introduced fans to two of the first Duttons, though their connection to the modern family was left ambiguous. Now the first season of 1923 is almost over, fans are no closer to tracing the family lineage from Jacob (Harrison Ford) and Cara Dutton (Helen Mirren) to the present day. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal “We all go back and forth on what we think is going to happen,” Randolph said. “But [Sheridan] likes to keep us on our toes. We’re just as confused as everyone else.” For now, the showrunner is keeping the answers close to his chest regarding John’s grandparents. Two couples have emerged as the most likely contenders during the new Yellowstone spin-off so far. Jacob’s nephew Jack has remained dedicated to the ranch in Montana and is doing his level best to prepare for the birth of his first child with Elizabeth. Meanwhile, his brother Spencer (Brandon Sklenar) is desperate to get back home and is also expecting a baby with his runaway bride Alexandra (Julia Schlaepfer). As fans already know, nothing is ever easy for the Duttons when it comes to protecting their loved ones. The death of Spencer and Jack’s brother John Sr (James Badge Dale) during a brutal shootout has already put fans on edge and any one of the Duttons could be next. DON'T MISS:Magnum PI star teases ‘backstory exposed’ after major death [INSIGHT]The Equalizer’s Mel star ‘had a bone to pick’ over Robyn fallout [INTERVIEW]Law and Order SVU gives huge update on fan-favourite character [LATEST] However, it’s all but guaranteed that at least one of the new arrivals will survive and eventually grow up to become John’s mother or father. “I would love for this theory to be correct,” Randolph teased Town and Country about Elizabeth potentially being John’s grandmother. “Then I could win the fun, joking argument that we all have with each other. We like to debate what we think.” Despite working on the prequel for several months - with another block of filming for season two on the way - the cast are still unsure how exactly the Dutton family tree lines up. Randolph’s co-star Dale joked: “Harrison and I would be like, ‘I think we’re related, I don’t know how.' We all need a flow chart.” More should be revealed in the second season, about which she added: “Thank goodness we have a season two. “I’m happy about it, and I think everyone else will be as well. There’s a lot of loose ends to tie up.” With the finale coming up this week and Yellowstone’s fifth season returning in the summer, there’s plenty more Dutton drama to come even if the stars and fans are still unsure how it all adds up. 1923 season 1 concludes Sunday, February 26 on Paramount+ in the USA and the following Monday in the UK.