Emmerdale fans have grown suspicious of Caleb Miligan (played by Will Ash) since he arrived just in time to help Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) get released from prison. The newcomer's legal team is also helping the mechanic's son, Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) after he shot Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). The duo have clashed several times, with Cain even threatening to kill his half-brother. However, in the latest episode, things took an unexpected turn, when Cain offered Caleb and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) an olive branch by inviting them to lunch. As the brothers sat and had a beer together, Caleb said: "It's a shame Chas couldn't make it. "It'll be a force to be reckoned with if we all got together." READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future "Maybe one day," Cain replied. "Another beer?" "I thought you'd never ask," Caleb continued as Cain went off to get another drink. However, as Caleb pulled out his phone, he read a text from a mystery person. The text message simply asked: "Update?" It is unclear who the text was from, but Caleb looked suspicious as he put his phone back in his pocket. Caleb, Cain and Moira (Natalie J Robb) then headed to The Woolpack to meet Charity and Mackenzie (Lawrence Robb) for a drink. Charity proceeded to explain she and Mack had set a date for their wedding. Fans have taken to social media to share their thoughts on the upcoming storyline. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley’s Catherine Cawood ‘confirms’ death with parting words  [INSIGHT[Happy Valley's Neil Ackroyd star teases 'extraordinary' final episode [VIDEO]Emmerdale's beloved couple torn apart as boss confirms split [SPOILERS] Many seem to think Cain has rumbled his brother's true identity when he was sitting in Caleb's car with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) Others have shared their theories about who Caleb was on the phone to. Margery Orpe said on a Facebook fan page: "Caleb is going to trip up and Cain will realise something is not right that’s my version." Marie Dawson replied: "Totally agree. I think Cain may have already found something in Caleb's car last night. Funny he was in the car on his own then wanted to become friends." (sic) Davi Wood went on to add: "Agree totally! Cain is a stubborn man, would never change THAT much!" (sic) "Is Moira in on whatever TF Cain is up to with Caleb because I sure as hell didn't expect to see Moira making up with Chas," user @1stLadyHooligan asked. While @realgmg67 added: "Cain, knows what Caleb, does! #Emmerdale." Some fans believe Caleb is working with Joe Tate (Ned Porteous), with @BovaryCee tweeting: "He has to be working for someone wanting revenge on Cain. I would love to see Joe Tate come back. #Emmerdale." Kim Ellis predicted: "I think Caleb is working with Joe Tate, both out to get Cain & Kim." (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.