The UK is set to rejoin a crucial EU science programme after breakthrough Brexit talks. Scientists across the country had been barred from accessing critical funding from Horizon Europe, with the Northern Ireland deal being a sticking point over the country's participation in the £84billion scheme. Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, announced that the UK will soon be able to rejoin after the EU chief and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak reached a "decisive breakthrough" after striking a deal over the Northern Ireland Protocol. Despite negotiating the UK's entry into Horizon Europe, offering scientists access to prestigious grants and opportunities for collaboration with peers from other countries, the EU had blocked the UK from it until its dispute over Northern Ireland had been smoothed over. Earlier today, Mr Sunak and Ms von der Leyen, finalised the agreement on post-Brexit trading arrangements for Northern Ireland during a summit at Windsor after months of painstaking negotiations. Responding to questions about Horizon Europe during the joint press conference, the EU President said: "Yes this Windsor framework is good news for scientists and researchers in the European Union and in the UK. Mr Sunak: "I’d also just add to that, there’s a range of different areas that we can cooperate productively on, and the President and I started when we first met. "But if you look at how we responded to the situation in Ukraine, that’s required very close coordination on things like sanctions policy, which the president has led and we’ve worked very closely together on that. "Also energy security more broadly, given the interconnected nature of our energy market. Climate change is another area, and indeed illegal migration. These are all the types of things that we can continue to make good progress on working together to the benefit of all of the communities that we represent, and I look forward to doing that with President von der Leyen." READ MORE: Sunak urged to rejoin £84bn EU scheme as 70% firms plot UK exodus Dr Daniel Rathbone, Assistant Director, Campaign for Science and Engineering (CaSE), said: “The UK’s science relationship with the EU has been ‘on ice’ for the last few years, with the UK’s association to Horizon Europe stalled pending resolution of the Northern Ireland Protocol (NIP) negotiations. "Therefore, I am thrilled that President von der Leyen said that today’s NIP agreement is ‘good news for scientists and researchers across the UK and EU’ and that work can start on association immediately, once the NIP deal is implemented. "Negotiators should now press to associate the UK to Horizon Europe as soon as possible. UK and EU scientists are ready to go with collaborations and projects that will be of great benefit to people and businesses across the UK and Europe. “There are likely to be issues to be resolved around the UK's financial contribution because the programme is now two years old, but these are very solvable, especially with renewed goodwill on both sides.” Horizon lets researchers apply for prestigious EU grants and facilitates collaboration with European scientists who work on projects of all kinds, from climate change studies to quantum mechanics and AI. As part of the 2020 post-Brexit deal, Britain planned to contribute £15billion over a seven-year period to the flagship innovation programme. British scientists have been desperately waiting for over two years for the UK to be let back into this programme, allowing them to access prestigious grants and collaborate with European partners. Dr Mark Downs, Chief Executive, Royal Society of Biology (RSB), said: “The Royal Society of Biology is delighted to hear a statement at the press conference in Windsor that the door is now open for Horizon association discussions. "This is something the scientific community has been hoping and advocating for. We now seek clarity on next steps as a matter of urgency – the Government needs to secure the potential of UK science with international collaboration and the development of research environments in which it can thrive.” DON'T MISS: EDF's reactor for first nuclear plant in the UK arrives by ship [INSIGHT] ‘Forbidden’ planet whose existence violates scientific theory found [REPORT] Northern Lights to make spectacular showing over UK skies tonight [REVEAL] Experts have also warned that Britain's exclusion from this scheme threatens to undermine the Government's plan to turn the UK into a "science superpower". Last June, the EU Commission leveraged funds that were meant to go towards British scientists, by issuing an ultimatum to the 143 researchers who were promised grants under the programme. The European Research Council (ERC), which is the bloc’s main research funding agency, told the UK-based applicants that those who were promised grants must move to the EU, or a Horizon-associated country, within two months or else be replaced by other applicants. As a result, ERC grants for 115 UK-based researchers were terminated after they refused to move to a Horizon-affiliated country, while at least 19 researchers decided to leave the UK.  Meanwhile, without access to Horizon Europe, world-renowned universities like Oxford and Cambridge also faced a significant lack of funding over the past few years. Under a previous scheme, known as Horizon 2020, Cambridge University recieved €483million (£433million). However, it has not received any funding in the first two years of the new Horizon Europe programme. Oxford University, which was awarded €523million (£466) from the earlier programme has only been given €2million (£1.78million) to date through Horizon Europe. Meanwhile, University College London received €412million (£367million) through the earlier scheme, but only has netted €4million (£3.57million) through the latest programme. Imperial College London got as much as €323 million (£288million) under Horizon 2020. Now its funding has been slashed to just €641,000 (£571,000). Lastly, the University of Edinburgh’s €271million (£241million) pile of awarded cash has sunk to just €310,000 (£276,000) under Horizon Europe.