People in England and Scotland who are successfully reassessed could get back payments as far back as when the current band system was set up, in 1993. People in England in particular may want to check if they should be in a lower band as many councils are increasing their rates by five percent in April. A woman called Frances called the BBC Martin Lewis Podcast to share her success story checking her council tax a couple of years ago. She decided to challenge her band, using two steps recommended by Mr Lewis, as her property was identical to her neighbour, yet she was in Band D and her neighbour was in Band C, meaning she was paying more in council tax. She was confident the two properties should be in the same band as they were built by the same builder. Frances, who is blind, asked her neighbour Mark to make some queries about getting her tax band reassessed. READ MORE: Martin Lewis’ 'spot on' alert sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 She said: “He wrote a letter and he actually spoke to somebody. They said we’d got a very good chance of doing it. I think it took about six weeks, maybe a little bit longer, and I got £3,500 back.” Mr Lewis said after hearing her story: “Wonderful news, thank you so much for telling us that. They’re not always as smooth as that.” The founder of MoneySavingExpert urged listeners to make sure they follow two steps before challenging their council tax band. The first step is to compare the property to neighbours with a similar property nearby, to see if they are in a lower band. There is no need to talk to one’s neighbours to find this out, as a person can check online through the Valuation Office Agency website for a property in England and Wales, and through the Scottish Assessors Association website for a home in Scotland. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]Tax code 1257L explained as some Britons could be paying more [EXPLAINED] Council tax bands in Wales were reassessed in 2003, while Northern Ireland has a different system, with the equivalent to council tax taken through the rates system. People who discover similar properties to theirs are in a lower band may be tempted to then ask for their band to be reassessed, but Mr Lewis cautioned listeners to do “absolutely nothing” until they have completed the second step. This involves finding out the value of the person’s property when the band system was set up. This can be done by taking the current value of the property and then using a calculator to work out what it would have been worth back then. There are several tools available online to do this. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak ‘needs to worry’ about raising tax rate to 25% If both these steps indicate a person is in too high a band, they can then contact the relevant authority to ask for their tax band to be reevaluated. This second check is important as a person needs to be sure their council tax band is too high and they are overpaying council tax. Otherwise, there is the risk that when their council tax band is reassessed, it may be deemed their band is correct but their neighbours are in too low a band, and they will be moved up. This may cause some unwanted friction between neighbours and defeat the purpose of the exercise. Frances said she was bemused that most of the homes on her street were in Band C despite some of the houses being terraced while others were detached. Mr Lewis explained: “Remember that the bands are broad. You could be at the top of the band and they could be at the bottom of the band, and you could still both be in the same band.” A whole street may be moved into a different band off the back of someone asking for their property to be reassessed, so a person needs to be confident they should be put in a lower band. Another person wrote in to the podcast, Pam, who said she got her council tax band reassessed in 2008 after listening to Martin Lewis. She was moved from Band D to Band C and received a refund of almost £2,000. Councils in England have been given permission to raise council tax by up to five percent in the new tax year in April, without having a referendum on the issue. Many have said they will raise the tax by the full amount. The Martin Lewis Podcast is available on Wednesdays on BBC Sounds.