 2023 was supposed to be a year of disaster for the UK economy. The International Monetary Fund recently warned that it faces the slowest growth rate of all the advanced economies in the G7. Yet suddenly our stock market is top of the world. The FTSE 100 did well last year, rising one percent while almost every other stock market in the world, including the mighty US, crashed and burned. This year it has done even better. It is up an impressive 6.07 percent year-to-date and has just broken through the 8,000 barrier for the first time in its history. That’s no mean feat, given that the world is on the brink of recession as energy prices soar, the war in Ukraine drags on, and China only just reopens after its extreme Covid lockdowns. The FTSE 100 has underperformed for years, as global investors fixated on fast-growing US technology stocks like Amazon, Apple, Tesla and the rest. Now it's back with a bang.  Last year, New York’s Nasdaq tech index plummeted by a third. Fast-growing tech companies can no longer rely on dirt-cheap borrowing to fund their expansion, as inflation and interest rates rocket. So they're falling instead. Investors sought a safe haven from last year's volatility and despite the UK's many troubles, that's what the FTSE 100 offers, says Jason Hollands, managing director of investment fund platform Bestinvest. The index includes oil giants BP and Shell, which benefited as energy prices rocketed, and big banks like Barclays and Lloyds, whose profits surged as higher interest rates boosted their margins. The FTSE 100 also contains defensive sectors like consumer staples, healthcare, alcohol and tobacco, that prove resilient in tougher economic times, Hollands added. "Consumers still buy everyday items like bleach, shampoo, medicine, beer and tobacco in a recession. Household goods giant Unilever, pharmaceutical firm AstraZeneca, spirits maker Diageo and British American Tobacco reaped the rewards." Another reason FTSE 100 stocks are in demand is that they pay shareholders some of the most generous dividends in the world, with an anticipated yield of four percent this year. “That compares to just 2.3 percent on global equities as a whole, and 3.4 percent on 10-year UK gilts. It gives the FTSE 100 a real edge.” The index has one more trick up its sleeve. It is a highly international market, with companies listed on the index generating almost 80 percent of their revenues from outside the UK. So even if the UK slips, the FTSE 100 can still soar. So what should Isa and pension savers do? READ MORE: Four words would let Jeremy Hunt boost pensions, save NHS and cut tax    Many will be celebrating their good fortune, as the value of their portfolios will have increased as a result of the FTSE 100's success. This is particularly good news for pensioners who left their retirement savings invested via drawdown. Perhaps the most surprising thing about the FTSE 100’s recent success is that valuations still look “compellingly cheap”, Hollands says. “Shares on the index stand at a staggering 32 percent discount to global equity markets, which is the widest in decades.” Many who have shunned the FTSE 100 in recent years may now want to take a fresh look, he adds. Hollands says a simple and low-cost way to gain exposure to large UK companies is through an index-tracking fund like the iShares Core FTSE 100 Core UCITS ETF, which has a tiny 0.07 percent annual charge. Or consider actively managed UK equity funds Liontrust UK Growth and Blackrock UK Income. As ever with shares, there are no guarantees. The FTSE 100 could easily fall back if the economic news gets worse. Never invest in the stock market for periods of less than five years, and spread your risk across different regions and sectors, as well as other asset classes such as cash, bonds, property and gold. But don't ignore the FTSE 100. Investors who did that are kicking themselves today. 