It could not have been easy leading the country for eight years through the covid pandemic, against Boris Johnson’s Brexit and during the bitter fall-out with her predecessor and mentor Alex Salmond. The biggest disappointment of all for Ms Sturgeon, and for the SNP, will have been the realisation that their goal of independence is as far away today as it was in the wake of the 55 to 45 percent referendum defeat in September 2014. That, in short, is what her resignation means. I have been a journalist covering Scottish politics for about as long as Nicola Sturgeon has been a politician. At 52 years of age she said only recently that she had “plenty left in the tank”. Although I have a few more years of stride I felt the same and a few months ago I left the Westminster lobby to become a prospective Labour candidate in the Western Isles, which is where I hail from. In the few weeks since being endorsed as Labour’s choice for the Na h-Eileanan an Iar constituency I have been struck by the number of well-wishers approaching me on the street. Of course people would wish a local island boy well but the common theme when I was stopped by voters in supermarket aisles was how they all emphasised it was “time for a change”. In the Western Isles I had expected the number one topic to be ferries, or the lack of them. The two CalMac ferry hulls on the Clyde, over-budget and incomplete, have become an international symbol of the failure of nationalism in Scotland - the ability to promise diamonds matched by the competence to deliver rust. But the issue which crystallised dissatisfaction with Nicola Sturgeon, and it was personal, was the controversial gender reform bill passed through the Scottish parliament, challenged by the Westminster government and almost every woman and man I spoke to. Increasingly isolated from internal critics on this issue and many others, Nicola Sturgeon misread public opinion on gender reform and instead of seeking compromise with opponents she went on the attack. In that respect she displayed what was always her biggest failing as a politician. In the wake of the 2014 referendum, respected and riding high, Ms Sturgeon had the opportunity to bring together a wounded nation. Instead she chose to deepen constitutional divisions, driving either side of the independence debate deeper into trenches from which they have not moved. As a result no consensus can be found in Scottish politics on any other policy issue - from the widening attainment gap in schools to the rotten ferry service to the islands. Her legacy, viewed on her resignation day, is that she failed to move the independence debate on and worse still she failed to move Scotland on. Ms Sturgeon is often hailed as a great communicator. Her brand is built on authenticity and it is true that whenever as a journalist you asked her a direct question she invariably gave a direct answer. The trouble, as we discovered over weary years, was that the answers boiled down to one answer - it was all Westminster’s fault. This duality, appearing to be a straight-talking politician while failing to take responsibility for the many policy areas her government directly controls, finally caught up with the First Minister and the SNP. As an otherwise formidable politician, Ms Sturgeon may have had her antennae shorn when it came to judging the public mood on gender reform. But even in her fortress she was able to detect what I was able to pick up in weeks of speaking to Scottish voters - there is a mood in the air for change. That message kept coming back so often that it began to feel as if the popularity of the SNP was at the top of a slide which could accelerate downhill quite rapidly. Ever an astute operator, Nicola Sturgeon got off the sledge at the top of the hill. She departs on her own terms and I wish her well, safe in the knowledge that whoever her successor is as SNP leader will not be her match. Torcuil Crichton is the former political editor of the Daily Record now Labour candidate for the Western Isles.