A driver caused the death of a great-grandmother in a crash after a broken traffic light distracted him, a court heard. Ronald Maloney's Ford Galaxy was stationary at a junction, which had a red traffic light diagonally opposite him. There was another ahead of him, and a filter light to his left. However, due to wind or a knock from another vehicle, the filter light to his left had turned 90 degrees so it was facing Maloney directly. A court heard the filter light turned green, so Maloney proceeded forward believing that was the light he was meant to follow. Maloney’s vehicle collided with an Audi A3 in which 93-year-old Margaret Hardacre, was a passenger. She was rushed to hospital with a perforated bowel and died three days later on December 7. Joan Cosgrove, Ms Hardacre's daughter, was driving the car at the time, and has been diagnosed with PTSD since the accident. Judge Paul Healey sentenced Maloney a community order for 12 months, and was ordered to complete 120 hours of unpaid work. He was also disqualified from driving for 12 months and ordered to pay a £95 victim surcharge and £215 in costs. Five members of the family of the victim appeared in the room, as well as the defendant's wife, Liverpool Echo reports. District Judge Paul Healey said: "There is nothing I can do or say that can even begin to reflect the immeasurable loss to the family of Margaret Hardacre. "Whilst in no way comparing to the loss suffered by the family of Margaret Hardacre, I do accept that this incident has had a profound impact on you."   Maloney, from Crosby, Merseyside, admitted causing death by careless driving. Leanne Kennedy, prosecuting, said the crash happened in nearby Bootle on December 4, 2021, after the light had "blown around in the wind". She added: "There was a traffic light not for Mr Maloney’s line of traffic which had blown around in the wind. "That was a filter light which was showing to turn right but obviously Mr Maloney was going straight on. “That traffic light wasn’t for him." Liverpool Magistrates' Court heard another person, Keith Kiernan, suffered injury to his back, shoulder and muffled hearing after Maloney’s vehicle landed on his car's bonnet. Maloney showed extreme remorse and made "full and frank admissions" to police but the tragedy has left Ms Hardacre's family heartbroken. In a victim personal statement written by Ms Cosgrove, she described the "incomprehensible pain I suffer every day" since the loss of the "bedrock of our family who can never be replaced." She said: "My mother was 93 at the time, but despite her age, she had many more years to live. "I wake every day to the image of my mum slumped like a rag doll in the passenger seat. I was the person who convinced her to leave the house that day, I was the person driving the car - I was responsible for her safety."  Ms Cosgrove added: “I cry almost every single day and I am often so depressed I am unable to do anything with my days. I have not been able to drive a vehicle since the day of the accident." Jim Smith, defending, said this accident only occurred because of the broken traffic light, and a “perfect storm of conditions” led to the tragedy. He said: “There is no replacement for the incalculable loss and immeasurable bereavement that has been suffered by the family in this case. “He knows he can never replace the loss and hurt that has been suffered by the family. He has of course borne the scars of that incident and will continue to do so for the rest of his life." Mr Smith added: “He was momentarily and fatally distracted by that broken traffic light. This was clearly an accident waiting to happen, and unfortunately, the perfect storm with the broken traffic light, the weather, and of course the clearing of Dunnings Bridge road, meant the chances of an accident like that happening were high. “On his behalf, this has been a complete and utter nightmare to him.” 