A waitress working at a trendy Melbourne restaurant was left stunned after receiving a generous $10,000 (£5,692) tip from a group of four. Lauren, who served the group at the Gilson in Melbourne's South Yarra on Saturday afternoon, told the businessman paying that the 23 servers share tips at the restaurant. Upon hearing this, the businessman said he'd only leave a tip if the university student got 70 percent of it, or $7,000.   Servers working alongside Lauren said she burst into tears when she realised the sum she had been tipped. As it was happening, Lauren told 7NEWS she couldn’t believe her eyes. She said: “I made them say the number out loud, because I thought, what if I have just gotten too excited and I’ve stupidly read an extra zero, or something like that.” “I keep going over it again and again in my head. The actual experience of it happening, second by second, was surreal and amazing.” READ MORE: Liverpool fans set off early fireworks outside Real Madrid hotel  The student added that she was not sure if she would be allowed to accept such a large tip. While tips are usually split between the 23 servers in the restaurant, the customer specifically requested that $7,000 go directly to Lauren and $3,000 be distributed between the remaining staff. The tipper is believed to be a young, self-made cryptocurrency businessman who owns more than $120million of property in Toorak, Victoria. Lauren added: “I am just extremely grateful, to know that they thought that much of my service is amazing.” Another waitress, also named Lauren, revealed that staff at the Gilson were in “pure shock” for half an hour after the group left. DON'T MISSFootball news LIVE: Man Utd takeover latest, Chelsea make Potter call [LIVE]Putin has taken 'all necessary decisions' should West enter war [INSIGHT]Huge earthquake of 6.4 magnitude hits Turkey weeks after quake [REVEAL]  She told the Herald Sun: “Lauren's a great waitress and it's a wealthy area, that has to be taken that into consideration. “We have high net worth customers and hatted restaurants next door. “And the tipper was a successful businessman.” Gilson owner Jamie McBride was ecstatic that his staff received extra recognition. He said: “(It's) very pleasing, it makes the team feel really special when they're acknowledged, especially when no one's ever expecting anything like that.”  