Filming has begun in Cornholme, North of Manchester for dark thriller Passengers, which is written by star of Better and Broadchurch, Andrew Buchan. Passenger will premiere on streaming service ITVX before airing on ITV1, and leading the drama is Loki star Wunmi Mosaku. Best known for her roles in Damilola, Our Loved Boy and Lovecraft Country, the Nigerian-British actress will star as Former Met Police Detective Riya Ajunwa. She'll be joined by David Threlfall, known for roles in Shameless and Funny Woma, as Jim Bracknell. After arriving in northern village Chadder Vale five years ago, Former Met Police Detective Riya Ajunwa has been searching for that "one big crime" and challenge to make her feel alive again. Then, one-night local girl, Katie Wells is mysteriously abducted. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation Her car is found abandoned and there are traces of blood on the seats. But the village barely has time to register Katie’s disappearance before she reappears the next day, safe and sound. The rest of the villagers ask few questions and life resumes as normal. But for Riya, a relative outsider to the Chadder Vale way of life, none of this sits right. As a series of strange happenings and increasingly horrific crimes start unfolding within the village, the residents start resorting to short-sighted theories and blaming outside influences. Riya fights hard to convince the villagers that all is not as it seems but before long she is drawn into a universe unlike anything she has ever seen. Wunmi will also be joined by Call the Midwife star Ella Bruccoleri as Ali Day while Rowan Robinson stars as missing girl Katie Wells. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford begs Loose women co-star not to leave show [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly's return confirmed after ITV host misses third show [LATEST]Coronation Street history to repeat itself for Abi Franklin [SPOILER] Further casting includes Daniel Ryan as Derek Jackson, Barry Sloane as Eddie Wells, and Nico Mirallegro as Kane Jackson. Fresh from his Coronation Street exit, Jack James Ryan will star as John Trowbridge alongside Matilda Freeman as Lilly Wells. Passenger is executive produced by Lucy Dyke and and Simon Maloney for Northern Sister and Jane Featherstone for SISTER. Andrew Buchan is creator, writer and associate producer for SISTER in association with Northern Sister. With filming already underway, viewers may not have too long to wait until it hits the small screen.