Liverpool’s season stooped to a new low on Tuesday night as Real Madrid battered them 5-2 at Anfield. But while Jurgen Klopp has overseen a nightmare campaign this term, there’s reportedly still no appetite for him to be sacked among the board. And that speaks volumes, with the Reds aware of just how indebted they are to the German despite their woes worsening. Liverpool had gone into the game with Real Madrid hoping to take a giant leap towards the Champions League quarter-finals. And they got off to the best possible start, with goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah giving them a 2-0 lead. Unfortunately for Liverpool, that would be as good as it got. Real turned the tide, with braces from Vinicius Jr and Karim Benzema - as well as a goal from Eder Militao - giving them a crucial win. It was a terrible night at the office for Klopp and his side, who now look set to end the campaign without a trophy. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But the Daily Mail claim there’s still ‘no potential for a sacking’, with Klopp instead set to carry on. And that says it all about the German and everything he’s achieved at the club throughout his reign so far. At any other club, Klopp would likely be facing a parting of the ways given everything that’s gone wrong. But Liverpool know the 55-year-old will be vital for their future when they eventually rebuild the squad, something that’s certainly much-needed. When Klopp walked in the door back in 2015, he inherited a club desperate for the glory days to return. Liverpool had struggled under Brendan Rodgers, toiling having finished second in the table in the 2013/2014 season. But in came Klopp, with his big smile and charm, to re-awaken a sleeping giant after years of lying down. He guided them to Champions League glory back in 2019, masterminding a 2-0 win over Tottenham in the final having lost 3-1 to Real Madrid 12 months previously. The Premier League title would follow in 2020, with the Reds finally landing the trophy they craved the most. And, just last season, Klopp steered Liverpool to FA Cup and EFL Cup victories. Sacking Klopp would be the wrong decision, something the board seem to be fully aware of. And whether the German can get the Reds fully firing again, with the matches coming thick and fast, remains to be seen. Speaking after the defeat to Real, meanwhile, Klopp slammed Liverpool for the way they performed during the contest. "Everything was pretty obvious," Klopp said. "We gave all five goals away. All five. It means we could have done better there. But they were obviously all different. "The start of the game, in our situation, where we are, it’s really important that we see positive steps. “I think the first half, besides the two goals we conceded, was the best we had played, probably in the whole season. I liked that a lot. "The two goals we have to defend better. For the second it’s clear we can defend better. It’s slapstick, they equalise pretty much like the second goal we scored. "The first goal we concede we have to defend better. We have enough players around, nobody puts a foot in. It’s very tight and it’s just a world-class moment from Vinicius as well."