Within the last year, the Bank of England has increased the nation’s base rate ten consecutive times in a bid to control inflation. Interest rates have risen as a result, which has been a boon for savers but detrimental for homeowners and people with debt repayments. Despite today’s inflation figures suggesting the economy is slowly improving, Britons are being warned the UK is “not in a position” to stop increasing the base rate. Among the experts sharing their concern on this issue is Stephen Sillars, the savings editor at Chip, who highlighted the “delicate balance” between inflation and interest rates. He explained: “The UK needs to get a handle on inflation so it’s not really in a position to stop raising interest rates. “But, the Bank of England can’t ignore the fact this may push the economy into more of a downturn than already predicted. It’s a delicate balance.” READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Mr Sillars is one of nine out of 11 financial experts who believe that the base rate will continue to rise further in 2023, as part of finder.com’s expert panel. Some 45 percent of the experts polled have predicted that the base rate will sit at 4.25 percent by the end of 2023. Furthermore, two out of 11 shared that they think interest rates could be raised to 4.5 percent by the year’s end. However, another two panellists forecast that the rate will remain at four percent and the final two experts predict staggering hikes of five percent and 5.50 percent, respectively. The Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate for January 2023 was confirmed by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) to be 10.1 percent. This is the consecutive month that the rate has dropped, however inflation remains in double figures. To mitigate the damage inflicted on the economy, the central bank has boosted the base rate, which is the rate at which the Bank of England charges other banks for borrowing money. Despite this intervention, raising interest rates comes with its own drawbacks, namely an increase in the mortgage and debt repayments of many households. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing When panellists were asked if the bank should lower rates to encourage growth and borrowing, six of the panellists said this would be their ideal approach. David Hollingsworth, an associate director at L&C Mortgages, shared this train of thought and determined that “reaching the peak of rate rises sooner rather than later should help borrowers adjust to the new rate environment and how it impacts them”. Jon Ostler, the CEO at finder.com, added: “With a weak economy and employment market there is a real danger of overdoing monetary tightening and we could end up in between a rock and a hard place”. However, four of the panellists believe the opposite and consider a more hawkish approach as necessary due to the circumstances. Dr Luciano Rispoli, a senior lecturer at the University of Surrey, explained: “The large inflationary shock experienced in 2022 can only be counteracted by aggressive hawkish BoE monetary policy actions." Giles Coghlan, a chief market analyst at HYCM, described this action as the “best thing to do” for the country. He explained: “The head says grind inflation into the ground and raise interest rates hawkishly. “However, the heart says go a bit easy as people are struggling and many people striking are only doing so as they can’t meet basic needs.”