As well as making a home feel cold, draughty windows can lead to higher energy bills, due to needing the heating on more often, or at a higher temperature. To identify whether or not draughts are coming from windows, look for cold spots around the frame, and condensation between the panes of glass. Once homeowners have identified which windows are draughty, they can then get to work protecting them. The experts at Checkatrade explained: “There are two types of weather stripping to choose from including metal/plastic strips with brushes attached as well as self-adhesive foam strips. “The latter is cheaper but may not last as long as plastic or metal strips. The key to the installation is to make sure the strip is the right size to fill the gap in your window. “If it’s too big it will get stuck in the window. If it’s too small then there will still be a gap.” Weatherstrips can be picked up cheaply from retailers such as Screwfix or Amazon for as little as £5, depending on how much is needed. READ MORE: Exact date you should start mowing your lawn after winter Caulking to seal any gaps or cracks is a “simple” process which involves filing any areas needed around the window’s frame. The experts said: “This will help to insulate and seal the windows better, preventing them from letting cold air in. There are different types of caulk available, so make sure you check the label to get the right one. “For example, if you’re caulking a window in a humid room, you will need to buy a caulk that’s mould-resistant and waterproof.” Then, make sure to apply it correctly by first removing any old caulk from the window frames using a putty knife if it doesn’t fall away. DON'T MISS:Two natural ingredients to ‘brighten’ and ‘clean’ laundry [COMMENT]3 gardening ‘mistakes’ which ‘knock thousands’ off your home’s value [INSIGHT]Four easy steps to achieve sparkling’ and ‘streak-free’ windows [EXPLAINER] Next, prepare the surface by removing any dirt and repairing any damage. The pros added: “Put the tube into the caulk gun and cut the tip of the tube at a 45 degree angle. “Press the tip against the window firmly and apply the caulk in a continuous bead, do this on all sides. Smooth over the sealant and remove any excess, you can use a rag over your finger for this before letting it dry.” Caulk can be purchased for as little as £1 and is available in stores like Wickes, Screwfix and Toolstation. Window insulation film is a great way to stop heat from being lost through windows and according to Safestyle UK, this number is around 18 percent of the total heat within a home. READ MORE: Kitchen pro shares how to optimise kitchen storage for free To apply window insulation, clean the windows and surrounding area before making sure your windows are locked and applying the tape to the window frames. The experts continued: “The tape will need to be in a straight line and on the edge of all of the frames. Rub down the tape to make sure it’s secure and then remove the backing. “Take out the window film and start attaching it to the tape from the top down, trim the excess tape off and use a hairdryer to shrink the film and remove the wrinkles. “If you don’t have experience, or it comes unstuck, then we recommend hiring a professional to make sure it’s installed properly.” Window insulation film can be purchased for as little as £5 from stores such as Wickes, depending on how much is needed. Adding thick curtains is a great way of keeping the heat inside during the winter months and the heat out during the summer. During the winter months, make sure to keep them shut when the sun sets, and open when there is daylight to make the most of the sun, if there is any. Checkatrade pros added: “Not only are they functional, but they can be stylish too and match your decor. Plus, it can give you some much-needed privacy. “If you’re going to attempt to draught-proof your windows yourself then you need to make sure you’re sealing them correctly. If you get it wrong, you could end up with some expensive issue. Windows that aren’t sealed correctly can cause water damage, mould growth and will still continue to have a draught - which defeats the object in the first place.”