A doctor has revealed one of her "most interesting" cases she has seen and it involves a four-year-old developing excruciating ear pain at a BBQ. Dr Martin, a mother-of-four from Florida, explained how the young boy developed fever-like symptoms as she gave Americans one simple tip to avoid going through the pain themselves. The paediatric emergency medicine doctor said: "One of the most interesting cases that I have had to date was a four-year-old boy who was at a barbecue eating when he suddenly grabbed his ear and started crying complaining of ear pain." Dr Martin continued: "They brought him to the emergency department and he has a totally normal ear exam, like there's nothing ... Two more days later [he] came back to the emergency department and they did a CAT scan of the mastoid ... without contrast, didn't see anything, looks totally normal, told him to follow up with the paediatrician and ENT again in a couple of days." However, when the young boy returned to the emergency department in the early hours of the morning, he developed fever-like symptoms and lost much of his appetite. Recalling the response at the time, Dr Martin said: "We had no idea what's going on with him." Doctors conducted a CAT scan, short for a computerised tomography scan, which uses X-rays and a computer to create detailed images of the inside of the body. The scan revealed the "answer" doctors were looking for. Dr Martin, known as Beachgem10 to her 1.2million TikTok followers, explained: "He had about a two centimetre metal wire that was lodged in the paratonsillar tissues on the right and he'd started to develop an abscess around it. "He had been eating a hamburger when this had happened so the grill brush, the metal wires on the grill brush, had become lodged in the hamburger and when he ate the hamburger it got lodged in the soft tissues." The four-year-old boy was then taken to the operating room. Surgeons removed the metal wire and drained the abscess. He was then started on some antibiotics which helped resolve the pain completely. In a word of advice to her followers, Dr Martin concluded: "Do not use grill brushes with metal wires. DON'T MISS: Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree [LATEST]South Park creators have 'strong defence' should Sussexes sue [INSIGHT]CNN anchor tweets apology after 'sexist' remarks about Nikki Haley[REPORT] "There's not only the risk that it can get lodged in the soft tissues in your throat but they can also cause bowel obstruction and perforations in the abdomen if accidentally swallowed." A 2016 study revealed that there were around 130 grill brush injuries per year in US emergency departments between 2002 and 2014. 