Erin Brockovich has warned she is concerned by the mixed messaging the community is receiving two weeks after the toxic train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio. The activist said told Fox News host Tucker Carlson: "There's something they're not telling us. It is certainly concerning to the people of East Palestine. We are pushing a month now, and they still don't have any answers. It's very obvious that something has really gone wrong out here." She added: "44,000 fish are dead. We have seen them out there today. They are aerating the creeks, removing stuff. The wellheads are locked. What's up? "You have dead fish. That might not be good for humans. You have dead animals. Might not be good for humans. You have sent a horrible mixed message to this community. Drink the water, don't drink the water. Safe, not safe. It is horribly confusing and extremely frustrating to them." It comes as worried residents packed a high school auditorium Friday as Brockovich and attorneys warned of long-term health and environmental dangers from chemicals released after a fiery train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio. READ MORE: Worker, 43, dies pinned underneath 5-tonne concrete slab  Brooke Hofmeister, a mother of two young children, said she feared for their health and felt worse than before about the situation after hearing the presentation. “The truth is pretty scary," the 29-year-old said. She and her husband, Cory Hofmeister, said they didn't feel safe in their hometown and were uncertain about whether to remain, echoing concerns raised by many who attended the two-hour session. It was sponsored by East Palestine Justice, a group formed by Brockovich, lawyers and scientific and medical experts. No one was injured when 38 Norfolk Southern cars derailed in a fiery, mangled mess on the outskirts of town February 3. As fears grew about a potential explosion, officials seeking to avoid an uncontrolled blast had the area evacuated and opted to release and burn toxic vinyl chloride from five rail cars, sending flames and black smoke billowing into the sky again. More than 2,000 people registered to attend the meeting Friday, with the crowd spilling into the school gymnasium. Brockovich, who gained fame and was portrayed in a film for battling Pacific Gas & Electric Co. over groundwater contamination in Hinkley, California, told the audience to fight for recognition and trust their instincts. “You want to be heard, but you're going to be told it's safe, you're going to be told not to worry,” Brockovich said. “That's just rubbish, because you're going to worry. Communities want to be seen and heard.” DON'T MISS Biden claims document debacle 'fundamentally different' to Trump [INSIGHT]Hollywood sign disappears in LA blizzard amid record-breaking storm [ANALYSIS]Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dogs [VIDEO] Health and environmental risks will remain for years, she said. “Don’t expect somebody to give you the answers. Unfortunately, this is not a quick fix. This is going to be a long game." Brockovich and her associates are among a number of legal teams that have come to the area offering to talk with residents about potential litigation over the derailment. Several lawsuits already have been filed. Federal and state officials have repeatedly said it’s safe for evacuated residents to return to the area and that air testing in the town and inside hundreds of homes hasn’t detected any concerning levels of contaminants from the fires and burned chemicals. The state says the local municipal drinking water system is safe, and bottled water is available while testing is conducted for those with private wells. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews