Martin Lewis, founder of Money Saving Expert, was back on the small screen tonight, and he touched upon the Bank of England’s latest moves. Last week, the central bank decided to hike its interest rate for the 10th consecutive time, to four percent.  This is the highest level the base rate has been since 2008 when the Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, sparking the financial crisis. With the base rate on the rise once again, some banks have decided to pass on the benefits to their customers. While this is not always the case, Martin was keen to spotlight a few accounts with great deals at present. He said: “As the base rate has gone up, this means easy access savings rates trickle up a bit. READ MORE: State pensioners could boost sum by up to £14.75 per week “An easy access savings account is one where you can put money in and take it out when you like without any problems.” Although Martin said this is the “bog standard basic” account, managing one’s money wisely in these accounts can come with benefits. The expert continued: “We’re now at 3.05 percent. “You have app only Tandem, offering unlimited withdrawals, where interestingly the rate is only 2.85 percent. DON'T MISSWarning as pensioners targeted by ‘heartless’ and ‘cruel’ fraud [WARNING]HMRC issues warning as Britons get ‘refund email’ [INSIGHT]Good news as hundreds of savers become ISA millionaires [ANALYSIS] “But on the app, you’ll find ‘top up your rate’, if you do this, they will give you 3.05 percent, which is the top on the market. So, if you get that account, make sure you do that.” However, Tandem Bank is not the only provider which is offering this competitive rate. Other banks and building societies are also stepping up their offerings in competition to reel in savers. Martin added: “Alternatively, there is Newcastle Building Society, offering 3.05 percent - the same rate. READ MORE: 20 part-time jobs for pensioners looking for boost on top of pension “But with them, you can only do three penalty-free withdrawals a year. If you withdraw more than three times, your rate will drop.” As a result, people should always check the terms and conditions of a bank or building society account before they decide to save or switch. Bank accounts can come with good security, especially if they are backed by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). This organisation protects savings up to £85,000 per person per provider, should the worst happen. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This accreditation should also be checked by savers if they want this level of protection. Elsewhere, other providers are also offering competitive savings deals as the Bank of England increases its base rate. The Money Saving Expert website also highlighted Furness Building Society’s 3.5 percent notice account, where Britons are required to give 120 days notice to withdraw. Short term fixed accounts may also be suitable for those who are looking to be more flexible with access to their cash. At present, Atom Bank is offering a 3.45 percent rate for a six month fix, rising to 3.6 percent if savers lock away cash for nine months.   Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip