Prince William has joked about cheering on Team GB's bobsleigh team from "warmer conditions" as he penned a letter congratulating them on winning a silver medal. Pilot Brad Hall, Taylor Lawrence, Greg Cackett and Arran Gulliver won the first four-man bobsleigh medal at the World Championships for 84 years when they placed joint-second alongside Latvia in St Moritz. In the letter, which the team posted on Twitter, the prince wrote: "I wanted to write and congratulate you on winning a silver medal at the World Championship in St Moritz. "As you know, I have been following your progress since the Winter Olympics in Beijing and I wanted to acknowledge your incredible achievement in bringing back the first four-man bobsleigh medal in 84 years!  "I can only begin to imagine how much training this has involved - often in freezing temperatures - and it's great to see that your hard work has more than paid off. "Rest assured I will continued to keep an eye (albeit from much warmer conditions!) on how you get on in the future."   During the race in Switzerland last week, Team GB came in joint-second as Germany won the gold, however in the final run they were only ahead of the Brits by eight hundredths of a second. This comes as William surprised a group of schoolchildren by appearing on a video call with them earlier this week. The prince made a surprise informal visit to an East of England Ambulance Service station in Colchester in Essex and joined in with Kerry Gaskin, a Service Delivery Manager, on a phone call. A video of the call was posted to TikTok by 18-year-old Hannah Wickison, who was on the call with one of Ms Gaskin's children. READ MORE: Andrew and Anne opposed Charles and Camilla's marriage The future King appeared relaxed on the call, joking with one of the pupils with red hair that he looked like Ed Sheeran. Is is thought the video call could be part of an effort to make the monarchy more appealing to a younger generation. He told one of the boys: "Your mother's feeding me her cakes, they're not very good!" The children burst out laughing as the prince adds: "I've told her she wouldn't win Bake Off." DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry ridiculed in latest South Park episode [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to make major 'A-List' event debut [INSIGHT]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT]  This week William and Kate have reportedly "cleared the diary" in order to spend the half-term holiday with their children. Their next royal engagement is not until the BAFTAs this Sunday February 19, meaning they can have some time with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Royal expert Jennie Bond even speculated they may take a little holiday, with the Scilly Isles one of their favourite getaway spots. Skiing is another popular winter holiday destination for the royals.