Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has revealed he disagrees with the assessment that Casemiro is a holding midfielder. The Brazil international has flourished ever since his summer arrival from Real Madrid. And he’s set to play a key role as the Red Devils lock horns with Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. For years, Casemiro has been regarded as one of the best holding midfielders in world football - having won the lot at Real Madrid under managers such as Carlo Ancelotti and Zinedine Zidane. But Scholes, speaking to United’s official website, has now revealed he disagrees with that assessment and believes there’s far more to the midfielder’s game. "I've heard so many times, as well, that's he's probably the best holding midfielder as well,” he said. “I don't see him as a holding midfielder. He's a proper Manchester United midfielder that gets involved in everything. “You see him up the pitch, you see him defending, you see him controlling the game at times. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "He's probably as close to Roy Keane as you're going to get. I think he's been brilliant. "I think 'holding midfielder' just does him a little bit of an injustice." Scholes also expressed a belief that Casemiro is like a coach due to the way he conducts and orchestrates matches. "Casemiro has been sensational really,” said the Red Devils legend. "He has great experience, winning so many times with Real Madrid as well, and is invaluable to the younger players around the squad. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit "It's almost like he's a coach on the football pitch. You've seen the difference from when he's come into the team and what he's made [happen]. “He has great experience and I don't think he gets the credit for the way he plays. “He is a really good passer of the ball, which surprised me a little bit, when you think you saw Luka Modric and Toni Kroos as the playmakers at Real Madrid. “But this lad can play.” Former United star Owen Hargreaves also spoke to club media ahead of the crunch clash at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And the retired midfielder believes Sir Alex Ferguson would have relished having a player of Casemiro’s calibre at his disposal. "The biggest difference he made is his first pass is forward,” said Hargreaves. "He breaks up the play as good as anyone but if you watch him, his passing is always forward and that's what Scholesy did best. “Sir Alex always said, in transition, play the ball forward if you can, didn't he Scholesy? I think that's the biggest difference. "Obviously, Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes' balance is brilliant. “It's a shame Eriksen isn't fit but I think he makes a huge difference. “I’m with Scholesy, I think his passing is super underrated as he always plays forward." United drew 2-2 with Barcelona in the first leg last week. And victory tonight would boost their chances of winning the Europa League for the second time in their history.