Former New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has blasted President Biden over his chaotic border policy, admitting the “southern states were right”. In the latest episode of his 'Matter of Fact' podcast, released Wednesday, Cuomo, 65, said Biden was ill-prepared for the immigration surge that followed his reversal of the Trump administration's hardline immigration policies. “It was a mistake for President Biden to open the border without having a plan to handle the tremendous flow of people,” Cuomo said. “President Biden had said he would do it in the campaign — but you can’t change a policy unless you have the program in place to manage the change,” he added, in an apparent nod to Biden's reversal of the Trump-era immigration restrictions. The former Governor accused the Biden administration of failing to grasp the “consequences of enacting those promises”, adding that the "southern states were right that opening the border created a tremendous hardship for them to handle. They were right that the federal government was not prepared". The numbers of migrants crossing the US-Mexico border has risen dramatically during Biden’s first two years in office. READ MORE: Trump delivers 'real' State of Union after Biden slams GOP over taking economy 'hostage' There were more than 2.38 million stops during the year that ended September 30 - the first time the number topped two million. The administration has struggled to clamp down on crossings, reluctant to take measures that would resemble those of Trump’s administration. Biden's commitment to end Title 42 - a hardline Trump-era immigration policy that allows border officials to turn away migrants encountered at the US-Mexico border in the name of COVID-19 prevention - will unleash an unprecedented wave of illegal immigration into the US, Republicans have consistently warned. But Biden's attempt to appease those in the centre and to the left of his party has also put him in the firing line. DON'T MISSSecond politician shot dead in a car in a week [REPORT]Kamala Harris squirms in GMA interview [POLITICS]Chinese spy balloons have been collecting data for years [INSIGHT] The Biden administration announced new immigration policies earlier in January that will limit asylum claims at the southern border and expand the use of Title 42 while the policy is snarled up in the Supreme Court. In response to the tougher stance, a group of 77 Democratic lawmakers sent a letter to Biden last month criticising his administration’s policies restricting asylum access for migrants crossing the southern border. The letter was signed by New Jersey Senators Bob Menendez and Cory Booker, New York Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and 74 others. At a press conference, Menendez said: “We recognise that the United States is experiencing a difficult migration challenge at the southern border. But as elected officials, we are duty-bound to propose legal solutions, one that protects asylum-seekers while also securing the safe removal of migrants who have no legal claim to stay in the United States.” READ MORE: Major blow for Biden as new poll finds most Dems want him out before next election Meanwhile, Biden is striking a deal with Mexico that would allow hundreds of thousands more migrants to enter the US legally — and see non-Mexican illegals deported back to Mexico, a new report reveals. As political pressure mounts on the President, his administration is rattling through the agreement with Mexico, according to four current and former US officials speaking to the Washington Post. The new policy will permit the US for the first time to fast-track the expulsion of arrivals from countries including Venezuela, Haiti, Nicaragua and Cuba who cross the border unlawfully to neighbouring Mexico. The deal that is being cooked up between the US and Mexico will involve the Biden administration creating new legal pathways for migrants - while also expanding the existing parole process. Under the policy, illegal migrants would be arrested, detained, deported to Mexico, barred from the US for five years and threatened with felony charges and prison sentences if they try to unlawfully cross the border again. The policy change comes after Biden walked a muddy stretch of the US-Mexico border last month to signal his commitment to tightening up the border. For all of his international travel over his 50 years in public service, Biden has not spent much time at the US-Mexico border. The only visit the White House could point to was Biden’s drive by while he was campaigning for president in 2008. He sent Vice President Kamala Harris to El Paso in 2021, but she was criticised for largely bypassing the action, because El Paso wasn’t the centre of crossings that it is now. Trump, who made hardening immigration a signature issue, traveled to the border several times.