Roger Allam has portrayed detective Fred Thursday since 2013 in ITV’s Endeavour. The Inspector Morse prequel series created by Russell Lewis enters its ninth and final season this year, a decade after it first started. The show has been a huge hit around the world with viewers gripped by the drama led by Shaun Evans as a young Endeavour Morse prior to John Thaw’s iconic portrayal of the detective. Roger, 69, is married to fellow actress and writer Rebecca Saire with the couple being together for years but it is unknown when they got married. The couple lives in London and have two sons William and Thomas. Rebecca, 59, is best known for her work in a 1987 production of Vanity Fair, The Crucible in 2014 and Love in a Cold Climate in 1980. Some of her screen credits including Casualty, The Bill, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell, The Crown and Killing Eve. READ MORE: Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest Further roles include Doctors, The Larkins, We Hunt Together, The Finest and The Tunnel. Rebecca found early acclaim thanks to her role at the age of 14 in the role of Juliet in the BBC Television Shakespeare series. She is also known for her theatre work and counts credits in Private Lives, All’s Well That Ends Well, A Jovial Crew and An Ideal Husband. She has starred opposite her husband in Endeavour in a couple of episodes in the role of Hazel Radowicz. The episode also starred the couple’s son William in the role of Gary Rogers, who played mother and son on screen. In the story, Hazel had to identify her son Gary’s body with detective Fred also present at the morgue. Addressing filming the harrowing scene, Roger said: “It’s a very strange kind of double reality. It is undeniable that it is very powerful to go in and see your son on a slab and your wife being very, very upset, and you’re not.” He went on to say: “I wasn’t his father—my character isn’t his father, so it’s a very strange situation.” He added to PBS Masterpiece: “And of course, it was also the first scene that either of them did, so Rebecca had to sort of leap in at, probably, the most difficult thing to do.” Roger has also previously spoken about the secret of a long-lasting marriage, saying he thought it was about having a sense of humour and laughing together. He told the Radio Times earlier this year: “We make each other laugh. But honestly, sometimes marriage is just about the silliness, the freedom with each other to be silly and ridiculous. “And then also serious about things that are more serious, and also just about practical things that have to be done." DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [INSIGHT] His words come as he stars opposite Joanna Lumley in the BBC Radio 4 series Conversations from a Long Marriage. Along with starring in Endeavour, Roger has appeared in V for Vendetta, The Thick of It, Murdenr in Provence. Some of his other notable projects include The Missing, Parade’s End, The Queen and Ashes to Ashes. According to IMDb, he will next be appearing in The Mud Hut and Tetris. Endeavour season 9 starts on ITV1 tonight at 8pm