A South Carolina woman died in a South Carolina parking lot after having a row with a stranger. Alexandria Cress Borys, 26, was loading her groceries into the car when she began arguing with a woman she did not know. After the exchange ended, the stranger allegedly pulled out a gun and shot Cress Borys in the back as her children sat in the car. Irmo Police said CCTV footage from the parking lot showed Cross Borys arguing with another woman, later identified as Christina Harrison, 23. They said the incident took place around 4pm on February 14 and police officers arrived at the scene shortly after the shot was fired. Upon their arrival, they declared Cress Borys dead. The woman's two children, a two-year-old and an infant, were strapped inside the car through the altercation and witnessed their mother being shot. Harrison fled the scene after the shooting on a white Ford but turned herself in at the local police station a little over an hour later. JUST IN: US warns of 'serious consequences' as China poised to send weapons into Ukraine Irmo Police chief Bobby Dale said: "Unfortunately, this is a situation where tempers flared, and someone let anger get the best of them. One rash decision has impacted the lives of two families and countless others who witnessed this tragic event. "Senseless is the only word I can think of to describe what happened today.” Jail records show Harrison was booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on the day of Cress Borys's murder. She faces a charge of murder as well as unlawfully carrying a pistol and possession of a weapon during a violent crime. READ MORE: Twitter rule change will see users PAY for text security in latest Elon Musk shakeup Lexington County Bond Court said in a statement Harrison had not attended a hearing on February 15 after acquiring a private lawyer. Tyler Borys, the victim's husband, said she died only six days after her younger brother Brandon died in a gun-related incident. He said Alexandria was "the best wife you could ever ask for" and a "great mother." DON'T MISS:Death row inmate cut out and ate own eye, seeks clemency for murders [REPORT]Kamala Harris sends warning to Putin over 'crimes against humanity' [ANALYSIS]Kari Lake vows to take Arizona defeat case to Supreme Court [INSIGHT] Borys told WIS News: "From what I have pieced together, they had either concluded the argument or Alex was walking away. It's indicating she was shot with her back turned." Cress Borys's death shook the small community of Irmo, South Carolina, with locals saying they are now "a bit more aware" of the risks they face. Resident Shawne Edwards told local station WACH: "That shopping centre is our go-to shopping centre so this whole dynamic is a ripple effect in this entire community." And fellow local Tabitha Foster added: "It makes me a little bit more aware because it's a trying time for any and everybody.' Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews