The presenter travelled to the US to meet nine-year-old "Guntuber", Autumn Fry. As the Gogglebox cast tuned into Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over, Autumn revealed she first picked up a gun when she was two. Shocked stars of the Channel 4 show were outraged by the documentary, with many stating it "isn't right" as the programme delved into Autumn's love of firearms.  As they watched on in horror, Stacey Dooley explained: "I'm on my way to meet an extraordinary nine-year-old girl with a controversial talent." As a clip showed the youngster furiously shooting on the screen, Sue and Steve gasped. "No!" They both yelled in unison, while at the Worthington household, Helena remarked: "Oh my god." Stacey continued: "Autumn is known as a GunTuber," which led to screams from Amira and Amani. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale The presenter continued: "Autumn has her on YouTube channel," which led to more gasps from the OGglebox stars. Mary remarked to her husband Giles: "She's like something from a horror film!" The programme showed a part of Autumn's YouTube clip where she details the make of a gun while holding it. "That's not right.! Jenny yelled before looking at Lee and repeating: "That is not right." Sue pointed out: "You cant drink until you're 21 in America but you can shoot a gun at nine - no!" Autumn could then be heard commenting: "Just look at that gun, it is so beautiful." "No, it isn't!" Mary exclaimed, shocked by what she was hearing. Baasit remarked: "This is insane," as his family also appeared bewildered. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street fans 'work out' Daniel's killer plot [SPOILER]Four in a Bed owners left seething over 'disgusting' feedback [VIDEO]EastEnders chaos as Patrick Trueman caught up in Denzel Dane's lies [LATEST] While travelling to Autumn;'s home, Stacey continued: "It would be good to figure out why the mum and dad allowed her to make her own sort of channel." Helena quipped: "I've got an answer for you, Stacey, it's because they're morons!" As Autumn's dad introduced himself as Ramsey, Sophie joked to her brother, Pete: "Of course he was going to be a Ramsay." In the show, Stacey commented that Autumn was "really charismatic and incredibly bright." She added: "She’s super-switched-on and, at times, you almost forget you’re talking to a pre-pubescent child. "She’s not even 10 but having lengthy discussions about what guns mean to her and why they’re such a massive part of her life and culture. "I fundamentally disagree with America’s relationship with firearms. But at the end of the day, she’s nine and I’m not there to give a child a hard time. "We’re there to truly understand why there are families like hers in America and to try and see life through her lens." Gogglebox continues on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.