Manchester United's proposed sale is the reason Liverpool have decided against selling the club now, claims Simon Jordan. The former Crystal Palace owner says it would not be wise for two huge clubs to be up for sale at the same time. Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group announced last November they were open to new investment at Anfield. The Athletic said at the time that FSG had put the Reds up for sale. Meanwhile, the Glazer family are in the process of looking to sell United. The Red Devils received separate offers from Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani on Friday. The bids have fallen short of the Glazers' asking price, which is set at around £6billion. Just three days after United's first deadline for bids, Liverpool owner John Henry made a rare interview. READ MORE: Pep Guardiola rejects Thierry Henry's Erling Haaland comments  The American said Liverpool were in fact not for sale. And Jordan says that is largely due to the timing of United's impending sale. Jordan told talkSPORT: "Well I don't think the timing is right to sell Liverpool when Manchester United are in play because that makes you the second story in the financial world of buying football clubs, because Man United will be the top story. "So you don't want to be sitting there trying to compete for space and a place on the financial landscape of people potentially wanting to buy your football club when Man United are in play. "I realise there might be different buyers and there's different valuations but Liverpool will see themselves as an elite legacy football club and not necessarily want to be coming in the shadow at the same time as Manchester United. Also, John Henry has been relatively specific. DON'T MISSTottenham outcast may follow Dele with 'immediate' switch to TurkeyHow Man Utd dressing room 'privately reacted' to Ten Hag's treatment of SanchoChelsea owner Boehly begins summer fire sale with 'fee agreed' for starlet  "Everything is for sale if someone wants to pay a price that is greater than the value than someone has of it in the first place. But is it actively for sale? I think they've been clear for some time about the fact they want investment." Jordan was reacting to Henry's comments made on Monday to the Boston Sports Journal. The Liverpool chief admitted he has spoken to potential new investors for the Anfield club. Henry said: "I know there has been a lot of conversation and quotes about LFC (Liverpool Football Club), but I keep to the facts: we merely formalized an ongoing process. "Will we be in England forever? No. Are we selling LFC? No. Are we talking with investors about LFC? Yes. Will something happen there? I believe so, but it won't be a sale. Have we sold anything in the past 20+ years?" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 