Tottenham’s Antonio Conte stand in Cristian Stellini could have the perfect game plan to beat Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday after admitting he has “studied” Blues boss Graham Potter ever since he arrived in England in 2021. Stellini is set to oversee the Spurs team once again at the weekend as Conte is still in Italy recovering from gallbladder surgery. “I studied Potter since I arrived here,” Stellini told reporters on Friday. “I followed Brighton a lot because it surprised me the way they played and the way they changed system many times. We played many games against them and every game was different. For sure he is a great manager.” Since Stellini was temporarily handed the reigns in north London, he has guided the Lilywhites to home victories over Manchester City and West Ham. The 48-year-old is a calmer presence than Conte at the side of the pitch, a trait that could come in handy against Chelsea during a fixture that has been chaotic at times in the past. And the Italian has insisted that his children are more likely to incense him than anything he sees on the pitch. “Sometimes I get angry - because of my children more than anything,” Stellini added. “They do what children do normally. They grow, they create problems - and the older they are, the bigger the problems are. JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed “Anger sometimes comes from love. Also a manager, if he loves his team and he loves his job, sometimes he is angry. Maybe you don't have to show this anger because you have it inside, and you transfer it to your team after.” Tottenham enjoyed their best ever start to a Premier League season after picking up 23 points from their first 10 matches. But they have faltered in recent months and fallen 12 points behind leaders Arsenal in the table.  Spurs’ win over West Ham last time out did, however, see them climb back into the top four at the expense of Newcastle, who were defeated 2-0 by Liverpool following a run of five draws in six matches. And the Lilywhites will be hoping to move four points ahead of Newcastle this weekend as the Magpies don’t have a Premier League fixture due to their Carabao Cup final clash against Manchester United. Conte will not return to the Spurs dugout until he is fully recovered from his recent operation. And in the meantime, Stellini will be aiming to pick up as many points as he possibly can.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.