The US has kicked off a massive warship exercise with 7,000 troops and 35 ships as tensions mount between the superpowers. The US, China and Russia have traded repeated verbal blows over Ukraine, spy balloons and Taiwan since the start of the month - with no sign of tensions easing soon. The latest US naval exercise near Bahrain will include 7,000 troops and 35 ships from more than 50 allies and international organisations operating across two regions. It is the largest multinational naval exercise in the Middle East. The exercise first began in 2012. It comes as Iranian attacks in the Middle East and elsewhere in the region “have the attention of everyone” as tensions rise over Tehran's nuclear program, the head of the US Navy's 5th Fleet said Tuesday. READ MORE: US threatens China with 'serious consequences' for helping Putin Vice Admiral Brad Cooper also told The Associated Press that he's seen a rise in what he called Iran's “malign activities” in the region over his two years leading the Bahrain-based 5th Fleet. While Cooper pointed to recent seizures of weapons by American and allied forces in the region as a success, he acknowledged that Iran has been able to carry out drone attacks targeting shipping in the Mideast and other assaults in the region. “We’re focused on expanding our partnerships," Cooper said on the sidelines of Abu Dhabi's International Defense Exhibition and Conference. "The short answer is the Iranian actions have the attention of everyone.” Iran's mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment over Cooper's remarks. The 5th Fleet patrols the crucial Strait of Hormuz, the narrow mouth of the Persian Gulf through which 20 percent of all oil transits. Its region also stretches as far as the Red Sea up to the Suez Canal, the waterway in Egypt linking the Mideast to the Mediterranean Sea, and the Bab el-Mandeb Strait off Yemen. Under Cooper's command, which will end with the upcoming arrival of Rear Adm. George Wikoff in Bahrain, likely later this year, the 5th Fleet vastly expanded its use of drones and artificial intelligence to patrol those waterways. Cooper said the Navy has reached the halfway mark of his goal to have 100 unmanned drones, both sailing and submersible, operating in the region with America's allies. The Navy also conducted a drill Monday with the United Arab Emirates with the systems, he added. But concerns about Iran have only grown in recent months as Tehran enriches uranium closer than ever to weapons-grade levels and has enough fissile material for several nuclear bombs if it chooses to build them. DON'T MISS Trump supporters ask 'where is Melania?' [INSIGHT]Horrifying moment gran is grabbed by huge alligator and dragged away [VIDEO]Shapiro mocks ‘apex predator’ Santos for lying about being Jewish [ANALYSIS] There have been several Iranian attacks on commercial shipping the region, including a still-murky drone assault on the tanker Campo Square on Feb. 10 that's been cited by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Iran carried out that attack, which wounded no one on board, according to a U.S. defense official who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters. Iran has denied targeting the vessel, though it has denied other attacks attributed to it since the collapse of the nuclear deal following America's withdrawal from the accord in 2018. “Obviously the nuclear component is all being handled via diplomatic means," Cooper said. "I think over a two-year period, we have for sure seen an increase in the number of malign activities, much of which we’ve been catching just in the last 60 to 90 days.” The United States has, however, interdicted a number of ships carrying weapons bound for Yemen's Houthi rebels from Iran, and France as well as seized one. A United Nations arms embargo has prohibited weapons transfers to the Iranian-backed Houthis since 2014. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews