Manchester United ace Marcus Rashford has fired a warning to Premier League title rivals Arsenal and Manchester City and insists he wants to “improve” even more ahead of the Red Devils’ Europa League showdown with Barcelona on Thursday night. The England international bagged a brace on Sunday as his side thrashed Leicester 3-0. “Obviously, we are there, we are close,” the 25-year-old told Sky Sports as he spoke about United’s title credentials. “At the same time, both teams in front of us are really good teams and they are playing good football at the minute as well. “It’s difficult not to keep pushing. It's still early on in the season. We're fighting for a lot of different things and we have another big game coming up midweek to hopefully go through to the next round of the Europa League and then a massive game on the weekend for us [against Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final] so there’s always something to push [for] and look forward to. I don't feel like slowing down and always want to improve.” United’s victory against the Foxes means they have now won 15 of their 24 Premier League matches this campaign and have moved to within five points of top-flight leaders Arsenal. Erik ten Hag’s team appeared to have no chance of battling for Premier League honours when they were humbled 6-3 by Pep Guardiola’s City side at the start of October. But they are now one of the form teams. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital    The Red Devils travelled to the Nou Camp to face Barcelona on Thursday in the first leg of their Europa League play-off and secured a hard-fought 2-2 draw against the La Liga leaders. If they can overcome the Catalan giants in the second leg at Old Trafford, they will be among the favourites to lift the trophy. And with the Carabao Cup final to look forward to, as well as an FA Cup fifth-round clash with West Ham at the start of next month, Ten Hag’s side are in the running to win four trophies this season. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'   But Rashford showed the perfectionist that he is and insisted his team need to perform better than they did against Leicester in their upcoming matches. “It’s a nice feeling to be scoring goals and ultimately winning games,” he added. “In the first half we didn’t actually play that well but in the second half we played a lot better. “We found people in pockets. We found Bruno [Fernandes] in pockets and Fred. And they’re creating chances for us. So we need to try and look to do that from the beginning. It’s also a positive that we’re not playing at our best and we’re going into half time a goal up. So [there is] definitely stuff to improve on and learn from, but overall a good day.” 