WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us.The Last of Us episode four's final moments left fans with a shocking cliffhanger which saw Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) held at gunpoint. Episode five, Endure and Survive, will pick up from where the HBO and Sky drama left off last week. However, fans shouldn't expect the latest instalment to come out in its usual time slot. Since premiering last month on HBO and Sky Atlantic, The Last of Us has come out every Sunday and Monday in the US and UK respectively. But this won't be the case for episode five as the drama is going to be airing sooner rather than later. This is because Sunday night will be taken over by the Super Bowl 2023 where the Philadelphia Eagles will take on the Kansas City Chiefs. What's good about this change in the schedule is that fans of the drama are going to be given access to the show sooner rather than later. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series Episode five is going to come out on HBO and HBO Max on Friday, February 10 at 6pm PT and 9pm ET. For those in the UK, they will still be able to simulcast the episode on Sky Atlantic at 2am GMT. Of course, there is still an alternative if you don't want to stay up that late to watch the drama unfold. Once the instalment has come out on Sky Atlantic, it will be dropped on its streaming service NOW for fans to watch whenever they want. Episode four was a little shorter than the rest of the series but the running time will increase with episode five at around 58 minutes long. And while the schedule has changed this week, this is only temporary, thanks to the Super Bowl. The Last of Us will resume its normal release date and time for episode six which will be out on Sunday, February 19, in the USA. Of course, this means UK fans will be able to watch from the early hours of Monday, February 20, onwards. DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz issues plea to This Morning viewers after split [VIDEO]The Last of Us episode 5 will be arriving earlier this week than usual [RELEASE DATE]The Last of Us welcomes Yellowjackets star Melanie Lynskey this week [CAST] In episode four, Joel and Ellie were held at gunpoint, not too long after they themselves were in positions of power. Joel was previously fighting off two men trying to kill them when Ellie, holding Frank's (Murray Bartlett) gun that she took from the drawer in Bill's (Nick Offerman) house, shot at him. The attacker, who says his name is Brian, is begging for mercy when Joel tells Ellie to go into the other room. Brian is heard pleading for his life when it suddenly goes quiet. By the end of the episode, it is Joel and Ellie who are staring down the barrel of a gun. A subplot revealed that this could have something to do with the new character Kathleen (Melanie Lynskey) who asked her group of people to hunt down Brian's killer. So who is she and will she still want the pair dead if she knew of their mission? The Last of Us continues every Sunday on HBO in the USA and every Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.