Savers have recently been benefiting from some of the highest returns seen in decades, however, with inflation on a gradual downfall and lower Bank of England Base Rate forecasts, experts are urging Britons to start locking in top rates sooner rather than later. However, interest rates have been changing nearly weekly, making it key for savers to keep an eye on the markets. Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Savers will need to act quickly to take advantage of the latest deals as some of the top savings’ rates have tumbled over the past month." The shorter-term fixed-rate bond market has been impacted by various rate movements among challenger banks which sit highly within the top rate tables, which, Ms Springall pointed out, shows “yet another month in which these institutions are jostling for positions”. According to Moneyfacts’ analysis, challenger banks are currently topping the leaderboard for easy access and notice savings accounts. Paragon Bank’s Triple Access Account (Issue 11) is currently offering savers an Annual Equivalent Rate of 3.1 percent. READ MORE: Recession in 2023 likely as Britons urged to ‘build up fund’  While Furness Building Society takes the lead for notice accounts with its 120 Day Notice Saver, offering an AER of 3.5 percent. However, Cash ISAs appear to have improved across a variety of sectors this month, with new market-leading rates to entice savers who have yet to use their ISA allowance. Newcastle Building Society is currently offering the top rate easy access cash ISA with an AER of 3.05 percent. Virgin Money’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Exclusive (Issue 4) tops the list of one-year fixed bonds with an AER of 4.25 percent. DON'T MISS: Coventry Building Society to 'boost' interest on savings accounts [INSIGHT]Britons could boost pension by £130,000 by giving it ‘a little love’ [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    Topping the list of two-year cash ISAs is Gatehouse Bank’s Woodland Cash ISA with an AER of 4.1 percent. For those looking to put money away for three years, UBL UK’s Three Year Cash ISA is currently offering the top rate of 4.28 percent, payable on maturity. For four and five year cash ISAs, UBL UK’s fixed Four and Five Year Cash ISAs are taking the lead with AERs of 4.37 percent and 4.46 percent. Ms Springall said: “Those savers who want to tie up their money in a fixed rate bond today for a year will be able to earn around four percent based on the top rate deals, which is around three times the return that they could have earned a year ago. Fixed bonds continue to be offered by many challenger banks, as they tend to offer enticing rates to draw in balances to fund their future lending. READ MORE: Over 50s look set for pension boost as Hunt considers tax reform  “As we reported a month ago, the top returns on many fixed rate bonds are coming down, but it’s still worthwhile for savers to compare deals now and secure a top rate to avoid disappointment.” Ahli United Bank (UK) plc (Raisin UK) is currently topping the leaderboard of one year fixed bonds with an AER of 4.2 percent. Union Bank of India (UK) Ltd is taking the top spot of two year fixed bonds with an AER of 4.35 percent. While UBL UK is topping fixed rate savings accounts for three, four, and five year fixed bonds with AER of 4.43 percent, 4.53 percent, and 4.63 percent, respectively.  Analysts predict inflation to fall to around three percent in 2024, and based on today’s top rates, Ms Springall said “savers would be able to make a return on their cash”. However, Ms Springall noted: “As it stands there is not one single standard savings account that can outpace the current rate of the Consumer Price Index (CPI). It is expected that variable interest rates will continue to improve due to competition and the consecutive Base Rate rises fuelling the market. She added: “Savers who have not checked their existing rate would be wise to do, as not every provider has passed on each single Base Rate rise. As the Bank of England Base Rate stands at four percent, it is vital consumers take time to compare the latest deals on the market and sign up to rate alerts for any table-topping rates.” 