Denise Welch, 64, hit back at a Loose Women viewer who branded her “bitter” as they accused her of trying to “take the stage” during the panel discussions. The panellist took to Twitter to react to the furious online user, who seemed like her “kind of person”, in view of her 555,400 followers. Twitter user joford, who has now limited who can access their posts, wrote: “You are a very bitter, angry women Denise, anyone watching Loose Women today will have seen this, you always butt in, try and take the stage with your opinions, why you are still on here I really don’t know. When you are on the programme we record and skip passed every time you speak.” Reposting the tweet, Denise jokingly said: “I'm gutted Jo. “You seem like my kind of person as well,” Denise added along with a string of laughing emojis. Fans of the TV star joined in on the row as they defended her in the tweet’s replies. Endamullen said: “Such a shame - sounds like it could have been such a beautiful friendship - and now you won’t even get so much as a Christmas card.” Bren1957 added: “I was always under the impression that the panel on Loose Women discussed topical issues, so obviously they will talk about their own particular experiences. (for those who accuse panel members of making it all about ’me, me, me’) keep up the good work ladies.” LozBozBrown penned: “Denise u speak from the heart !! Don’t always agree with everything u say but I think your great!! “Tell Jo to listen to your podcast!! It’s cracking.” (sic) Dawn_obrien questioned: “Why do people watch if they feel so strongly about one of the panellists?” The response comes after last week Denise, who is known for not holding back on her social media, hit back at a viewer today who told her "enough is enough" in a brutal dig. In response to her appearance on the show VanessaHodgesD typed: “Denise your endless, very long stories about yourself and your life are so fascinating and relatable,” as she added a rolling eyes emoji to reinforce her sarcastic tone. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star declares love for co-star as she bids farewell to soap [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] Vanessa added: “#LooseWomen #EnoughIsEnough #stfu.” (sic) The Twitter user also added a gif of Denise wearing a pink coat from her appearance on the Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks. Denise quickly fired back: “Ask a family member to show you the off button.” It comes after last month Loose Women descended into chaos after Denise and Jane Moore locked horns in a heated row about Prince Harry. The panel were discussing a leaked excerpt from his upcoming biography Spare, in which the Duke of Sussex accused his brother Prince William of physically attacking him. Denise defended Harry declaring herself "team Harry and Meghan" but was met by resistance from Jane who described his accusations as “hurtful”. In his book, the Duke of Sussex described a stand-up row that ended with the Prince of Wales grabbing him by the collar and throwing him to the floor, shattering a dog bowl with his back. William then allegedly declared: “I didn't attack you, Harold.” Denise told Jane she found it “strange” that she was "so against Harry and Meghan" given her years working as a royal correspondent. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.