Roads in parts of Surrey are in a worse condition than areas of rural India, a Labour councillor has claimed. Councillor Robert Evans visited the Asian nation last month and even stopped his tour to take photos of the roads because of their state. The politician alleges a tour guide in Karnataka said he felt "nothing" was wrong with the roads in the country, according to the Local Democracy Reporting Service. Speaking at a Surrey County Council meeting, Councillor Evans said: "I just wanted photographic evidence that the road surfaces here in rural India are better than in many parts of Surrey." But other councillors in the meeting argued highways maintenance is always given a healthy budget each year. Nevertheless, there are more than 3,000 miles of road in the county alone, Surrey Live reports. And Councillor Evans feels the roads need improvement across not only his own patch, Stanwell, but most of the county. "They are pretty bad everywhere," he added.  Councillor Will Forster (Woking South) said Surrey's roads were "completely falling apart". During the meeting on Tuesday, he pointed to a highways budget that he claimed would be less than £30m by 2024/25, compared to nearly £70million in the 2023/24 budget. He said: "That is not acceptable. Our residents would find that appalling." But another councillor said it would be "bonkers" to spend the council's savings on road repairs or other projects. Councillorr Edward Hawkins (Conservative, Heatherside and Parkside) said he supported the budget and looking to the situation in the Ukraine, Turkey and Syria, that it was important not to spend money that had been put aside. He told the meeting: "It's bonkers to spend the money that you put aside for a rainy day, when we really don't know what's coming around the corner." Councillor Oliver (Conservative, Weybridge) pointed to the council's "ambitious" capital programme which included highways maintenance as well as low emission buses, flood alleviation measures, independent living facilities for the elderly and more accommodation in the county for looked after children.   