NFL legend Tom Brady has signed a contract extension that ensures the seven-time Super Bowl champion will continue to do his ‘Let’s Go!’ podcast. Earlier this month, Brady announced his retirement from the NFL after 23 seasons following a disappointing 2022 in which the 45-year-old’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers struggled. Brady won seven Super Bowls over an illustrious career that spanned two decades with the New England Patriots - where he won six of his championships - and three seasons with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, winning Super Bowl LV. As a result of his longevity and unprecedented success, the former quarterback is considered by many to be the greatest in NFL history. Brady is preparing for the next chapter of his life where he will enter the commentary booth with FOX Sports after signing a blockbuster deal with the broadcaster last year. The network signed a 10-year contract worth $375 million (£306m) when he made his original retirement 12 months ago. Brady has reportedly informed the broadcaster he will get to work in the booth in the 2024 season, giving himself a year away from the game to get used to retirement. In the meantime, he is practicing for the role by enjoying a podcast alongside Arizona Cardinals legend Larry Fitzgerald and iconic sports broadcaster Jim Gray. READ MORE: Aaron Rodgers emerges from darkness retreat with NFL decision pending Earlier this week, network company SiriusXM announced it was signing a deal to continue Brady’s ‘Let’s Go!’ podcast on a long-term deal. Following the news, the trio each commented on the secured future of the show with Brady saying: “I’m excited to be back with Jim, Larry and the SiriusXM family for season three of Let’s Go! “Thank you to all of our supporters and fans. We look forward to providing insight on the game we love again in the fall.” SiriusXM president and chief content officer Scott Greenstein was thrilled with the deal, adding: “As the greatest quarterback in history steps away from the field and embarks on the next chapter of his career, SiriusXM will be the place to hear him talk about it all in his own words. Tom, Larry and Jim have produced so many ‘must listen’ moments so far in their first two seasons of Let’s Go! DON'T MISSNFL superstar to hit free agency after failing to agree extensionInside Aaron Rodgers life of contracts, conspiracies and hallucinogensEx NFL star makes controversial "trust me I'm a man" trans comments “This is truly a one-of-a-kind show, allowing fans to connect with two of the greatest players to ever play the game. We are thrilled to extend our relationship and now make Let’s Go! available exclusively for our subscribers.” Ahead of entering the FOX Sports booth, Brady has claimed he could be ‘scathing’ in his commentary and likened himself to renowned golf commentator Johnny Miller. Brady’s revelation of his potential style of commentary would be a stark contrast to popular CBS analyst Tony Romo, who showers praise on quarterbacks and offensive ingenuity with infectious enthusiasm. The 45-year-old will also have a familiar face in the studio at FOX Sports: four-time Super Bowl champion Rob Gronkowski. The legendary former tight end joined the broadcaster as an on-air analyst midway through the 2022 season after opting against a return to the NFL himself.