If they have a spiritual home it is Ditchley Park, a great country house turned conference venue in rural Oxfordshire. It is home to the Ditchley Foundation, set up in the 1950s by philanthropist Sir David Wills with the grand purpose “to sustain peace, freedom and order”. It is there, we learn, that a conference was held last week on the subject: “How can we make Brexit work better with our neighbours in Europe?” It didn’t feature on Ditchley Park’s website, but news of the event leaked out anyway. Of course, there is plenty to discuss about the direction of post-Brexit Britain and plenty of reasons to question current Government policy. Britain, it was argued by the Leave campaign, would emerge more business-friendly and economically dynamic. But there is scant sign of that at present. On Friday, we learnt AstraZeneca, one of the jewels in the crown of UK industry, is setting up a new factory in Dublin rather than Cheshire – on the grounds that Ireland has a more favourable tax regime. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt can hardly be surprised given UK corporation tax is rising from 19 to 25 per cent in April. If we are really going to seize advantage of Brexit we should be shamelessly attracting business through tax breaks and reforming regulations to ensure companies are not weighed down by pointless red tape. But that, it is fair to assume from the snippets that emerged from Ditchley Park, is not precisely what many attendees had in mind. Just read the cast list. It included such Remain luminaries as Peter Mandelson, David Lammy and David Lidington. Also, there was Olly Robbins, Theresa May’s chief Brexit negotiator, who failed so miserably to get Britain a good deal. Had May’s Chequers deal been implemented, Britain would now be under the thumb of the EU’s regulatory regime in perpetuity. To be fair to the organisers, they included a number of Brexiteers. Michael Gove was there, as were Lord Howard and Baroness Stuart, the former Labour MP who led the Brexit campaign from the Leftwards end of the political spectrum. But you only have to read the conference's title to realise what is going on here. Pointedly, it wasn’t entitled “How Can Britain Profit from Brexit?” or something along those lines – it concentrated on one aspect of Brexit alone: our ongoing relationship with the EU. Of course, we have got to work with the EU. We are neighbours and trading partners. But we are also rivals. If you want to promote better working relations, it’s a fair guess what you really want to do is rejoin the organisation. Many prominent Remainers never gave up hope of blocking Brexit, right up to the moment the former PM banged a gong at No10 on the night of January 30, 2020, the moment of Britain’s withdrawal. They stick doggedly to their conceit that a dimwitted British public voted for Brexit in 2016 because it didn’t know what was good for it. Some day, they hope, Leave voters will realise the error of their ways and we will sail back into the arms of Brussels. You can see it in the nonsense that continues to be promoted, claiming Brexit has inflicted great harm on the economy. Some Remainers got excited by a claim by a member of the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee that Brexit has cost every UK household £1,000. On closer inspection, the reasoning behind this claim was laughable. It compared the rate of growth in UK investment over two periods – 1997 to 2007 and 2010 to 2015 – with the rate of growth since 2016. There is a very big omission there: the years of the last economic crisis when investment plunged. Yet it included the years of the pandemic, when investment also plunged, for reasons other than Brexit. Of course, for some exporters, Brexit has caused extra bureaucracy – in spite of a free trade deal supposed to avoid tariffs. Yet many of the claims by Remainers are nothing more than crude propaganda. We certainly need the Government to find better ways of taking advantage of our newfound freedoms. But the plotters who meet at Ditchley Park and elsewhere aren’t interested in taking advantage of Brexit – they just want the whole thing reversed.