Saving money is high on most people's agenda right now but some Britons could be paying for their TV licence unnecessarily and throwing away £159 a year. Some people might be able to get a refund on their BBC licence fee or apply for a discount from TV Licensing. Most peoples' viewing habits have changed since the BBC licence fee was first introduced in June 1946. The arrival of Netflix and YouTube mean people can stream TV whenever they want to and may no longer watch live television at all. For those who rely on streaming services like YouTube and Netflix a TV licence costing £13.25 a month might be unnecessary. Four groups of people could make savings by cancelling their BBC licence and asking for a refund. READ MORE: Now is a good time to move savings accounts and get up to 4.7% The BBC licence fee is waivered or reduced for: Pensioners who are 75 and receiving Pension Credit are entitled to a free TV licence People who are blind or partially sighted are entitled to a 50 percent reduction. Britons who live in care homes should get a free TV licence or pay just £7.50 if they are part of an ARC scheme. People can watch Youtube, Netflix and other streaming services without a licence as long as they don’t watch live TV on any channel. DON'T MISSState pension triple lock 'not sustainable' [WARNING]'Loved ones may lose everything unless you write will now [ALERT]‘Scandal' as HMRC forces pension savers to pay tax they don't even owe [WARNING] To apply for a refund people should double check they won't be watching live TV in the future and then go to the TV licensing website TV licences were free for all people aged 75 and over between November 2000 and the end of July 2020. Since then, pensioners only qualify if they are considered to be on a low income and in receipt of pension credit. Some 850,000 people who have reached state pension age are still missing out on pension credit which could lead to other financial help on top of a free TV licence.  Anna Stevenson, from poverty charity Turn2Us, told the BBC's Rip Off Britain programme £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, with millions of people missing out on thousands of pounds in support. She said thousands of pensioners are missing out on payments worth £200 per week.  Ms Stevenson added: "We know that Pension Credit is really underclaimed - so, that's a top up benefit for people over pension age. "From April it'll be worth about £200 a week for a single person so if you're over 66 - it's well worth checking - you could be entitled to some Pension Credit."  Meanwhile, the state pension rate is rising in April, however, not all pensioners are eligible for the full state pension when they retire. To earn the full new state pension of £203.85, retirees must have 35 qualifying years.  There is a handy tool on the Government website which allows users to log in using their Government Gateway ID.  