Arsenal have emotional issues that need to be resolved in the squad if they are to win the Premier League title, according to Alan Smith and Graeme Souness. But the pair believe there are different parties to blame for their dip in form, after Mikel Arteta's side saw their lead cut in the title race to just two points. The Gunners were beaten 3-1 by Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday after goals from Erling Haaland, Kevin De Bruyne and Jack Grealish helped Pep Guardiola's side close the gap at the top. It means the north London side have now won only one of their last four games in all competitions with a slight blip coming at the worst possible time for Arteta's side. Souness believes the Spaniard's antics on the touchline are having a negative effect on his side, with the 40-year-old recently accused of going overboard in his protestations to fourth official and other managers on the sidelines. "Arsenal have looked a very nervy bunch for a whole month now – and in part that stems from Mikel Arteta and his antics on the touchline," Souness said in his Daily Mail column. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful' "The wild celebrations. The falling out with rival managers. The conduct towards officials. All of this will have had an impact on his players, both live and when they've seen it played back." The Scot thinks that Arteta's behaviour stems from entering new territory as a manager. Having guided the club to two eighth-placed finishes and fifth last season, Souness believes the Gunners coach is too emotionally affected by their title fight. "Arteta has gone overboard because this is all new to him," he added. "As a player, he bordered on being son-in-law material – you wouldn't be unhappy if you walked through the door with your daughter – and I can never remember him aggressively going after anyone. Yet he's now turning up on a match-day with an angry head on. I don't believe this is helping the cause. DON'T MISSArsenal prove Neville right after pundit tipped Man City to win titleMan City's Bernardo Silva pays Arsenal biggest possible complimentHenry sends message to Arsenal stars about title hopes after City loss "For a team of serial winners like ours, a setback like Wednesday's would have made little difference. People writing you off was like a speck of dandruff. But for a team who've not been serial winners, I imagine it could play havoc." Arsenal legend Smith agrees that there are some issues within the squad regarding their composure, but pointed to centre-back Gabriel Magalhaes as the weak link, rather than Arteta. "Gabriel would be a concern for Arteta in the future. He can be so emotional on these occasions and that can affect his game,’ Smith told Bestgamblingsites.com. "If you look at Saliba, you hardly notice him because he’s so calm. He does the simple things really effectively. Whereas Gabriel catches the eye for a number of reasons and I think it’s something Arteta will consider if he can rely on him going into these big games. That’s an issue for Arsenal I think."