Sadiq Khan was heckled by an audience member at a City Hall event, who accused him of being a "conman". The London mayor was speaking at a cost of living event held alongside Martin Lewis. Angie Donnelly, a 58-year-old lorry driver, shouted from the audience: "You’re not a mayor - you’re a conman".  The £12.50 ULEZ charge is for vehicles that do not meet up-to-date emissions standards, which currently covers inner London. This is as well as the £15 daily congestion charge for all vehicles in the very centre of London. The ULEZ expansion - introduced by Mr Khan - will cover all of London, from the centre down to Chessington and up to the M25. It will be enforced by numberplate recognition cameras, some of which are already in place. Many drivers are worried about the expansion given it's taking place in the middle of a cost-of-living crisis. There are also concerns that the new charges could have a negative impact on local businesses, as fewer people will want to take car trips.  Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, explained: "As the cost of living continues to impact the finances of millions of people across the UK, many motorists in the capital will feel they need to avoid certain areas of the city when ULEZ is expanded.  "This could cause an increase in congestion in areas where low emission zones aren’t present, as well as putting pressure on public transport and could even encourage more people to work from home to avoid the charges. "This, in turn, could have an impact on local businesses who depend on workers in the city." However, Mr Hixon also pointed out that studies have suggested ULEZ helped London reduce carbon emissions by five percent in 2021. A recent YouGov poll showed that Londoners support the expansion of the ULEZ. Some 51 percent of the 1,245 adults surveyed were in support, while 27 percent were in opposition. After looking at the high number of deaths due to air pollution in London, Mr Khan said: "Doing nothing is not an option for me." Mr Khan is under growing pressure from councils to reconsider the expansion. Eleven of the 19 outer London councils have expressed their apprehension, with some considering legal action. MORE TO FOLLOW... 