Chelsea boss Graham Potter insists there was “no conspiracy” after his post-match press conference was delayed after his side were condemned to their eighth Premier League defeat of the season by Southampton on Saturday. James Ward-Prowse scored the only goal of the game courtesy of a spectacular free-kick as the Blues’ woes continued under Potter. “No conspiracy,” the ex-Brighton boss explained. “I can't give you that. There is a lot of media and my colleague did the media before me. I always speak to you guys. When you lose 1-0 to Southampton, it isn't good enough with the results we've had. First half is as much my responsibility as anybody.” Chelsea were off the pace once again at Stamford Bridge as Kamaldeen Sulemana and Stuart Armstrong both had opportunities to open the scoring for the visitors. And the Saints eventually went ahead in stoppage time at the end of the first half as Ward-Prowse’s effort evaded the Chelsea wall and found its way into the corner of Kepa Arrizabalaga’s net. Half-time substitute Raheem Sterling had two efforts cleared off the line in the second period as the hosts attempted to draw level. But Chelsea faltered in attack once again as they remained in 10th place in the table. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table    “It was, certainly in the first half,” Potter continued after being asked if the performance was a step backwards. “Returning from the Champions League and we had to make some changes, we lose a bit of fluidity and cohesion. “Southampton mixed the game well but our performance wasn't what we wanted in the first half and I take as much responsibility in that. Second half was good and we deserved a goal. But when you don't, it's obviously difficult.” DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   A whole host of Chelsea fans were calling for Potter’s head in the aftermath of the encounter. And the 47-year-old admits he can understand supporters’ frustrations. “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable,” he added. “We've had a tough period and are integrating young players into the Premier League. When results don't go your way it's tough. I'm not arrogant enough to say that their opinion isn't worth articulating. My job is to help the team and work through a team period. The truth is we took a step back with our performance in the first half. Our response in the second half was good, but it wasn't enough.” 