China is accused of “intentionally” letting COVID-19 spread “all over the world”. Dr. Li Meng Yan, a virologist who sounded the alarm early in 2020 about the virus, spoke to Fox News after a leaked US report found the virus most likely originated in a Chinese lab. New intelligence prompted the US’ Energy Department to conclude that an accidental laboratory leak in China most likely caused the coronavirus pandemic. After the reports, Fox News host Tucker Carlson asked Yan on Monday if she still believes the virus was intentionally released nearly three years after the pandemic started. "Of course, it was not an accident," she responded. "Maybe for people who don't have this kind of biosafety lab three or four [years] experience on coronavirus, maybe it's easy for them to accept the accident lab leak. “However, I'm a scientist, working in [a] research lab using coronavirus. And I can tell you, based on the print protocol and also the other surveillance system, it would be impossible for the lab leak [to] accidentally happen in such [a] lab and cause the Wuhan outbreak and also the pandemic.” Yan added that “now we just reached the first step”, and said: “It was from China's lab, and we need to pursue the truth of origin, and we need to keep going on." The virologist added that based on the evidence she has seen and the source she has spoken to, the virus was "intentionally brought out of this strict lab and released in the community”. "However, I don't think the outbreak in Wuhan was intentional. I would say it was because [the] CCP government and the military scientists underestimated the transmissibility," she added. "That's why finally it got out of control and the cost [was] a local outbreak. However, we should know that [the] CCP government intentionally let it go all over the world to kill millions of people all over the world later." READ MORE: Mapped - The US troops on high alert in bases near Russia and China It comes after The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times reported the Energy Department’s new conclusion, despite the body having “low confidence” the virus leaked from a lab. The FBI has also concluded, with moderate confidence, that Covid first emerged accidentally from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a Chinese lab that worked on coronaviruses. Jake Sullivan, the national security adviser, said on CNN’s ‘State of the Union’: “There is a variety of views in the intelligence community. “Some elements of the intelligence community have reached conclusions on one side, some on the other. “A number of them have said they just don’t have enough information to be sure.” Despite this, Republicans have seized on the new reports and blasted Beijing, demanding swift action against China’s Government. “Re. China’s lab leak, being proven right doesn’t matter,” tweeted Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Arkansas. “What matters is holding the Chinese Communist Party accountable so this doesn’t happen again.” Sen. Dan Sullivan, R-Alaska, told Chuck Todd on NBC that there should be “extensive” public hearings about the origins in Congress. “Look, this is a country that has no problem coming out and lying to the world,” Sullivan said of China. “I think that we need to make sure every country knows that, and then look at what the consequences could be.” According to Johns Hopkins Covid-19 database, as of Tuesday the US has seen a total of 103,403,556 cases and 1,119,693 deaths from the virus. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews