Joe Biden could not have "dreamed" for a better State of the Union address as the 46th POTUS "soft launched" his 2024 re-election bid, a former White House aide has said. The 80-year-old has hinted at seeking a second term in the Oval Office but has not officially launched his campaign. Riley Roberts, who worked as a speechwriter to Attorney General Eric Holder during his four-year stint in Obama's administration, claimed Biden was "road-testing" potential 2024 slogans during his speech.  He told Express.co.uk: "I think this was a curtain-raiser on the 2024 campaign, sort of a soft launch, its the same message that he is going to be refining over the coming months. "You saw how he tried to pitch it right down the middle to the average voter, trying to appear bipartisan while drawing contrasts with the other side. "The heckling and interruption by House Republicans really played into his hands in a way that was probably beyond the White House's wildest dreams." President Biden's 80-minute speech focused heavily on economic concerns and striving for unity. JUST IN: Trump delivers 'real' State of Union after Biden slams GOP over taking economy 'hostage' It addressed US support for Ukraine, police reform and immigration. Other Democratic strategists celebrated Biden's performance in Congress. He also slammed his Republican rivals by alleging their economic plan would hold America "hostage". The POTUS then subtly challenged his predecessor Donald Trump, who has officially entered the 2024 race, by questioning how the "previous administration" handled debt and recounting the scenes on January 6. Other Democrats to welcome Biden's State of Union include strategist Leslie Marshall, who told Express.co.uk: "When you see the popularity of the speech, you will have some people in Congress coming out to support Biden's re-election run. "There are less questions about Kamala Harris being on the ticket and at least at this moment 'Sleepy Joe' and 'dementia' are not trending. "That was somebody that was clever, quick-witted and strong." Marshall, who described Marjorie Taylor Green's heckling as similar to a "drunk girl at a frat party", added: "He took back control of his State of the Union and a lot of people think that people on my side of the aisle are making a bigger deal of it than it is but it's a huge deal because it looked like things were going off the rails and he came out victorious and I think we all know that was not scripted." Kelly Hyman claimed Biden's address rightfully highlighted the ways in which his administration has helped ordinary Americans, including by reaching across the aisle on key bills and focusing on economic recovery post-Covid. When asked if the 46th President's second State of the Union could help his re-election bid, Hyman told Express.co.uk: "Biden’s performance puts him in a good position to win the primary and return to the White House for a second term." DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] However, Republicans were far from receptive, with Virginia's Bob Good heckling the 46th President. Trump also uploaded his own alternative State of the Union address and Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders delivered the Grand Old Party's official response. Harrison Floyd, 2020 Trump campaign veteran, told Express.co.uk: "Biden said he was going to unify the country, did the State of the Union look like we are unified? "Any Republicans that runs in 2024 will have confidence they can beat Biden. "Why? Because they can. The only track record he has is of making things worse."  Florida Congresswoman Kat Cammack added: "Biden's claims are completely divorced from reality. "Everything this President has done is for the sake of his political career at the expense of the American people." Opinion polls on Biden's administration have varied, with most surveys showing Americans disapprove of the 46th POTUS' potential re-election bid. However, he leads potential Democratic challengers in hypothetical primary polls, albeit not by a significant margin. Recent general election surveys also suggest a re-run against Trump could go either way, with Morning Consult giving Biden a three-point lead but ABC News handing the advantage to the 45th POTUS. 