AJ Hale (played by Jonah Ho'okano) has become one of the most enduring foes on the NCIS: Hawaii team’s radar as well as a fierce rival for Kai Holman (Alex Tarrant). Although they were once friends, Hale could ultimately be the NCIS agent’s downfall after setting an explosive trap for the team when the action-packed CBS drama returns next Monday. Agent Holman and Jesse Boone (Noah Mills) are both caught in a devastating explosion in the next episode of NCIS: Hawaii, Misplaced Targets. Once Holman discovers the trap was set for him, he’ll embark on a dangerous mission to put a stop to Hale’s plans which could end in tragedy for the Pearl Harbour task force. An official description reads: “Following a close call at a meth lab explosion, the NCIS team learns Kai is being targeted by his old friend-turned-criminal and must take him down. “Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) gets her first big case aboard her aircraft carrier.” READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss In a new promo, the two agents search the abandoned lab before they realise it’s rigged to blow. Later, team leader Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) surveys the scene and determines Holman was the intended victim. “This place was rigged to blow,” she says. Holman replies: “And I was the target for that bomb.” Back at headquarters, Holman looks scared for his life as Hale’s profile is brought up on the screens. “AJ could be going after you,” Boone warns his fellow agent. The teaser trailer then ends with a tense face-off between Holman and his former friend, who warns him: “This ends now.” Holman is given no choice but to surrender as Hale holds him at gunpoint, the agent seemingly having no weapon of his own. Viewers are already concerned heading into the next episode as this could mean the end of the fan-favourite's time on the series. DON'T MISS:Power Book 2 stars spark frenzy with season 4 first-look [LATEST]The Bachelor hits back after being branded ‘boring’ by fans [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan announces new project with Graham McTavish [VIDEO] Either Hale is successful in his mission to take out his ex-friend once and for all, or Holman could sustain some serious injuries if more traps have been set. Reactions to the trailer were concerned as fans predicted Hale could have more deadly surprises in store later in the episode. On Twitter, @earplegalcodes said: “That explosion was meant for Kai?! And he's being held at gunpoint at his dad's restaurant by AJ?! “AJ Hale, you made a biiiiiig mistake. PROTECT KAI HOLMAN AT ALL COSTS!” (sic) And @whistlersarmy wrote: “No Lucy, Kate, or Kacy in the promo...but um, excuse me?! “AJ must want these hands if he harms my adorable King Kai! We protect Kai Holman at all costs in this domain!” NCIS: Hawaii is unlikely to kill off one of its major players at this point in the second season, although the franchise is certainly not afraid of surprising fans with a devastating twist. Hopefully, Holman will make it out alive, but the high-stakes promo has ensured plenty of fans will tune in to make sure he comes out of his latest bout unscathed. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.