Prince Harry has been blasted for his "self-delusion and arrogance" by political commentator and author Ben Shapiro, who shared his insight after reading Harry's memoir Spare. He also claimed that the Duke of Sussex had now lost his "source of value" by spilling the secrets of the Royal Family and there was nothing left for him to do but "shout a lot". Speaking to Piers Morgan on Sky News Australia, the Daily Wire co-creator criticised Harry and Meghan Markle's sense of "untouchability", commenting: "If you say something that crosses them, you hurt their feelings, they get very upset. "He [Harry] wants privacy, but he has very specific memories of using particular facial cream." The past few months have seen the release of Spare, Meghan's podcast Archetypes and their Netflix documentary series Harry & Meghan. However, Mr Shapiro said that he does not believe there is a "next step" for the couple following a barrage of allegations made against the royals. He said: "Once you actually destroy your source of value, which is the inside view of the monarchy and you’ve already spilled that, what is there to do other than just stand outside and shout a lot?" Harry and Meghan's popularity since Spare was published has plummeted, with a new poll showing their approval ratings are at an all-time low in the US. According to research conducted by Redfield & Wilton for Newsweek on February 19, Harry was liked by 32 percent and disliked by 42 percent of respondents, with his approval date dropping from -7 on January 16 to -10 last week. READ MORE: Camilla teases King Charles as she carries out first visit in weeks It also marks a huge drop in ratings since December, with polling by Redfield & Wilton putting him at +38 on December 5. Meghan was even more unpopular than her husband, as she was liked by 27 percent of Americans and disliked by 44 percent. This gave her a net approval rating of -17 on February 19, with Mr Shapiro saying the public reaction to the Sussexes was "heartening". DON'T MISS:Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears' [LATEST]Fergie under fire for 'money grabbing' book tour interview questions [SPOTLIGHT]Ellen Degeneres told Meghan Markle to get a dog and 'changed' her life [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan's escapades were brutally mocked in a recent episode of South Park entitled Worldwide Privacy Tour. The episode features the characters the "Prince and Princess of Canada", who appear on a chat show and go on a world tour while claiming they just want to be left alone. The red-headed prince and his wife bear a striking resemblance to Harry and Meghan, although rumours the couple were planning to sue the show have been dismissed. A spokesperson for the Sussexes told People magazine: "It's all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports."