Kate Middleton stepped into a new role last September when Queen Elizabeth II died, making her become the new Princess of Wales. This month, she also launched her new Shaping Us campaign, which is said to be her “life’s work”. But what else is in store for the royal? An astrologer has revealed how she is going to experience more “international attention”. Kate, Princess of Wales was born on January 9, 1982, making her a “reliable” Capricorn Sun with a “sensitive” Cancer Moon, a pop culture astrologer has said. In terms of her elemental energy, she has a “strong emphasis on Air, with Water and Fire coming up nearly tied after”, the expert revealed. As for what this means, Kate is said to be “tremendously talented at working with people, in partnerships and the public”. Looking at her astrological birth chart as a whole, Kate was born on a lunar eclipse which represents that she “came into this world for a profoundly powerful destiny”. READ MORE: Princess Kate steps out in new brown coat for Cornwall visit Eclipses tie to fate and someone’s life path, lunar eclipses are said to be “larger than life” and three times more powerful than a full moon. Those born on a lunar eclipse are said to be thrust into the spotlight. The pop culture astrologist, Kyle Thomas said her chart presents Kate as someone who has “become a master of dealing with conflict and balance”. She also perfectly behaves how Queen Elizabeth II modelled; working hard and rising above difficult situations. In terms of where Kate gets her “grace, elegance, poise and refinement” from, her “Venus is linked to her Jupiter and Midheaven”, the astrologer said. DON'T MISS...McDonald's announces fan-favourite item is returning to menus [NEWS]Clever storage method to keep avocados 'perfectly green' for 10 days [VIDEO]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [EXCLUSIVE] Midheaven refers to the very top of a chart, or the 12 o’clock mark and represents the highest point on the horizon that any planet can reach. Her astrological chart also shows Mercury being united with Venus and this brings a “sense of eternal youth, charm and beauty”. “One of the most important alignments” on Kate’s chart is Jupiter standing exactly across from her Midheaven, which brings impact and the “ability to see the big picture when it comes to her public standing and the world”. When it comes to what’s in store for the Princess this year, Kyle said she will work on international relations and could see “even more international attention applauding her”. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘unconsciously holds Meghan back’ expert claims Kyle also explored Kate’s compatibility with Prince William and gave them a whopping nine out of 10. When looking at both their charts, he suggested they were “star-crossed lovers” that are “meant for one another”. He even used the term “soulmates” to describe them. Apparently, the Prince and Princess of Wales have a “powerful ability” to balance one another in life, and they are also great communicators. In terms of intimacy and romance, they also tick that box. Overall, the couple has “everything they need” to work as a team, “build an empire” and enjoy themselves whilst doing it. Kyle also took a look at Prince William’s astrology chart for NY Post. He explained how the Prince of Wales is said to experience a “karmic shift” this year.