Limescale is not harmful when it builds up around taps, but it can look unsightly. It can also interfere with the performance of the taps over time, which may lead to reduced pressure. Luckily, there are lots of different ways to get rid of it, including using an affordable household essential. Mrs Hinch fans have taken to Facebook to share their “go-to” methods. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, an anonymous user wrote: “Help please! How can I shift this limescale from my bathroom tap? I’ve tried the 2p trick but I can’t get it into the lines.” Attached to the post was a photo of a shiny bathroom tap with a patch of stubborn limescale towards the base of it. Limescale is common in hard water areas and it can build up around taps, around the shower as well as appliances such as the kettle. Preventative measures are always best as it can be time-consuming to remove, but it isn’t impossible. READ MORE: Watering sensitive orchids ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ in spring Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans recommended a variety of methods, including a white vinegar hack. Clare Overend wrote: “Use white vinegar.” Vikki Mottram also suggested using a white vinegar spray and there are lots on the market. Pauline Buxton commented: “White vinegar soaked into cotton wool and wrapped around the tap using elastic to secure it in place. Leave it overnight.” Hallie Welsh said: “Agree. Try to soak it with white vinegar, the limescale will disappear overnight, it’s amazing." DON'T MISS:Four ‘common’ energy saving tips to avoid - ‘don’t actually work’ [COMMENT]‘Toxic’ and ‘harmful’ spring plants to avoid cats and dogs eating [INSIGHT]Houseplant expert shares 4 crucial jobs to ensure ‘happy’ plants now [EXPLAINER] Dri-Pak sells a pure white vinegar spray for around £2, while Wilko sells an own-brand version for just £1.50. Stardrops also have a white vinegar spray, available for around 99p in stores like Asda. Limescale can easily be dissolved using a mild acidic solution like white vinegar, but it should be diluted if it isn’t already to avoid corrosion Baking soda mixed with white vinegar can also create an affordable cleaning solution for limescale, although vinegar on its own should do the trick. Gemma Morrison said white vinegar was her “go-to” product when it came to any limescale in the home. READ MORE: DIY expert shares the ‘correct’ order to paint a room Cleaning with white vinegar regularly will prevent the limescale from appearing, helping to keep it at bay for longer periods of time. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended Viakal, which helps to target limescale in the bathroom. Viakal is a cheap bathroom spray which can help to remove dirt and bacteria trapped in limescale as well as prevent it from reappearing. Viakal can be purchased from a variety of retailers, including Asda, Sainsbury’s and Tesco for around £2, although it is often on offer for less than that. If you can easily reach the area, 2p coin may be all you need, especially when targeting toilet or shower limescale. Janet Goodman wrote: “Wet a 2p piece and the limescale will melt off.” Lisa Prince said: “A 2p works. I did it with my toilet when I moved into my property. Holding it at a slight angle, just rub the limescale build up. Almost like you are chipping it away.” Jo Ghigo commented: “Wet a 2p and then scrape it gently, be careful not to damage it. The limescale will come right off, it’s my go-to cleaning tip.” It is thought that a 2p coin creates a chemical reaction between copper and limescale to break it down. Sue Yale wrote: “I only use the 2p trick, does the job in two minutes.”