Houseplants add a decorative touch to your home, but they do much more than that. They also release oxygen into the air and help absorb allergens like dust, pollen, and mould. People spend a lot of time inside so indoor air quality is important. The following houseplants are adored for not only their attractive foliage but also their air-purifying qualities that make them a great addition to any room. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jo Lambell, founder of Beards and Daisies, said: We’re all looking for ways to help keep our house looking and feeling as fresh and clean as possible. Some weeks it can feel as though the dirt and dust is constantly accumulating and you just can’t keep on top of it quick enough. But what if we told you that some of our most gorgeous leafy plants could actually help remove dust from the air in your home? “Prefer the idea of lazily pottering around on a sunday morning watering and pruning a few houseplants over grabbing a can of Mr Sheen and a duster? Then you’re in luck! These houseplants are perfect for removing nasties from the air, including dust particles.” Snake plant or mother-in-law’s tongue is a very popular houseplant that also can be used outdoors in areas without direct sunlight. It is a very effective indoor air cleaner against formaldehyde, benzene, trichloroethylene, xylene, and toluene. READ MORE: ‘Best time’ to prune your Japanese maple - how to avoid ‘damage’ Jo noted that these plants are great at detoxifying the air. She said: “Don’t let the stylish appearance of this plant deceive you, it’s got substance as well as style! “This plant is renowned for its incredible air-purifying qualities, even NASA has studied this plant to really put its abilities to the test. “Because they release plenty of oxygen and moisture into the air, they’ll lessen the impact of allergens including dust and dander in your home - helping you breathe easy.” What’s more, the snake plant is also “incredibly easy to care for”, being part of the succulent family, so relax and let your plant do the hard work. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my kitchen grout [COMMENT]‘Best’ tip to remove stubborn kettle limescale to reduce energy bills [EXPERT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [TIPS] Hailed by many as the perfect plant, the kentia palm will not only create a gorgeous feature in your home, it will also keep you feeling relaxed and clear headed, thanks to the clean air it creates. Only needing minimal attention, the plant will add flare and elegance to your space without taking up much of your time. According to the houseplant pro, the kentia palm is one of the UKs most popular indoor plant. She said: “The kentia palm works hard to help you enjoy clean air in your home, removing even some of the most dangerous toxins such as formaldehyde, ammonia and even carbon monoxide. “This almost unkillable plant is a breeze to care for, even if you’re a first-time plant parent - it has minimal watering needs and doesn’t even mind living in shadier spots.” READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving Spider plants are highly effective at removing air pollutants, such as dust, carbon monoxide, formaldehyde, Xylene, and toluene. Jo said: “The popular spider plant is one of the best houseplants for cleaning nasties from the air! It lives particularly well in bathrooms and kitchens, so you can enjoy blissfully clean, pollutant-free air, whether you’re trying to cook up a storm in the kitchen or create an at-home spa-like experience. “Also championed by NASA, who found that the spider plant was able to remove 95 percent of formaldehyde from a sealed chamber in 24 hours. Just imagine how hard it could work in your home.” The spider plant is also considered a safe house plant if you have pets in your house. Peace lilies are stunning plants as they boast strong, dark leaves and tall elegant white flowers. Really easy to care for, this plant helps to filter out harmful benzene, trichloroethylene, and formaldehyde toxins. The houseplant pro said: “Beautifully blooming, the peace lily is a gorgeous plant that really does bring a sense of peace to any room. But aside from its zen-like appearance, it happens to be pretty helpful in keeping your home clean from dust too. “Not only does it work hard to help purify the air in your home, but its soil will help to absorb dust. We recommend ensuring that it’s soil is exposed to the air - so make sure you pot your plant correctly - to really get the most out of your peace lily’s cleaning abilities.”