Janette Manrara has announced she is expecting her first baby with husband Aljaz Skorjanec after the couple struggled to get pregnant. The married couple, who have both quit Strictly Come Dancing's main BBC show, will soon be expecting their new arrival. Janette, 39, revealed the couple had planned to undergo IVF treatment as they opened up about their bundle of joy in a new interview, but conceived naturally. The couple have admittedly been trying for some time to get pregnant and opted to use IVF as a last resort. Janette and Aljaz have given fans a behind the scenes look as they detailed all in a new interview with HELLO! magazine. Addressing their pregnancy struggles, Janette said: "For the past couple of years we hadn’t been using protection but nothing was happening, so we thought IVF was the next best thing for us to do." READ MORE: King Charles suffers blow as Adele 'turns down' Coronation  "I turn 40 later this year and the NHS offers really good services to women under 40. The doctor said that as soon as I got my period we would start injections, but my period never came." The on-screen star, who presents Strictly: It Takes Two, admitted she quit the dance show so that the couple could try for a baby. She added: "I know that IVF can be really strenuous on a woman’s body and there is no guarantee it will work, so to know that this little miracle just came from a wonderful night we had together is amazing. "I think the baby decided to make Mum and Dad panic a bit before saying, ‘ok, fine, I’m coming up now.'"  The BBC presenter admitted she broke the news to her doctor before telling her husband Aljaz she was expecting. Speaking about the moment she shared the positive pregnancy test with her beau, the couple were in tears and hugged each other. Janette also recalled their 12-week scan, saying she was "overwhelmed" with emotion. She added to the publication: "There really was a little human being growing inside me. I didn't realise how much they moved; the baby was literally flipping about." DON'T MISS... Patsy Kensit flashes engagement ring after millionaire beau proposes[LATEST]Richard Gere, 73, taken to hospital with pneumonia in Mexico[US]King Charles suffers blow as Adele 'turns down' Coronation[ROYALS] The Strictly stars have since taken to Instagram and shared the happy news. Janette told her 503,000 followers: "We’re so happy to share our special news! Click link in bio for more @hellomag." Celebrity pals flocked to comment on the post, as Oti Mabuse penned: "Congratulations." Faye Tozer gushed: "Eeeek! Congratulations!" Dr Zoe Smith wrote: "Yes yes yes!!! This is such special news. So happy for you guys." Aljaz also shared the news via his own Instagram account sharing the same message Janette penned. Strictly's head judge Shirley Ballas wrote: "Congratulations @aljazskorjanec." The It Takes Two presenter, who tied the knot with Aljaz in 2018, previously admitted she was tired of the constant speculation about when she'll start a family. The professional dancer revealed that there is a downside to the attention surrounding their five-year marriage, as they are often quizzed on whether they want to start a family together in the near future. She told OK! magazine last year: “It can be frustrating as a woman to feel that constant expectation but, in saying that, we’ve been really lucky because the public have been so lovely and kind to us. “Anything I’ve seen online about us has been beautiful. We count our blessings.” To read the full article, pick up the latest issue of HELLO! on sale now. 