Prince Harry has been told to take "accountability" for the "stress" he has inflicted on his family following the release of his memoir Spare. Paul Burrell, who served as royal butler to Harry's late mother Princess Diana, has been critical of the prince's attacks on the Firm and the "she did this, he did that" narrative. Speaking to Slingo.com Mr Burrell said: "On many levels Harry seems to be mixed up because at one moment he’s saying that Camilla sacrificed him on her PR altar. "Well, Harry, what have you done to the people whom you’ve talked about in your book? You’ve sacrificed them on your PR altar, used them to generate stories for your book. "It’s all she did this, he did that. He needs to take accountability for the part he has played and the stress he has caused his family." Harry and Meghan Markle left royal life behind in 2020, and have since relocated to Montecito in California where they live with their children.  In his book Harry revealed that he and older brother Prince William had begged their father not to marry Camilla, now Queen Consort, in 2005. He wrote: "Despite Willy and me urging him not to, Pa was going ahead. We pumped his hand, wished him well. No hard feelings. "We recognized that he was finally going to be with the woman he loved, the woman he’d always loved." READ MORE: Harry demands meeting with Charles and William before Coronation Harry has also used this platform to attack his stepmother's character, alleging she converted his old bedroom at Clarence House to her personal dressing room after he moved out. He claimed she had an agenda to amend her public image from the "other woman" to a respected wife and Queen Consort. He also accused some royals of "getting into bed with the devil" by leaking stories to the press, including one instance where Camilla supposedly gave away details of a private conversation with William. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore [LATEST]Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern [UPDATES]Eugenie 'broke ranks' by joining Harry for Super Bowl Event [REPORT] It was lately reported in The Telegraph that this particular conversation had actually been leaked by an assistant who was subsequently let go. In his interview with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes Harry called Camilla "dangerous" and "the villain" due to her connections to the media. He said: "There was open willingness on both sides to trade information. And with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street."