Xi Jinping's People's Republic of China (PRC) has opened up to compromise on climate change to appease the "gullible West," an expert has claimed. Policy analyst Chuck DeVore suggested Beijing is pretending to be concerned about the environment in a bid to secure favourable agreements with Western nations to strengthen the economy in preparation for "a conflict with America." DeVore hit out at the Biden administration and other political players in DC for believing Xi as he noted China has been building up its energy independence by increasing the use of domestic coal. The chief national initiatives officer at the Texas Public Policy Foundation said: "The Biden administration and frankly, too many policymakers in Washington, DC, continue to see China as a partner. "They look at things like cooperation with climate change as one of the things that we should be working with China on. "I find it utterly remarkable that Chairman Xi of China and the Chinese Communist Party gives a tinker's damn about the planet's climate or climate change." JUST IN: Donald Trump's 'connection' with King Charles could seal post-Brexit UK-US trade deal DeVore added: "It is merely a device to engage gullible Westerners into thinking that somehow we can get meaningful cooperation. "It's not at all about green energy. It's about making the Chinese economy resilient in the event of a conflict with America." According to the Wilson Center, President Xi pledged not to build any more coal-powered plants abroad in 2021. But Beijing has since contributed to setting up half of the world's new coal-based power plants – all of them on mainland China. READ MORE: 'I woke up coughing blood days after toxic train crash as my wife is plagued by headaches' DeVore told Fox News domestic coal allows the Chinese not to depend on foreign energy resources. China's own National Bureau of Statistics showed the country hit a coal production record in November, only weeks after Xi met with Biden to discuss climate goals. US Energy Information Administration data shows nearly 55 percent of China's energy comes from coal. In the United States, it is 11 percent. DeVore's warning comes as tensions between China and the US are at a high after Washington accused the PRC of launching a spying balloon to monitor sensitive hotspots across North America earlier this month. DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT] The accusation sparked a war of words with Beijing, with officials refuting the allegations. And this week Secretary of State Antony Blinken said intelligence showed China is considering providing Russia with "lethal support" to prop up its invasion of Ukraine. Geopolitical analyst Irina Tsukerman told Express.co.uk the growing tensions between the two nations could signal an impending military escalation. She said: "China is not particularly concerned about friendly gestures at the moment because where it matters - in the South China Sea- the preparations on both sides are gearing up towards an escalation of military preparation. "The US is increasing its military presence, and China increasingly brazenly threatens various countries, including Taiwan and Japan. "The stage is being openly set for a potential war, or at the very least, a Cold War, and the incident only enhances that perception." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews