If you thought delivery drones were a clever way to drop off items, then you'll love this new scheme organised by video game company SEGA. To celebrate the launch of real-time strategy game Company of Heroes 3, SEGA has enlisted the aid of homing pigeons to deliver copies of the new release. Perhaps even more bizarre is that Pub Landlord comedian Al Murray was also involved in the launch day stunt. Outside of his comedy career, Al Murray is a bit of a history buff, and has authored the book Command: How the Allies Learned to Win the Second World War. Murray advised SEGA on the best way to replicate WW2 delivery methods, which is where the homing pigeons come in. SEGA explains more: "During both the First and Second World Wars, the feathered creatures, sometimes called war pigeons, were depended upon to send military messages thanks to their homing ability, speed, and altitude. "Indeed, pigeons were so important that 32 of them even received medals in recognition of everything they endured in order to successfully deliver messages to those on the front line. "With the help of Birds for Film, the company which has trained animals for productions such as Harry Potter and The Crown, this method of communication was used once again as ‘CoHdy’ the homing pigeon ensured the franchise’s biggest fan received the third instalment before anyone else." Armed with a code for Company of Heroes 3, the homing pigeon made its way to the home of superfan James Dowdall in Clapham. We're not sure if pigeons will replace delivery drones, email or WhatsApp, but it's nice to see the old methods of delivery and sending messages can still be counted on when needed. Speaking of Company of Heroes 3, the SEGA strategy game has a February 23 release date and a 6pm launch time for fans living in the UK. Pre-order customers can download the game now, ready for when the servers go live later this evening. The new Company of Heroes game puts players in charge of ground, sea and air units in various WW2 battlegrounds. The game features destructible environments, primarily located in the Italian mountains, coastal towns and North Africa.