Tom Brady may have announced his retirement from the NFL "for good this time" but New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft wants just one more day with the legendary quarterback. Kraft issued the plea to Brady on Thursday morning, and wants him to retire as a Patriot. The sporting world woke up to a shock on Wednesday morning as Brady released a video stating that his time in the NFL was over, and thanked everyone along the way for aiding his success. Brady initially retired last year but then reversed his decision to play one final season with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. His announcement was a lot more lowkey this time around, but for the first time since 2000 there will be no more Brady in the NFL. Brady will be forever remembered for his incredible success with the Patriots, and Kraft wants the seven-time Super Bowl winner to retire officially with the franchise. He's happy to make that happen as quickly as "tomorrow", but will wait for whenever Brady is ready. Brady won six Super Bowl titles with the Patriots, but ended his 20-year stay to join the Buccaneers in 2020. The quarterback managed to add a seventh Super Bowl ring to his collection while over in Tampa, but for now, officially retires as a Buccaneers star. But Kraft wants Brady to end his career at the Patriots, the place that the iconic no.12 will be most fondly remembered at. Kraft isn't asking for another playing season from Brady, but he's keen for the star to sign a one-day contract to officially retire as a Patriot. Kraft spoke to CNN on Thursday morning, and sent Brady a message asking for him to return. "I'd do it tomorrow," said Kraft. "Not only do I want it, our fans are clamouring for it and to us, he always has been and always will be a Patriot... "We'll do everything we can in our power to bring him back, sign off as a Patriot and find ways to honour him for many years to come. He did so much to bring life and good cheer to our community and he's a beloved figure and he's earned the respect and love that people feel for him like no other athlete in our town and we've had some great ones." Brady and Kraft have remained close ever since the quarterback left the franchise in 2020, with the pair even attending various events together. The love has remained between Brady and his former franchise owner, and now Kraft is asking for one final favour. "Tommy, I'm always here for you, you are part of our family," said Kraft in closing when asked for a final message to his former quarterback. "I just love the guy so much. "There isn't anything I wouldn't do for him and I think he can do a lot of good things for America and reach out to a lot of people. Thank you for the time you gave us and everyone here in the New England region loves you and respects you and wants happiness for you in your life."