Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 will bring a resounding close to the ongoing series when it hits cinemas in May. The film is the third in the Marvel series and will be the final directed by James Gunn, who has helmed all the Guardians movies thus far. While fans are going to be sad to see the end of Rocket Raccoon, Groot, Gamora, and Star Lord, it was Drax star Dave Bautista who admitted to feeling the most emotional on set. Bautista recently spoke to Digital Spy about the end of the journey for the galactic superheroes. Shooting for the movie finished months ago, but it all became very real for the crew as they spent one last moment together on set. Bautista recalled: "There were days when we talked about [the end] on set. We took pictures, and we made videos. I remember shooting the last scene that we were all going to shoot together. It wasn't the last day. It wasn't even close to the last day. But it was the last time that the original version of the Guardians of the Galaxy were on set together." The former wrestler admitted it was an extremely emotional moment for the actors. "We were all in tears," he said. "So I'm sure there's more of that to come." Although the Marvel actors have had such a powerful and poignant time together creating this wacky universe, Bautista called the ending "bittersweet". Bautista was very new to Hollywood when he joined Guardians of the Galaxy, and has since exploded in popularity. As a result, he explained how "proud" he is of what the team have produced thus far. "I'm leaving behind people that I've been on this journey with for ten years," he said. "And they're family to me now. And I love them dearly." Looking back on the characters, Bautista praised how "quirky" the group of actors were, before admitting they were "expecting to fail" "But we knew that it was special," he added. "It felt special. It felt good. We were all so proud of what we had done." DON'T MISS...Kang theory - T'Challa's son is the next Thanos-level threatAnt-Man star admits she wants to fondle King Charles' ear lobesEvangeline Lilly once told Michael Douglas she'd 'like to f***' him Although Bautista is sad to see Drax and the Guardians of the Galaxy go, he previously admitted how relieved he is to be leaving him behind. The American star has played Drax for almost ten years at this point, and - because of the character's physique and style - the 54-year-old has been forced to remain at peak physical fitness for the shirtless alien. "I’m so grateful for Drax. I love him," he told GQ earlier this year. "But there’s a relief [that it’s over]. It wasn’t all pleasant. It was hard playing that role." He also pointed out the tough costuming process for the character. Bautista said: "The makeup process was beating me down. And I just don’t know if I want Drax to be my legacy - it’s a silly performance, and I want to do more dramatic stuff." The star has since starred in some more dramatic films, including Glass Onion, Dune, Army of the Dead and Knock at the Cabin. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 hits cinemas on May 5, 2023. The Guardians of the Galaxy films are available to watch on Disney Plus now.