The 55-year-old's new Netflix documentary explores her life and career. Talking about the tell-all series, Pamela Anderson joined The One Show and it didn't take long for viewers to flood social media with comments, with many expressing how "amazing" the actress was looking on the BBC chat show. Discussing the documentary after Pamela joined via video call, The One Show host Alex Jones wanted to know when the inspiration to create a documentary had struck Pamela. Alex explained: "It goes from childhood through to the present day, you use your diaries a lot because you've kept diaries the whole time. "It's a real insight, why did you feel that the time was right to do the documentary and the book now?" "Well, it was actually my kids that convinced me to tell my story," Pamela replied. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' "They said, 'mum, people think they know little bits and pieces of your life, but I think your whole story might be inspirational'. "And so I just thought... I just agreed with them. They could take me into anything. "I've always wanted to write a book about my life, but I didn't know that I was going to release it in my lifetime. "I thought I'd just keep on taking notes, so it all worked out. "Then the documentary came about and we decided to release them both on the same day. "And I gave access to all my archives, all my journals, everything. "I said, 'I don't want to know anything about the documentary, you just do what you think, and I'll write my book about my feelings and all the different chapters in my life and how I got through things.' "And it's been very therapeutic, really exciting. And it's been wonderful to have it be so well-received, so I'm thrilled." DON'T MISS... Strictly's Luba Mushtuk details partner wish for next series [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders star explains reason Ryan has returned [INTERVIEW]Jeremy Clarkson 'attacked' by cow after being in 'wrong place' [LATEST] Viewers were stunned by Pamela's "young" look and took to social media to compliment her appearance. Twitter user @AStevens591 wrote: "Pammy’s looking young on #TheOneShow." @suzysasha echoed, stating: "#TheOneShow Love @PamelaAnderson She looks amazing!" @_belgarda penned: "Loved Pamela documentary - a legend - such an awesome woman @OneShow #TheOneShow." "Pamela Anderson has aged magnificently #TheOneShow," @HopkinsNot shared. @Shell_LyraEvans added: "@BBCTheOneShow @pamelaanderson I never watched the Disney+ show as I thought it would disrespectful as she never signed off on it. After watching her documentary I’m glad I didn’t. "She has such a lovely spirit, she’s very endearing and has a huge heart. After all she’s been through I wish all the success.." The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. 