Business reporter Ben was at an artisan bakery in Failsworth reporting on the cost of living crisis. As he concluded his segment, he took the opportunity to tease BBC Breakfast hosts Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty about the treats on offer. But Charlie wasn’t happy when he was compared to a rather odd-looking biscuit. Ben concluded the segment: “Lots of very heavy, very serious issues there to digest. “I want to leave a smile on your faces just to look at some of the colourful, sweet tempting treats in the display here at the bakery. “Look at these gingerbread characters, I think they need a name though, and this one to me I think that looks like a Charlie. What do you think?” The camera zoomed in on the gingerbread character whose eyes were looking in opposite directions. READ MORE:BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up Back in the studio Naga gasped: “Ooh! It was going one way or another.” Charlie jumped in: “He’s got a peculiar eye that one, hasn’t it?” “That’s the one that was picked out by Ben,” Naga told her co-host. Ben insisted the gingerbread man had “charm” as Charlie demanded to see more of the bakery. “Can we have another look down the products there, just talk us through,” he insisted. Ben pointed out: “If you have a look down you’ve got muffins, you’ve got tarts, you’ve got flapjacks. You were talking about how difficult it was to get flapjacks right. “I was also being talked through, I don’t know if you can see them on the shelf through there, you may call them rolls or you may call them barms.” Ben rolled through different names for bread buns before cheekily adding: “I’ve learnt so much, if they need a part-time worker I think I could just about pass.” DON'T MISS...EastEnders' Martin Fowler star questions Ruby Allen exit plot hole [INTERVIEW]David Dickinson’s grandson sparks fight on Dragons’ Den  [VIDEO]BBC ageism row 'brewing' as top presenters axed ahead of merger [INSIGHT] “No, we need you back here, we’re not letting you go,” Naga warned him. “Ben, you can come back now. Thanks very much.” Earlier in the week, Naga shut down her BBC co-host Charlie when he told her to “cheer up”. Holding up a newspaper, he told Naga: “Just this story for you about which day we feel most miserable. It's not Thursday so cheer up." “Oh OK, I am happy,” Naga hit back but Charlie continued: “It used to be Blue Monday but they say it's actually Tuesday according to this." An argument ensued as Naga insisted it was “Tuesday” but Charlie continued: “There are loads of tweets showing that Tuesday is the day when everyone gets the most miserable." His co-ost fumed: “It has always been Tuesday. “If you work a five-day week, say Monday to Monday to Friday, my theory was when I worked five days a week... was Monday you started and then you thought, 'Okay, I'll just get through this'. "But when you got to Tuesday, you're just as tired and I've still got four more days to go.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.