Ex-Arsenal star Kevin Campbell has furiously taken aim at the VAR officials after they were forced to apologise for failing to spot that Christian Norgaard was offside in the build-up to the equaliser against his former side over the weekend. The midfielder was on hand to play the ball across the face of the goal to set up Ivan Toney for Brentford’s goal at the Emirates Stadium. The goal came just eight minutes after Leandro Trossard had opened the scoring for the Gunners in the tight contest, and the draw means that Manchester City are now breathing down their necks. Pep Guardiola’s side beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Sunday and are just three points behind Arsenal, being able to leapfrog the league leaders on Wednesday if they are able to beat the north London side. Though Campbell does not believe that it should be that close because Toney’s goal should have been chalked off. He furiously told Sky Sports: “I’m hearing all this but to be honest, whichever way you go, it’s offside. Pinnock’s offside, Norgaard’s offside. For me, the fact of the matter is that this could have serious consequences in the title run-in for Arsenal. DON'T MISS: Howard Webb 'furiously summons all Prem refs for emergency meeting' “I often say to myself, ‘how many things does a VAR official have to do?’, he doesn’t have a lot to do and even when you show the footage, you can see Norgaard trying to get himself back onside so obviously that should catch the eyes of the VAR official. “But for the head (Howard Webb) to come out and say that he’s forgotten the lines, it’s either one of two things, you don’t forget to draw the lines, that’s part of your job, so it’s either you’ve deliberately haven’t done it or you’ve forgotten. And if you’ve forgotten to do it, you’re not fit to do the job. That’s as far as I’m concerned, and that’s not because I’m an Arsenal fan, that should be across the board.” MUST READ...Arsenal need four players to step up to get title bid back on trackGary Neville told off after making Manchester City jibe live on TVMaguire shows true colours with message to Ten Hag after Man Utd win PMGOL released a statement over the weekend to blame ‘human error’ for the mistake made by VAR in Arsenal’s draw, as well as for Brighton having a goal wrongly ruled out for offside against Crystal Palace. Though Campbell does not believe an apology is enough and that they should not even be in a position where they need to express their regret. The Arsenal hero continued: “It's great to know that there; s an apology but what does that actually do? Because of all the eyeballs that are on (the match), the VAR official, the VAR official has an assistant, etc, what do they see? If everyone else could see it, they should be able to see it. More training? Come on. This is crazy stuff, as far as I’m concerned. It’s just people not doing their job properly, it’s as simple as that.”