Arsenal defender William Saliba has dropped a big hint that he will soon sign a new contract. The Frenchman's current deal expires at the end of next season. Saliba has been one of the stars of the campaign so far for Arsenal. After returning from three loan spells away from the club, he has started every single Premier League match this term. He initially joined the Gunners in 2019 but had to wait over three years to make his first-team debut. He was already a full France international by the time he pulled on the Arsenal jersey. Saliba says time on loan helped him develop as a player. But he was always looking forward to returning to the Emirates to make an impact in English football. READ MORE: Potter's comments on Aubameyang clash with why Arteta wanted him gone  He told the Arsenal website: "It helped me a lot because when you are a young player you have to play to improve, so that’s why I took the chance to improve, make mistakes and grow up as well. It was a good experience for me, and I came back better. "I didn’t play one single game here so I always thought about that. I couldn’t leave this amazing club without playing so I always had it in my head to come back and play. "Before I returned, I wanted to play every game but I didn’t know if that would happen. I worked hard and everyone at the club helped me to be a good starter, but it is not finished." Saliba has settled in at Arsenal better than most would have expected. But his long-term future is in doubt while his contract edges towards its expiry. DON'T MISSMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit routeMan Utd coach McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes as impressive details emergeFernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ and overlooks Brentford loss  Bukayo Saka looks set to commit his future to Arsenal by signing a new long-term deal. And Saliba has hinted he will do the same, insisting he wants to win every trophy possible in north London. He added: "I have to keep going and training hard because we are all good; even the players who don’t start. We are all at the same level so that’s good competition. I want to win everything possible here, and to put the club back on the very top. I want to win every title. "We all want to win the Premier League, and I’ve never won a trophy so that’s why I work every day, but we know we have 15 games left and it’s not going to be easy. We have to focus and never give up because the Premier League is hard."  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.