The Loose Women panel kicked off the programme by discussing the latest updates which have come from the police regarding their investigation into missing mother Nicola Bulley. While the panel each had their differences regarding how the case had been handled so far, it was Jane and Kelle who got into a heated discussion which left viewers furious. Kelle expressed her distrust for the police after recent cases where the officers were involved in the crimes. She began: "I guess my personal issue is the trust for the police. I think people have every right to ask them questions. "I'm not talking about sort of keyboard warriors, I am talking about those who have an informed place who have done their reading and done their research from what is available. "The kind of people the call in to talk shows and want to ask questions," however Jane had an issue with Kelle's point. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' "But from what's available, that is not necessary that is all that is available that is just what you know from reading online," she slammed. Kelle agreed and continued: "Absolutely, I agree from what's available which is why they are asking questions because maybe not everything is available to them. "So I think as a member of the public we are entitled to ask them questions. The police historically and we can look at the evidence and some of it is positive and some of it isn't. "We can look at the Stephen Lawrence case, where there are a plethora of issues and failings by the police, that family were right to ask them questions.  "Asking questions is what helps to solve cases, and I am not saying that it is right to put things on social media or turn up at the scene, but I do think we have a right to ask those questions. "If we look at the case of David Carrick who was a Met police officer, or Wayne Couzens, there are so many historical cases where the police have had catastrophic failings, so we as the public..." Jane disagreed with how Kelle went about her explanation and interrupted once again: "There are 160,000 police officers in this country so to besmirch them all on the basis of David Carrick and Wayne Couzens. "You can't take two cases and say that the police made mistakes, I just think the guys on the ground, the police officers are going into the water. DON'T MISS:Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set [LATEST]BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness  [WATCH]Endeavour's Shaun Evans lands new role as Morse series comes to an end [INSIGHT] "Putting very long hours in," however, Kelle was annoyed at Jane for her comments and added: "I didn't say, I have not in any way said anything about this case in terms of how they are handling it. "But what I am saying is, we have a right to ask questions." Viewers were left annoyed at Jane for interrupting Kelle throughout the conversation and took to their Twitter accounts. @Dc7073Bloss fumed: "#LooseWomen Oh Jane f**k off. There's been more than two cases, for god's sake the Met are investigating more than 20." Pedro Lopes commented: "Exactly, she’s so bloody condescending and dismissive. Get her off TV!" @UKTVForever exclaimed: "#LooseWomen let her speak Jayne this isn’t your show FGS." @MammafulZo added: "Good grief, Jane could let Kelly speak on @loosewomen She’s so opinionated & if she doesn’t agree with someone she talks over them, rude!! "Kelly [sic] had a fair point that after recent events people are less trusting of the police #loosewomen." Anna Ashton said: "Can we let Kéllé finish her point!?!?! And actually, listen to her? Jesus Christ #LooseWomen." However, not all viewers were against what Jane had to say on the topic and defended her line of reasoning. @MadameMarge expressed: "Kelle getting the wrong end of the stick again…#loosewomen." @Howitis345 wrote: "Stephen Lawrence was murdered.. This is a missing person with no evidence of a crime #loosewomen." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.