Cats often leave their mess in people’s flowerbeds, gravel or in other soft substances like sand. Usually, cats will poo in people’s gardens if they feel their territory is under imminent threat. This may be more likely if you live in an area that has a high cat population. Not only can cats leave a mess but they can permanently damage plants too and can contaminate the soil. Luckily, a fan of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has shared their simple solution for stopping cats from fouling in gardens. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, a Facebook user shared her solution for preventing cats from defecating in her garden. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn mould around my window - photos Vickie Thompson posted: “I’ve had a cat leaving its mess in my garden. I've added white vinegar and lemon juice to a spray bottle, it seems to have done the trick.” She added: “I just spray around every few days, even my fence it seems to have stopped them coming in the garden.” The post was inundated with more than 50 comments from Mrs Hinch fans praising the solution. Sue Holliday wrote: “Will have to try that.” Tina Jones commented on the post: “Thank you for that tip.” DON'T MISSFour ‘very offensive’ plants ‘effective’ at deterring rats [INSIGHT]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [UPDATE]Use natural method that 'takes no time at all' to descale kettle [ANALYSIS] White vinegar, lemon juice and lemons can be bought from most local supermarkets and online. DriPak Pure White Vinegar costs £1 from Wilko and Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray costs £1.50. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs £1 from Asda. Jif Lemon Juice costs 50p from Asda. JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Lemons cost 55p for four and Sainsbury's Lemons Unwaxed cost £1 for a minimum of five. The social media post was also inundated with suggestions from other Mrs Hinch fans who offered their own solutions. READ MORE: Six ‘effective’ options to stop pigeons pooing in your garden Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some of the suggestions included using chilli powder, moth balls, coffee grounds, plastic forks, garlic water, curry plants, lavender and onions. Els Bloomfield said: “Put some chilli powder where the cat goes. It will stop going there but you have to keep redoing it after rain. “I have cats coming occasionally in my garden but this stops them from messing up my garden.” Sue Hudson commented on the post: “Garlic water sprayed where they go.” Linda Witter wrote: “Buy some moth balls and scatter [them] around the garden...they hate the smell.” Michelle Nottingham posted on the social media site: “I used coffee grounds. Or perm solution.” Sam Nicholls said: “I have cats and to stop them I placed holly cuttings in my flower beds. I also have lavender and curry plants they rub on both. So I built them their own catmint bed.” Ann Marie Thorley suggested: “Plastic forks from the pound shop. Stick them in between flowers - they won't go on there.” Neaks Sumner replied: “Curry plant is apparently another one you can try. Or orange peel. Scattered.” Jan Kusnierek wrote: “I would throw my onion peelings in the garden or slice up one and scatter it around. Seemed to help the problem when I had the same issue.”