A disturbed Florida teenager who claimed to hear voices in his head telling him to kill has pled guilty to murdering his 13-year-old classmate in a horrific attack. Aiden Fucci, now 16, said he was sorry to his victim's family as he admitted to stabbing her 114 times and leaving her body in a wooded area in their quiet neighbourhood of Jacksonville. Tristyn Bailey, a cheerleader at Patriot Oaks Academy, was last seen on CCTV footage walking with her killer and classmate, Aiden Fucci, on May 9, 2021 in St Johns County. The same camera captured Fucci walking alone around an hour later.  Fucci eventually admitted to being with Bailey that night after changing his story several times, court documents show. Officers then searched his house and found the clothes he was wearing on the night of the murder - covered in blood. The teen, who was 14 years old at the time, is being charged as an adult but won't be eligible for the death penalty due to his age at the time of the murder. He changed his plea on the same day jury selection was scheduled to begin in his first-degree murder trial but on Monday, Fucci's defence surprisingly entered a guilty plea. “I just want to say I plea guilty and I’m sorry for the Bailey family and my family,” Fucci said in a brief statement to the court Monday. At an earlier trial hearing, the distrubed teen could be heard mumbling: "Please don’t let the demons take my soul. The demons are going to take my soul away," according to WJXT-TV. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's family and friends hurt by 'vile' online theories His friends also previously told investigators that he openly fantasized about violence and murder and had spoken about wanting to kill something in the woods. The pupil would also draw pictures of mutilated bodies and tell friends that he heard voices in his head telling him to kill people. After the slaying of the popular teen, Fucci appeared to show little remorse and revelled in the attention as he posted Snapchat videos in the back of the police car before his initial interview. He also reportedly bragged about the grisly crime and threatened both inmates and prison staff while in jail awaiting his trial. His mum, Crystal Smith, is also charged with tampering with evidence after investigators obtained footage of her washing blood from her son's jeans in a bathroom sink shortly after they took him for questioning. She has since posted bond and is due back in court on April 4. Fucci faces a maximum life sentence in prison, and could have his term reviewed after 25 years behind bars. He is set to be due back in court on February 23 when the sentencing is expected to take place. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews Teen who heard 'demons' admits to killing cheerleader, 13, by stabbing her over 100 times