Tua Tagovailoa is reportedly taking judo classes to learn how to fall correctly, after a brutal year for the Miami Dolphins quarterback. Concussions saw Tagovailoa ruled out during part of the regular season and also miss the play-offs, but he's "on a mission" for 2023. Tagovailoa is attempting to bounce back with some force next season, after an injury ridden campaign with the Dolphins. The Dolphins quarterback was placed on concussion protocol twice during the season, although many believed that it should have been three times. Tagovailoa was on the receiving end of some unfortunate hits during the season, and missed their Wildcard Weekend clash against the Buffalo Bills as a result. The former fifth overall pick looks better with every season, and will be hoping that his fourth year in the NFL is better than ever. And according to team-mate Alec Ingold, he's certainly been putting in the work. Tagovailoa may have missed the end of the 2022 season, but he's got plenty of time to be at his best for the start of the next campaign. Many feel as though the Dolphins would have beaten the Bills in the play-offs if Tagovailoa was fit, as they went close with third-string quarterback Skylar Thompson on the field. As a quarterback you're always going to be vulnerable to hits, but Tagovailoa was extremely unfortunate last season. However, he's going the extra mile to ensure that he protects himself more from now on. Ingold appeared on the Adam Schefter Podcast to discuss all things Dolphins, and let slip about Tagovailoa's recent activity. "Tua's awesome, to be able to see his smiling face and get him back in the facility, when we are going to meetings and stuff, it's cool to see," Ingold said. "Being himself, being healthy, being happy. I know he's talking about doing judo classes now to learn how to fall right, I have no doubt that man's going to be on a mission next year. It's going to be fun to watch." Tagovailoa confirmed to Up and Adams that he will be taking judo classes one day a week in a follow-up interview. "We’ve got a plan set up," Tagovailoa said. "I’ll be doing Judo on Fridays just so that I can kind of figure out understanding my body and how to fall. Just trying to help myself."