Kamala Harris has been slammed as “detached from reality” over claims bills are lower for Americans under Joe Biden. The Vice President appeared in Maryland on Wednesday to tout the Biden administration's economic relief programmes. Speaking at Bowie State University, Harris rattled off claims about policies she and Biden have passed to help working people. Harris said: "Every day, Joe Biden and I talk about and work together with our partners, like former leader (Congressman Steny) Hoyer — current leader Hoyer — to lower the cost for the people of our nation, because you are a leader. “For working families, we have reduced heating and electricity bills so folks have more money in their pockets to buy things like school supplies, replace the dishwasher or take a family vacation.” But the Republican National Congress provided a quick fact check of her statement, commenting: "What is she talking about? Electricity is up 11.9 percent, fuel oil is up 27.7 percent, and natural gas is up 26.7 percent over last year." Republicans then piled in on Harris’ claims, with Wisconsin Rep. Tom Tiffany lashing out at the Vice President. "Is she really that detached from reality?” he said. The lawmaker also pointed out electricity is up 11.9 percent, while New York City Council Republican Leader Joe Borelli added: "Can anyone say their January bill was less than Jan 2022 or Jan 2021 or Jan 2020? Seriously." RNC rapid response director Tommy Pigott claimed: “Either Harris knows she is lying and doesn’t care, or is so completely out of touch she thinks this flat-out lie is true.” READ MORE: Bride and groom miss their own wedding reception after getting stuck Former GOP congressional candidate and US Navy veteran Joe Billie chimed in, saying his bills have never been higher. “You’re as outta touch as your boss. My heating bills were $200-250 during winter 2017, 18, 19 and 20. “Now over $375 and it’s a mild winter. Another joke of a VP. A democrat standard." "I'm not aware of anywhere in the United States where electricity prices or heating prices have gone down," Steve Milloy, a senior legal fellow at the Energy & Environment Legal Institute, told Fox News Digital when asked about Harris’ comments. "Energy prices generally have gone up. Oil prices, gas prices, everything. "Right from the beginning, Joe Biden put a chill on energy production. "He just discouraged it. So, there was less investment that went into it."