Marjorie Taylor Greene has hit out at Joe Biden, accusing him of choosing "Ukraine over America" after his surprise visit to Kyiv. The Republican Georgia representative unleashed the scathing assessment ahead of Biden's speech in Poland. The President, 80, issued a renewed warning to Vladimir Putin - but Greene is among GOP members who accuse him of neglecting issues at home.  Greene described Biden's trip as “incredibly insulting”. "Today on our President’s Day, Joe Biden, the President of the United States chose Ukraine over America, while forcing the American people to pay for Ukraine’s government and war. I can not express how much Americans hate Joe Biden,” she said in a Twitter post on Monday. “I cannot express how much Americans hate Joe Biden.” Republican Scott Perry, who serves as chairman of the hardline House Freedom Caucus, was also highly critical. He said: “Breathtaking that President Biden can show up in Ukraine to ensure their border is secure, but can’t do the same for America." Florida Governor Ron DeSantis also tore into what he dubbed a “blank-check” police on Ukraine. Speaking to Fox & Friends, he said: “They have effectively a blank-check policy with no clear, strategic objective identified, and these things can escalate, and I don't think it's in our interests to be getting into a proxy war with China, getting involved over things like the borderlands or over Crimea. "So I think it would behoove them to identify what is the strategic objective that they're trying to achieve, but just saying it's an open-ended blank check, that is not acceptable.” Congressman Greg Murphy, M.D., for North Carolina, added: “So it takes two years for Joe Biden to visit the war zone he created at our southern border, but then he goes to see another war zone he created in Ukraine.” READ MORE: Biden slams Putin's 'craven lust for land and power' Rep. Matt Gaetz, from Florida, also said: “When our border is in crisis, Joe Biden goes home to nap in Delaware. “When Ohio burns with toxic chemicals, Biden’s admin says everything is fine. “So on Presidents’ Day, I’m not surprised that Biden is ditching America for Ukraine. “He ditched America’s interests since since the start of his presidency. They can keep him!” Speaking from Poland on Tuesday, Biden hit out at "autocrats in the world" who have "gotten weaker, not stronger” and reaffirmed US support for NATO and Ukraine. “President Putin's craven lust for land and power will fail and the Ukrainian people's love for their country will prevail,” Biden told an audience of hundreds waving Polish, Ukrainian and American flags. “Democracies of the world will stand guard over freedom today, tomorrow and forever … That's what's at stake here: freedom." Biden also condemned the "extraordinary brutality of Russian forces and mercenaries" who have committed "crimes against humanity without shame or compunction". "They’ve targeted civilians with death and destruction, used rape as a weapon of war, stolen Ukrainian children in an attempt to steal Ukraine’s future,” Biden said.