The end of the transfer window does not mean Premier League clubs cannot add to their squads between now and the end of the season. Players who are not registered to any team can be picked up at any stage between now and the summer and the likes of Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal can take advantage if they desperately need to add to their squads at any time over the next few months. Isco Perhaps the most exciting option available is five-time Champions League winner Isco. The Spaniard has been on the lookout for a new club since he was released by Sevilla in December and looked to be on the verge of a move to Union Berlin before it fell through. The 30-year-old could provide the technical X-factor that a host of Premier League clubs need which could prove to be the difference come the final day of the season. Artem Dzyuba The Russian has spent most of his career in his homeland but is now a free agent after a failed short stint in Turkey with Adana Demirspor. While Dzyuba has no experience within some of the biggest leagues in Europe he has been a prolific presence up front for the Russian national team scoring regularly in major tournaments. However, he may struggle to be accepted by many fanbases within the Premier League after he suggested that Russia was subject to double standards over the country’s invasion of Ukraine. Max Kruse The veteran German was released by Wolfsburg in November but could yet become an option for Premier League sides who require reinforcements in attack. The 34-year-old is capable playing as a No 9 or No 10 and could therefore be a versatile option for clubs who are struggling for goals. He comes with huge experience and is something of a leader having captained some of his former teams. Sime Vrsaljko The Croatian right-back has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs in the past with Manchester United among the sides credited with an interest in 2018. He has been on the lookout for a new club since November following a poor spell with Olympiacos. With 52 caps for Croatia as well as Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan on his CV, the 31-year-old comes with a significant pedigree and is a solid option for any clubs looking to strengthen at right-back. Danny Rose If Premier League experience is what clubs need then Danny Rose could be someone that they turn to. The 32-year-old enjoyed the best years of his career at Tottenham but has lost his way in recent years after spells with Newcastle and Watford. He has been clubless since September but if anyone can tap into the kind of performances he displayed when he was in his prime they would have an excellent left-back on their hands.