 The popularity of both Harry and Meghan has fallen in both the UK and the US, although more so in the UK, and a human behaviour expert and best-selling author has told Express why this is, in her professional opinion. Dr. Lillian Glass is a human behaviour and body language expert. She is the author of the best-seller Toxic People: Toxic People: 10 Ways Of Dealing With People Who Make Your Life Miserable. She explained why, in her professional view, Meghan's popularity is slipping in both countries. She claimed Americans find "find Meghan Markle phoney, contrived and overdramatic". READ MORE: Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home & prices average $1.42M  She claimed: "It's in the tone of her voice, her body language, there's nothing genuine there. "Shey's very phoney, she's contrived, she's very overdramatic. The ways she pauses when she speaks. The way showed how she bowed for Queen." Lillian highlighted a moment in the documentary that saw some backlash against the Duchess when she described having to curtsey upon meeting the Queen for the first time. During the to-camera interviews, Meghan performed an exaggerated bow, and said: "Pleased to meet your, Your Majesty." DON'T MISS'They know when and where to show affection': Rare Kate and William PDA [PICTURES] Prince Harry 'will never redeem himself in American society' [EXPERT] 'People hate me because I look just like a young Kate Middleton' [REAL LIFE] Lillian also claimed Meghan's habit of smiling in paparazzi pictures and looking into the camera when other subjects don't have also impacted the way the public responds to her. Dr. Lillian calimed: "The toothy smile, when nobody else in the photographs or the videos is smiling, but she does." "It's human behaviour, and having studied human behaviour for four decades, I can tell you that people are so sensitive to that kind of thing." Dr. Lillian recently told Express, in her view, Prince Harry will "never redeem himself in American society" after the publication of his autobiography Spare. She said: "You see a little boy, you see a little boy whining. You see somebody that's telling you things that are like a child, 'my like brother hit me.' What brothers and sisters don't fight? It's such benign events, tattle-taling. "The reason why he's 50 percent below in his popularity right now after the book and the Netflix show is because, in my view having written the best-selling book Toxic People, he has displayed many typically 'toxic' traits. "First of all, people don't like people who are complainers and non-solvers, that's number one. And number two, they don't like people who gossip and that's what this really is, a whole gossip fest about nothing, about bridesmaids' dresses."