Happy Valley fans were on the edge of their seat as the third season came to a dramaic close on Sunday night. James Norton has starred as Tommy Lee Royce since the series began years ago and recently opened up about changes made to his costumes to help him manage his diabetes. The actor, who has also starred in McMafia and Grantchester, has type 1 diabetes and reguarly had to inject himself with insulin up to 15 times a day. He now has a Dexcom, a device which helps him keep track of his insulin levels. But James originally branded his diagnosis with a type 1 diabetes as "traumatic" and a "complete b***h". The actor has previously explained how he had a glass of orange juice close by in case his blood sugars dropped. READ MORE: Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat However, he'd also ask costume departments to make minor alterations to his outfits to help him stay on top of the condition. James explained: "Being in a play is complicated because I might be on stage for up to an hour-and-a-half. "If it's a period drama I'll ask the costume designers to create a hidden pocket where I can stash some sugar tablets. "Then, if I start to feel shaky, I'll improvise: I'll wander upstage, throw three dextrose tablets in my month and then carry on with the scene." He added to The Times: "I've lost count of the number of times I've done that." James has also spoken about how he's had to strategically place his Dexcom when stripping off for scenes. While the actor usually wears the device on his chest, he has had to place it on his bottom. He said in 2019 to MailOnline: "As an actor, I'm constantly changing costumes. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley has now wrapped up forever with fans hit with a big final [EXCLUSIVE]POLL: Should Happy Valley continue for a fourth series? [VOTE]Happy Valley fans demand answers over mystery of Poppy’s coat  [REACTION] "Sometimes I have to do a scene naked, with my top off, or wearing tight clothes. "I don't want to be attached to two pieces of equipment." Following the season three finale of Happy Valley, James took to Instagram to share a photo of himself hugging co-star Sarah Lancashire, who played the much-loved Catherine Cawood. He kept details of the episode a secret for fans yet to watch it but simply captioned the snap with "#HappyValley". James can next be seen in the upcoming adaptation of A Little Life, which will run in London's West End. He is playing Jude, the main character of the critically acclaimed novel by Hanya Yanagihara. Happy Valley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer now.