Florida journalist, Dylan Lyons, and a 9-year-old girl were shot dead Wednesday afternoon when reporting on a local killing in Pine Hills. The 24-year-old Spectrum News 13 journalist and a 9-year-old girl were killed, while a TV crewmember and the girl’s mother were wounded during the second shooting. They are in critical condition at a local hospital. Orange County Sheriff John Mina said during a news conference that they arrested suspect Keith Melvin Moses, 19, for both shootings in the Orlando-area neighborhood. Moses smirked as he was taken away in handcuffs. Mina said Orange County police don’t immediately have a motive for any of the shootings. "So, the suspect is not saying much right now," Mina said. "It is unclear if he knew they were news media or not. We’re still trying to work all that out." Mina said the News 13 vehicle did not look like a typical news van with TV station markings. READ MORE: Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis could 'move UK-US trade deal up agenda' Deputies rushed to the Pine Hills area, just northwest of Orlando, on Wednesday morning following reports of a woman in her 20s being shot. Moses "was an acquaintance of the woman this morning, but as far as we know, had no connection to the reporters and no connection to the mother and the 9-year-old,” Mina said. According to witnesses, a man approached the news vehicle later Wednesday and opened fire, hitting the two reporters. The man then walked to a nearby home and shot the mother and daughter. WFTV crews, who were also reporting on the morning shooting, tried to give medical aid to the Spectrum 13 journalists. Mina said Moses is already facing a murder charge for the first victim, and charges are expected soon for the other four victims. Moses’ criminal history includes gun charges, as well as aggravated battery, assault with a deadly weapon, burglary and grand theft offenses, the sheriff said. Lyons' devastated fiancee, Casey Lynn, has since taken to Twitter to share her grief. With a link to a GoFundMe page set up by Lyons' sister, she wrote: "The love of my life was murdered. I will never be the same again. Lyons, who would have turned 25 next month, was described as "an acting father to his niece and nephew who he loved so much" by his sister Rachel. She added: "He was a happy soul and a wonderful person in life. My brother was our baby. He was taken too early from us." DON'T MISS Tragedy as five killed in plane crash near Clinton Airport [INSIGHT]Pentagon releases selfie photo of suspected Chinese balloon [ANALYSIS]Missing woman identified after severed foot discovered in shoe [VIDEO] Worldwide 40 journalists were reported killed last year, plus another two this year before Wednesday, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. Only one of those was in the United States. Jeff German, who covered politics and corruption for the Las Vegas Review-Journal, was found dead outside of his home in September after being stabbed multiple times. Former Clark County Public Administrator Robert Telles, who had been a frequent subject of German’s reporting, has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge. In 2015, Virginia reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were shot and killed during their live TV broadcast for CBS affiliate WDBJ7. The suspect, a former reporter for the TV station, died by suicide during the law enforcement search for him. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews