Furious campaigners are fighting to save more than 100 trees from being cut down as part of a regeneration project. The group is taking on Plymouth City Council, handing in a petition with 12,500 signatures and organising a rota for members to watch over the area. The Save The Trees of Armada Way team are bidding to stop 129 trees in the city centre from being felled. Member Lisa Edwards, 57, insists she will stand by the trees to “deter a chainsaw, whatever the consequences”. The retired counsellor, who was up early on Christmas morning to patrol the area, said: “I’m fully prepared to do that because it’s important to me. I’m not an activist, I’m just a local grandmother.” Founder Alison White, 40, said Plymouth is “lucky” to have the trees and branded the decision to chop them down “unthinkable”. The group is demanding that the trees, which were planted in the 1980s, are incorporated into the new design. Ms White said: “Plymouth is lucky to have so many mature trees in the heart of the city. They are a real asset, something other places would be retaining at all costs. “Plymouth City Council has made the unthinkable decision to fell almost every tree on a 380-metre stretch of Armada Way, an area described on their own website as an ‘urban forest’, in order to reimagine an outdated 80-year-old vision of the city. “We are fighting to save the trees and asking the council to re-design the scheme to incorporate as many healthy, mature, much-loved trees as possible. “We started the campaign because we felt as though the people of Plymouth should have a say in whether these trees are felled or not. “It is public land, nearly £13million of public money is being spent and the public has not been consulted.” Members of the campaign group meet regularly and have a “tree watch” rota on WhatsApp to keep a close eye on the area. The regeneration of the city’s central post-war boulevard involves a cycle lane, water features, and 150 new trees. The council has announced it will be running an engagement programme from today for members of the public to express their views. It had previously said that the aim of the new design was to “create a more impressive route through the city centre and a clear visual link to the sea, which was the original ­ambition of Armada Way”. Plymouth City Council did not respond to requests for comment yesterday.