Loris Karius is currently a man in the spotlight. The Newcastle star is set for a crack at redemption when the Toon lock horns with Manchester United in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday afternoon. And all eyes will be on the German, with the match taking place five years after he famously made two errors in the 2018 Champions League final while playing for Liverpool against Real Madrid. That was his last appearance for an English team before this weekend. Back in 2018, Liverpool were hoping to win the Champions League. Jurgen Klopp had guided them to the final, with the Reds beating the likes of Sevilla, Porto, Manchester City and Roma on their way to the showpiece event in Kiev. And Karius was given the nod between the sticks, with the German preferred to the inconsistent Simon Mignolet. It would take 51 minutes for the deadlock to be broken in Ukraine. Unfortunately for Karius, Real would take the lead through Karim Benzema - with the German throwing the ball straight to the France international, who then duly converted. Liverpool were able to level through Sadio Mane before a Gareth Bale wonder goal put Real back in front. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Karius then fluffed his lines again for Los Blancos’ third goal, allowing a straightforward Bale shot to sail through him. The shot-stopper was left in tears at full-time and, in the years since, has faded into obscurity. Speaking in the immediate aftermath of his errors, Karius took to Twitter to issue an apology. He said: "Haven't really slept until now... the scenes are still running through my head again and again... I'm infinitely sorry to my team-mates, for you fans, and for all the staff. I know that I messed it up with the two mistakes and let you all down... "As I said I'd just like to turn back the time but that's not possible. “It's even worse as we all felt that we could have beaten Real Madrid and we were in the game for a long time... "Thank you to our unbelievable fans who came to Kiev and held my back, even after the game. “I don't take that for granted and once again it showed me what a big family we are. Thank you and we will come back stronger." In an interview with talkSPORT, he also said: "I don't feel anything right now. Today I lost my team the game. "I feel sorry for everyone. I'm so sorry for everyone, for the team, for the whole club. The mistake cost us dearly. If I could go back in time I would. "I just feel sorry for my team. I know I let them down today. "It is very hard right now, but that is the life of a goalkeeper. You have got to get your head up again. "For now, I'm just really sorry for everyone that those goals cost us the title basically." Then, back in December, Karius was again quizzed on the worst night of his career. The 29-year-old revealed he had no bad blood with Jurgen Klopp over his Reds exit - though did admit he found being left out of their squad last season tough to take. He said: “My time at Liverpool was over and I was looking to move on [in 2021], but then there was difficulties to get a transfer done. “I found myself in a situation where I had to stay at Liverpool, knowing I wouldn’t get my chance. “It was discussed openly with the manager. There’s no bad blood, but knowing the situation from the beginning was tough. “Last season, being left out of the matchday squad, you lose a bit of the feeling you have when you win, lose and travel with the team. “You just miss it. It’s then not easy to stay positive and keep working because you obviously know you are not going to be involved. “I learned a lot from that and tried my best in training and kept myself positive on the mental side. “I’ve played over 200 games in the first division and national teams so I knew my qualities. “I knew I had plenty to offer. I am only turning 30 and that’s not old for a keeper, but of course, last season was difficult.” Now, Karius is hoping for redemption. And whether Liverpool will be able to celebrate a Newcastle victory over United on Sunday with Karius remains to be seen.