Now the chickens are coming home to roost. We cannot even be trusted by Nato to be on the front line of any engagement with Russia and are considered unfit to take over our scheduled role in the Rapid Reaction Force. Given that the first duty of government is to protect its citizens, we have been comprehensively let down. The problem is partly “modernisation”. It was not the age of Nelson so we felt it safe to run down the fleet until the Falklands War showed us the danger of not having enough frigates, so we paused for a while and then started again. It is not the age of the foot soldier, we are told, as modern warfare will be won with weapons. So we have steadily reduced our troops. Don’t need foot soldiers? Then why the draft in both Russia and Ukraine? We need to build up our forces, which for far too long have been a convenient milch cow for a Treasury perpetually in search of cuts. And we need to concentrate our efforts on Nato, which has kept its members safe since the last world war, not become embroiled with the European Defence Union which is merely part of the EU’s ambition to become a superstate. (What price a state without an army?) The other problem is identifying where the next threat will come from. We relaxed too soon when the Cold War finally ended and now the threat is once again Russia. We pulled out of Afghanistan prematurely and now the Taliban is back. Whoever our enemies may turn out to be, we should be equipped to deal with them.  The banks are under fire for suggesting it is the public who want them to close branches. If they had said simply that the public no longer use them enough to justify the expense, which is palpably true, there would have been less indignation. Big companies and organisations habitually hide behind the public when the real issue is money. A few years ago, Vodafone withdrew its maritime service. As I regularly speak on cruise ships, I asked why and was told customers “did not want it” because the charges were so high and their bills were a nasty shock. Eh? Were they compelled to use it? Were the charges not published? I suspect it didn’t pay, so why not say so? Then Sainsbury’s withdrew its deli counters, saying customers could find all they needed in the aisles. The whole point of the deli counter was that customers could choose the exact amounts and thickness of cuts of cheese, meat etc. It was a genuinely personal approach which a pre-determined number of slices at standardised thickness is not. The worst example I encountered was when Southwark Council turned the road in which I then lived from unrestricted parking to meters. The whole street was up in arms but the council had the gall to say it was “responding to public demand”. Time for some honesty, chaps.  I cannot believe the outbreak of cattiness towards the Afghan interpreters and other helpers who are reluctant to be uprooted from hotels in London to one in Yorkshire. Having served us well, they were betrayed by us for years and rescued in a last-minute chaotic scramble and panic, arriving here with nothing but that which they could carry, while others were left to the tender mercies of the Taliban. Children were placed in London schools where they have learned the language and have settled down, adults found jobs. If they were being moved to Yorkshire to be settled in their own permanent accommodation that would be different but it is just to another hotel, with children uprooted to no certain future. We owe them more than that.  Nicola Sturgeon is a victim of her own arrogance. Riding roughshod over public opinion, she introduced her extreme transgender laws and seemingly relished a confrontation with Westminster. Now 42 percent in a recent poll want her to stand down. Is this the beginning of the end for the SNP?  One of my friends who has just died in his nineties was a wartime evacuee. It is a generation now dying out and membership of The British Evacuees Association has fallen from 2,000 to 600 in 10 years. The charity can no longer afford to survive and it faces closure in June. This is simply the effect of anno domini so it will not be needed for more than a few years anyway. Anyone wanting to help should visit evacuees.org.uk  More than 100 complaints of so-called fat shaming have been received from patients as a result of doctors and health workers’ comments. In one barmy case a sonographer was reprimanded for telling an obese person to hold up his or her belly as it was too heavy for the sonographer to do it with one hand while operating machinery with the other. That patient should feel shamed in front of every mirror. Last week I spent a delightful hour or so visiting a local hedgehog rescue centre at Seale-Hayne. There were 180 occupants at various stages of progress towards release. The centre, called the ELM (for Every Life Matters), is run entirely by volunteers. If those 180 return to the wild and breed, that is a major contribution to our ecology.