Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has called out Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy suggesting the 61-year-old was one of the major driving forces behind the Premier League’s decision to charge his club with numerous financial rule breaches. The Spaniard was speaking for the first time since the charges were announced on Monday and launched a passionate defence of the Sky Blues. City have been referred to an independent commission after the Premier League announced they had charged the club for breaking 115 financial rules in the period between 2009 and 2018. The club have vehemently denied any wrongdoing and will passionately defend themselves against the allegations as the commission conducts its investigation. The Citizens could face severe punishments if found guilty with potential sanctions ranging from fines to points deductions or Premier League expulsion. Guardiola had his first opportunity to speak publically about the developments during his press conference for Sunday’s encounter with Aston Villa and he did not hold back, calling out Spurs chairman Levy and all 19 Premier League clubs. When asked if he believed the charges were driven by their English rivals, Guardiola said: "Go to the chairman, CEOs, Daniel Levy, ask them. “These 19 Premier League have set a precedent. What they [rival PL clubs] have done to us, be careful with that. Be careful in the future. Many clubs can make suggestions and there are a lot of clubs that can be accused, like we have been accused." JUST IN: NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier League Guardiola also argued that City had already been ‘condemed’ by their rivals and journalists as he questioned why the club faced another investigation following a previous enquiry held by UEFA. The Sky Blues were previously banned from the Champions League for two years after being deemed to have broken FFP laws however this punishment was reduced to a £9million fine after the club appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. "My first thought is already that we have been condemned,” he said. "What has happened after Monday is the same as happened with UEFA. We were condemned. We have just a charge.  "Why should when they told me before they defend the accusation from Uefa, the club proved we were completely innocent, why should now be condemned? 19 teams of the PL are accusing us without the chance to defend and the words of my chairman my CEO my owner explain everything, you know what side I am on." It is unclear how long the commission’s investigation will take with no timescale put on the enquiry however it is likely to take many months if not years to come to a conclusion with the saga unlikely to end in the near future.