China has expressed displeasure with the reports that the United States has stopped approving licenses for American companies to export most items to China’s hi-tech company Huawei, a news report has claimed. According to the report, it further accused the US of deliberately targeting Chinese companies under the pretext of national security.  The US officials are creating a new formal policy of denial for shipping items to Huawei that would include items below the 5G level, including 4G items, wifi 6 and 7, artificial intelligence, and high-performance computing and cloud items, according to a Reuters report that quoted unnamed sources. Another source told Reuters the move was expected to reflect Joe Biden administration’s tightening of policy on Huawei over the past year. Licences for 4G chips that could not be used for 5G, which might have been approved earlier, were being denied, the person said. In November, the Biden administration banned approvals of new telecommunications equipment from Huawei and ZTE because they pose an “unacceptable risk” to US national security.  On Tuesday, the Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman, Mao Ning, accused the United States of deliberately using an overly broad notion of national security to suppress Chinese firms. She said at a press conference: “China is gravely concerned about the news, and we are closely following the latest developments. “China strongly opposes the US’s unscrupulous and unjustified suppression of Chinese companies by stretching the concept of national security and abusing state power. “Such moves violate the principle of market economy and international trade rules, dampen international confidence in the US business environment and amount to sheer sci-tech hegemonism. China will continue to work for the legitimate and lawful rights and interests of Chinese companies.”  READ MORE: Putin warned of 'devastating' NATO response after Boris Johnson threat The US Commerce Department has told some American firms that it would no longer issue licences for US technology exports to Huawei, according to the Financial Times, which first reported the story. The move comes as Washington moves towards a total ban on the sale of US technology to the Chinese telecom equipment giant, the paper said. A US Commerce Department spokesperson told the BBC: “Working closely with our interagency export controls partners at the Departments of Energy, Defense and State, we continually assess our policies and regulations and communicate regularly with external stakeholders. "We do not comment on conversations with or deliberations about specific companies.” Huawei had declined to comment on the reports.  DON'T MISS:King Charles asked Archbishop for a deal allowing Harry and Meghan ... [INSIGHT]Hidden landmines in Ukraine pose lethal danger for years to come [SPOTLIGHT]Turkey warn citizens of ‘possible racist’ attacks in USA and Europe [REVEAL] The Biden Administration has continued to tighten restrictions on Huawei as political tensions between Washington and Beijing increased over Taiwan, where most of the world's computer chips are made. In October, US Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security Alan Estevez said "the threat environment is always changing." He had said: "We are appropriately doing everything in our power to protect our national security and prevent sensitive technologies with military applications from being acquired by the People's Republic of China's military, intelligence, and security services.” 