Kate struggled to make a pancake as she visited Oxford House Nursing Home in Slough this morning. The Princess of Wales joined two of the chefs at the family-run care home in a pancake-making activity marking Shrove Tuesday. However, the royal seemed to cave in to the pressure and was caught on camera having difficulties moving the mixture around the pan. The royal laughed awkwardly while struggling behind the cooker, with the eyes of several reporters, members of the staff and residents at the nursing home on her. While attempting to move the mixture with a spatula, Kate asked one of the chefs for directions, making sure whether it was the right time to flip it. When instructed to wait, the royal quipped: "See, this is where I go wrong, I always try to turn them too quickly!" As seconds went by, Kate seemed to have difficulties lifting the borders of the forming pancake, which appeared to be stuck to the pan. The 41-year-old seemed to grow embarrassed by her performance and the silence surrounding her. The chef, however, tried to calm the Princess' nerves, saying: "There is no pressure here!" After she managed to detach the mixture from the pan, Kate flipped the treat without difficulties, despite it seemingly becoming wrinkled up by her previous attempts with the spatula. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face 'challenge' over royal gossip, says commentator Apologetic, she then told the chef: "All the ones that were made earlier are much nicer than this one. I am sorry! I haven't done you justice. Would you like to show them how to do it properly?" She also joked she had demonstrated how "not to make" a pancake. Despite Kate, who is known to be a keen cook, appearing slightly downcast following her performance, fans were quick to praise her for being relentless in her attempts. One, Twitter user @GigiNapalan, wrote on the social media platform: "For your persistence and for not giving up when the going gets tough such admirable traits, kudos". Another Twitter user, @alicesings, said: "She did very good." And the owner of a fan account of Kate and Prince William, @lovefamilywales, tweeted: "She is the best". We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express