KSI has torn into Jake Paul after his loss to Tommy Fury on Sunday night. The YouTuber laughed at his long-term rival’s defeat via split decision, a result which Paul was far from happy with. Fury won the match with scorecards 75-74 Paul, 76-73 Fury, 76-73 Fury. Paul then revealed that he was not happy with the scoring after the fight, especially after knocking his opponent to the canvas in round eight – despite Fury claiming that he slipped. However, KSI – otherwise known as JJ - was incredibly entertained by the result, with the YouTuber-turned-boxer tweeting mid-fight: “Jake Paul tryna copy my bounce lmao. Funny thing is, he has no idea what he’s doing with it.” The Brit was ringside for the bout alongside business partner Logan Paul, who he had boxed and defeated previously, though the pair were cheering for different fighters on the night. The 29-year-old then posted a video on his Twitter after the match of him pretending to smoke before shouting: “Don’t mind me, just smoking on that Jake Paul pack.” He then laughed: “Honestly, Jake Paul… trash. Tommy Fury, trash.” KSI was riding high on the failure of Paul despite backing him to win the fight on Saturday. He placed a £500 bet on the American to return a profit of £870, tweeting: “Make sure you win mate, @JakePaul. I need to make as much money as possible for when I get to knock you out myself.” Paul spoke openly after his defeat and explained that he was unhappy with the scoring of the fight before sharing a list of reasons why fans had not seen him at his very best – much to the disappointment of the crowd at the Diriyah Arena, Saudi Arabia, who booed the excuses. Speaking after the bout, The Problem Child said: “All respect to Tommy, he won. Don't judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses. “I'll come back and get the rematch. It was a great fight, a close fight. I don't know if I enjoy with the judges. I got a 10-8 round twice. It is what it is but I've already won in life. I've won in every single way, I have amazing family, amazing friends and an amazing work ethic. Honestly, I felt flat, I got sick really bad twice in this camp, and injured my arm, but I lost, I'm not making excuses. It wasn't my best performance."