WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles may have millions of viewers tune in every week but the time has almost come to say goodbye. CBS announced season 14 would be the last time the spin-off would be on our screens, axing the show, reportedly due to budget limits. So its fan base is more consciously than ever they haven't got much time left with those at the OSP (Office of Special Projects). NCIS Los Angeles is continuing to air a new episode every weekend in the same time slot after it disappeared for more than a month earlier this year. Thankfully, the hiatus is now over with the drama back to its usual schedule on CBS. This does mean though that as another episode airs, it is getting closer to the grand finale which is going to air on Sunday, May 14. There are just seven episodes left in NCIS Los Angeles season 14, including the last episode to look forward to. READ MORE: Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series So viewers should expect either another month-long wait for the police procedural or a few shorter breaks thrown in during the rest of the series. It was earlier this month that president of CBS Entertainment, Amy Reisenbach, released a statement that left many feeling shocked and disappointed. She said: "For 14 seasons, NCIS: Los Angeles has been a stalwart of our lineup with characters who were a joy to watch. It's no surprise this show succeeded as a global franchise. "From day one, the cast, producers and crew were amazing Network/Studios partners, and their teamwork, talent and spirit vividly came through on the screen. "We are so grateful for the collaboration and remarkable run of these treasured members of our CBS family, and plan to give them the big sendoff they and their fans deserve." While fans are intrigued to see how the drama is brought to a close, many remain concerned about the absence of one character in particular. Operations manager Hetty Lange (played by Linda Hunt) hasn't made a full-time come back to the drama for the past two years. The 77-year-old's role was minimised during the height of the coronavirus pandemic in order to keep her safe. But since then, she has only appeared in the drama sporadically and it isn't clear when Hunt will reprise her role ahead of the finale. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [EXIT]NCIS Los Angeles teases Kilbride romance with ex-wife [TEASER]NCIS Los Angeles’ Daniela Ruah exposes her dislikes about Kensi [CAST] The latest episode of NCIS LA, episode 13, A Farewell to Arms, came out at the weekend on Sunday, February 26. Admiral Hollace Kilbride was at the centre of one of its major storylines as his ex-wife Elizabeth Kilbride (Marilu Henner) showed up out of the blue. She was eager to convince Kilbride to get back in touch with his estranged son Alex (Christopher Gorham) to try and rebuild their relationship. He wasn't sure if this was right for him to do but has started to consider the possibility. The upcoming instalment, episode 14, is going to be entitled Shame. This will see Agent Callen (Chris O'Donnell) and Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) start to plan their wedding. Shame is also going to be directed by Kensi Blye star Daniela Ruah so it won't be one to miss. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.