Donald Trump has claimed he can negotiate an end to the Russia-Ukraine conflict if he becomes President. "If I were President the Russia-Ukraine war would not have happened. Never in a million years," he said in a policy video posted on spokesperson Liz Harrington's Twitter. "I'd be able to negotiate an end to this horrible and rapidly escalating war within 24 hours," he said.  Trump made a swipe at Biden's decision to send American made Abrams tanks to Ukraine, suggesting this would be regarded as a provocation by the Kremlin. "First come the tanks, then come the nukes," the former President, 76, said. He added: "Get this crazy war ended now. It can be done." READ MORE: 'That's called WW3': Biden crosses own red line by giving 'offensive equipment' to Ukraine The presidential nominee said "it's easy to get done. When I'm President we will be a strong country again". In an "America first" nod, Trump said people will no longer be subjecting the US to "these games". "They do not respect anymore. They respected us greatly two and half years ago," he said. President Biden recently signed off on the decision to send 31 Abrams tanks to Ukraine ahead of a fresh Russian offensive. The M1 Abrams, the main battle tank of the US military, are regarded as one of the most powerful and sophisticated tanks in the world. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry told to 'move back to UK' [INSIGHT]Lawyer of raped student's family 'blown away' by consent claim [REPORT]Vancouver warned about decision to decriminalise heroin [LATEST] Biden's decision marks a reversal on the President's previous pronouncements. Back in March last year, the 80-year-old said in a speech: “The idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment, and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews - just understand. "Don't kid yourself. No matter what you all say, that's called World War III. Okay? Let's get it straight here guys." Speaking recently on his decision to send high-calibre equipment to Ukraine, Biden said the armoured capability has been "critical for Ukraine" and the US "will train Ukrainian troops as soon as possible" - adding that Germany had "really stepped up support" of Mr Zelensky's troops. Alongside the tanks, the US will also send eight M88 recovery vehicles in a military package worth $400m (£323m). Other allies have also pledged deliveries of German-made Leopard tanks to Kyiv, after Berlin gave the go-ahead. This follows Britain, which announced the shipment of 14 challenger tanks a few weeks prior. Russia has so far stopped short of saying the shipments are a direct provocation by NATO but it has promised to destroy the Western-made armoury. A Russian company said it will offer five million roubles ($72,000) in cash to the first soldiers who destroy or capture the western-made tanks in Ukraine. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the tanks would "burn" on the frontlines. "I am certain that many experts understand the absurdity of this idea. The plan is disastrous in terms of technology," he said. "But above all, it overestimates the potential it will add to the Ukrainian army. These tanks burn just like all the others," he added. READ MORE: Trump calls for supporters to cough up cash to 'send shivers down Biden's spine' Kyiv has for months asked for Western tanks that it says it desperately needs to give its forces the firepower to break through Russian defensive lines and recapture occupied territory in the east and south. The plea has taken on increasing urgency as Russia prepares to launch a major new offensive against in the coming weeks. “Russia is preparing for maximum escalation,” said Oleksiy Danilov, the secretary of Ukraine’s National Security and Defence Council, in an interview with Sky News. “It is gathering everything possible, doing drills and training.”