McDonald’s has announced that McSpicy is back and it’s going to be sticking around for much longer than its debut. The popular fast-food chain has revealed customers will be able to buy it from February 15. The burger features a spicy chicken breast fillet topped with crunchy cool lettuce and mayo between toasted sesame seed buns. Gráinne Allen, Director of Food and Innovation, McDonald’s UK and Ireland said: “We’re so pleased to be welcoming the McSpicy to our permanent menu across the UK and Ireland. “The McSpicy brings the heat to our menu, and we hope chicken lovers across the nation are as excited about its permanence as we are.” READ MORE: Meghan's ‘go-to meal’ uses ingredient mother Doria 'always used' The burger can be bought in stores for £4.79 and £6.29 as an extra-value meal. The McSpicy was first introduced in July 2021 as a limited edition burger and was an instant hit with customers. Then, it returned last year for another six weeks, with McDonald’s fans demanding it stays on the menu permanently. In November, the official McDonald’s UK Twitter account replied to a customer: “Hi, here at McDonald's, we are always interested in customer suggestions and feedback. At the moment we don't have any plans to bring back the McSpicy, however, I will pass your feedback on to the team.” DON'T MISS...Princess Kate ‘parents Prince Louis perfectly’ [COMMENT]Remove toilet limescale in 30 minutes with no scrubbing required [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment  [VIDEO] Luckily, McDonald’s changed their mind as it is returning next week for the foreseeable future. As for how hot and spicy the McSpicy really is, customers are divided. Someone on Twitter wrote: “@McDonalds tried the McSpicy. Sad to say I had more spice from @kfc hot wings. Sorry #Mcnotspicy #nothot #disappointed.” “Not spicy enough for me @McDonalds could you add some kind of hot sauce to the #McSpicy and jalapeños. still nice tho #McSpicyDebate,” a second added. READ MORE: King Charles’ unusual food quirks that royal chefs 'have to consider' A third mentioned: “It’s spicy compared to McDonalds but that doesn’t say anything. I had a McSpicy in Singapore and I had to get a second drink because it was so hot. And I was already drinking milk. “McSpicy is pretty hot @McDonalds,” someone else said, and another commented: “That McSpicy is quite spicy nga.” Back in January, the chain added the Double McPlant burger for veganuary. It replaced the festive menu which included the iconic Big Tasty and Big Tasty with bacon. Cheese melt dippers and the cheese melt dipper sharebox have been removed, as well as the celebrations McFlurry. The Festive Pie is also no longer available.