Sunday night saw the long-running BBC period-drama reach the end of its 12th series as Call The Midwives come to an end for this year. Although the finale was filled with tears for Trixie Franklin’s (Helen George) wedding, many were also left emotional at the prospect of losing nurse Corrigan (Megan Cusack) Nurse Nancy Corrigan made her Call the Midwife debut in 2021 when she joined the cast in the 10th series of the show. Since then, she’d become a firm fan favourite with her daughter Colette (Francesca Fullilove) and her close friendship and bond with nurse Phyllis Crane (Linda Bassett). However, during the series 12 finale, viewers learnt that Nonnatus House was sent a request in the post for references from Netherditch Hospital in Surrey. As Nurse Corrigan explained to Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter) she had applied for the position weeks ago, she’d forgotten all about it after not hearing back from them. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis  With Sister Julienne asking if she was unhappy where she currently worked, Nancy was quick to explain why she wanted to go for the role. She said: “I’m as happy as I’ve ever been anywhere in my life but this job- “When I saw it advertised I saw it was full of all these things that might make me even happier. “Netherditch used to be a cottage hospital so it’s in the country and it comes with a house and two bedrooms so me and Colette could live together rent-free.”  Although Sister Julienne commented she needed to make whatever decision she thought was best, nurse Corrigan explained Nonnatus House may not be around for much longer as it’ll either be knocked down or shut down. Later on in the episode, Trixie Franklin was opening her wedding cards but accidentally opened an acceptance letter from Netherditch Hospital stating Nancy had been successful in her application. Explaining herself, she commented: “They must be desperate, they didn’t even ask me for an interview. “I’ll think about it and decide after the wedding.”  DON'T MISS... Jayne Torvill sparks concern among Dancing on Ice fans after injury [REACTION] Love Island thrown into chaos as wildfire blazes next to villa [LOVE ISLAND] Coronation Street's Aaron Sandford star on future after rape plot [SOAP]  However, fans watching the finale quickly took to Twitter to air their concern for Nancy’s future in the show following Nurse Lucille's (Leonie Elliott) unexpected departure at the start of series 12. Matt528chap commented: “Please tell me we're not losing Nancy at the end of this episode! Hurry Back, Lucille.” SarahC1305 added: “I hope this doesn’t mean Nancy is leaving!” Cumiskey55 said: “Please don’t say Nancy is leaving. Her naivety is so refreshing. I’ve grown to really like her and Collette.” Empxthize_ tweeted: “NOOOOO NOT NANCY!! SHE CAN'T LEAVE. NOT ANOTHER ONE LEAVING!” Rachael_Spratt commented: “We’re not going to lose Nancy as well now.”    With Twitter user paradiseIeah adding: “surely we can't be losing Nancy as well.” It looked as though viewers weren’t the only ones upset over the possibility of Nancy leaving Poplar either as nurse Crane was left emotional during the finale. Speaking to Sister Julienne, she admitted to hoping the hospital wouldn’t offer her the position. Breaking down in tears, she said “She’s become one of us, we’ve brought her on and brought out the best in her. “Fretted over her and now she’s heading off like they all head off and it hurts like it always hurts.” Call the Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  