Adored for the ability to bring a touch of the outdoors inside, houseplants are a great addition to any home. While most are somewhat low maintenance, some varieties are recommended to never be watered with tap water. Houseplant and gardening expert at BackyardBoss, Eleni Veroutsos, has shared five houseplants to avoid hydrating with tap water. She said: “If you’re a plant parent, you know that watering your plants is critical to their survival. But using tap water to water your plants can actually be harmful to them.” Tap water, especially when it's not distilled, contains several chemicals that are bad for plants. Tap water contains things, like lead, chlorine, and pathogens. These are harmful to plants and will cause problems when owners are consistently watering them with it. Instead, the “best option”, is to use filtered, distilled, or rainwater for plants. The expert said: “This will help to ensure that they’re getting the cleanest possible water, as all three types are free of chemicals and minerals, which makes them much safer for your plants.” READ MORE: Five ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove ‘mould and dust spores’ 1. Prayer plants Prayer plants require consistently moist but not wet or soggy potting soil. They should not dry out between waterings, so make sure to provide a suitable pot and soil and frequently check the soil. The prayer plant has a strong preference for distilled water, and will seriously struggle if they are given tap water. Eleni said: “They are sensitive to chloramine, chlorine, and other chemicals commonly found in tap water.” 2. Ti plants Ti plants are tropical plants that add bright foliage and a touch of luck to homes and offices. While taking care of these plants is relatively easy, providing the proper amount of water is essential to helping them thrive. DON'T MISS‘Kill mould’ on walls in '10 minutes' using ‘the best’ natural item [TIPS]Dehumidifier vs air purifier benefits - one cuts energy bills by £150 [EXPERT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [INSIGHT] Ti plants can be sensitive to fluoride and other compounds found in tap water. Therefore, it’s best to water them with rainwater or filtered water. The expert warned: “These chemicals can damage the leaves of the plant, causing them to become brown and discoloured.” 3. Dracaenas If owners give this hearty indoor plant the proper light and amount of water, it will become a lovely, long-term resident in the home. Dracaenas have a reputation for not needing a lot of water, but the quality of it is important. READ MORE: Five ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February The houseplant pro said: “It turns out that there is a very good reason why you should never water your dracaenas with tap water. Dracaenas are incredibly sensitive to the chemicals in tap water. specifically, chloramine and fluoride. “One of the most common problems that can occur when you use tap water to water your plants is brown leaf spot or brown leaf tip.” 4. Spider plants One of the most popular UK houseplants, spider plants are notorious for being easy to care for, that’s why it may be surprising to hear that they shouldn’t be watered with tap water. Eleni said: “One thing that spider plants need in order to thrive is clean water. That means you shouldn’t use tap water to hydrate them, due to the harmful chemicals that can damage the plant’s leaves. “Spider plants are also sensitive to fluoride, which is often found in tap water. Fluoride can cause brown spots on the leaves of spider plants, so it’s best to avoid using it if possible.” 5. Calatheas Calatheas are very finicky when it comes to their water quality. When it comes to using tap water, it can actually damage the houseplant. The expert said: “Calatheas are very sensitive to harsh chemicals, like the ones found in tap water. An overabundance of these chemicals can cause damage to its delicate leaves.” Contrary to popular belief, letting tap water sit overnight will not remove all the chemicals from the water as the chloramine will not evaporate.