Former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Jamie O'Hara has blasted the club for another 'bang-average' transfer window in January. O'Hara has criticised chairman Daniel Levy for 'pulling the wool over fans' eyes', urging him to back Antonio Conte with reinforcements in three positions. Tottenham bolstered Conte's ranks with two loan signings last summer, recruiting Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma and Sporting Lisbon right-back Pedro Porro, with an obligation to buy the latter for £39million. But supporters were left discouraged by the club's business as they face a fight to maintain their Champions League status this season. And O'Hara has spoken out against the Spurs hierarchy, insisting their January business 'wasn't enough'. The former number 24 has pinpointed Isco as an available player the Londoners could pursue, claiming they also need another wing-back and centre-back. He told Grosvenor Sport: "Tottenham's window has been the worst of all the top clubs. They need more. They've bought in Pedro Porro, but it's not enough. A bang-average window again. JUST IN: Man Utd have lost 'leader' in Axel Tuanzebe who Maguire rates highly "The last-minute, getting the deal done with Porro sums up Daniel Levy and Tottenham's transfer window. It's like they are pulling the wool over our eyes. "Like, hold on a minute, where is the rest of the signings we need? Porro is a great deal; he improves the team; we need players who will boost the team, and Porro does that. "But I kind of feel like we could have had Kieran Trippier two seasons ago for £12 million. It is one signing; Spurs need a lot more. Where are the rest of the signings? We need some more signings! "We need a centre-half, another wing-back and a creative midfielder. There are good players going for cheap out there. Isco is out there, and he almost went to Union Berlin. I'd take him tomorrow. Get him in! DON'T MISS: Silva makes feelings clear to Chelsea owner Boehly over Jorginho exit  "That's a creative midfielder that could do something unbelievable. Everyone is happy we have Porro, but it's the same problem; we still have Eric Dier and are lacking a midfielder that can open the door." Tottenham sit fifth in the Premier League, three points behind fourth-place Manchester United, having played an extra game. Conte's side have won just three of their last eight Premier League games, losing four, and lie 14 points behind leaders Arsenal, who have two fixtures in hand. The Italian head coach will be happy to have strengthened in some areas, but whether it is enough to battle back into the top four remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here