A food recall is issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product. This usually means it is unsafe for certain individuals - or all individuals - to eat. When this happens, a product is withdrawn from shelves and customers who have already bought it are advised on what to do. Taiko Foods recalled a product earlier this week because it contained an ingredient not mentioned on the label. This product is sold at Waitrose. Taiko Chicken Katsu Bites with Teri Mayo Sauce is being recalled because some packs have been mispacked with prawn bites that contain crustaceans which are not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to crustaceans. The product comes in a pack 98g in size and has a best before date of February 10, 2023. Taiko Foods have advised customers on what to do. In its notice, the company said: "If you have bought Taiko Chicken Katsu Bites with teri mayo as detailed above, do not eat it. "Instead: Check if you have bought the affected Use By date of the Taiko Chicken Katsu Bites with Teri Mayo. "You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writing down the Use by date for reference at home. Return the product(s) to the store for a full refund (with or without a receipt)." The Food Standards Agency (FSA) also shared advice with consumers. It said: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to crustaceans, do not eat it. Instead, return it to your nearest store for a full refund. "For more information call 02087491515 or email enquiries@taikofoods.co.uk." Tesco is recalling Creamfields grated cheddar, which comes in a pack 500g in size. This is because it may contain small pieces of clear, soft plastic which could make the product unsafe to eat. It has a best before date of March 23, 2023. The supermarket is also recalling the Tesco Free From Golden Syrup Porridge Pot is being recalled because it contains milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. This comes in a pack 55g in size and has a best before date of September 1, 2023. Tesco is urging customers not to eat the products and to return them to their nearest store. Ella's Kitchen is recalling Ella's Kitchen Banana Multigrain Baby Rice, which is sold at Morrisons. The affected batch contains undeclared oats, which is an allergen risk and makes the texture thicker than it should be for a four-month plus product. The product comes in a pack 125g in size and has best before dates of October 5 and October 6, 2023. Coca-Cola is also being recalled by Morrisons as they are wrongly wrapped. A small number of Coca-Cola Zero Sugar 24 x 330ml multipacks with Christmas Cardboard could contain cans of Coca-Cola Original Taste. The quality of the drink itself is not affected. Aldi has one active food recall - it is recalling a number of high-protein bars. On its website, the budget retailer said: "As a precautionary measure, our supplier is recalling Harvest Morn High Protein Bars because in some cases allergens are not emphasised in bold on the packaging. "Anyone who has bought this product and suffers from an allergy or intolerance to the ingredients listed, should return it to any Aldi store for a full refund. We apologise for any inconvenience caused." The protein bars are the Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake, Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough, Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel, Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter, Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange, Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter, and Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough. Aldi added: "For further information, please visit help.aldi.co.uk. Customer services can be contacted on 0800 042 0800."