DC United manager Wayne Rooney has admitted that he would love to manage either Everton or Manchester United in the future. Rooney began his illustrious career on Merseyside at Goodison Park and then went on to win a host of trophies under Sir Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford. The 37-year-old, who is currently the manager of Major League Soccer club DC United, recently revealed that he would be keen on a move back to the Premier League at some stage in his coaching career. For Rooney, becoming the boss at Everton - his childhood club he played for in two separate stints - or United, where he became a Premier League legend over the course of an illustrious 13-year spell, would be a dream come true. Speaking to CNN, the England legend spoke of his desire to one day manage either of the Prem giants. He said: "Obviously, Everton and Manchester United are the two clubs who are really close to my heart so to manage one of the two would be a dream. "I'm still gaining a lot of experience from what I'm doing. You want to learn, and I want to go into Everton or Manchester United, I want to go in there and be able to give the best version of me. "I'd be naive to say, 'I'm going to go and manage Manchester United in the next year or so'. For me, it's about putting the work in and developing myself and if I do that and I do it in the right way, then I feel these jobs, these opportunities will come to me eventually." Rooney also gave his thoughts on the current progress being made at Old Trafford under Erik ten Hag and was optimistic about what the Dutchman was managing to achieve already. He added: "It's the best I've seen Manchester United for a long time. I think you can see what he's trying to do. High energy, high press with the team and it was very difficult for Tottenham to play against." Rooney is revved up for a big season with DC United in the MLS and has been backed by the Washington club to bring in a handful of new players and is still chasing a couple more. The Merseyside man's deal at DC runs out at the end of their season and he will be determined to throw everything at the chance to build on his reputation that began at Derby County. Last season in the MLS, Rooney's DC finished bottom of the Eastern Conference division. The club's performances did improve after his arrival, but failed to move up the table and toward the playoffs. Rooney will be aiming for a higher spot in the table this season as new arrivals Christian Benteke, Ravel Morrison and Mateusz Klich have strengthened the squad.