Princess Kate and Prince William walked the red carpet in London last night, February 19, wearing elegant outfits. Kate donned an Alexander McQueen dress she had worn at the 2019 BAFTAs, but with a few alterations, while William wore a velvet Tom Ford jacket. The Princess of Wales’ look was unique in the sense that Kate had recycled her dress, showing her commitment to fashion sustainability. But it also stood out because of her earrings - instead of being designer, they were from high street favourite Zara. Called the Chandelier Earrings, they were floral shaped and featured rhinestones. They retailed for just £17.99 at Zara. Zara described the earrings on its website, saying: “Floral shaped metal dangle earrings with rhinestone applique.” The earrings also had a push-back closure. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims Jewellery expert Maxwell Stone at popular jewellers Steven Stone commented on Kate’s earrings. He said: “If anybody knows how to make an entrance, it’s Kate Middleton, and she stunned when she arrived at the BAFTAs on Sunday evening. “Showcasing her penchant for sustainable fashion once again, the Princess of Wales was wearing the Alexander McQueen one-shoulder gown that she dazzled in at the 2019 BAFTAs. “We couldn’t take our eyes off Kate’s statement earrings - a pair of chandelier earrings from high street brand, Zara. “Floral shaped and featuring rhinestone detailing, they retail at just £17.99 and promptly sold out online after being modelled by the Princess. “Despite having access to a wealth of royal jewels, Kate has worn several pieces of affordable jewellery in recent months - including a pair of £100 Sezane earrings that Prince William gifted her on Christmas Day. “It wouldn't be out of the question if Kate was placing more of a focus on affordable pieces as she finds it inappropriate to wear valuable jewels during the cost of living crisis.” Although Kate’s gown wasn’t exactly affordable, her rewearing it perhaps again demonstrated that she was thinking about both environmental and financial issues. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests She may have realised the importance of reworking clothes instead of buying more. Kate’s Grecian-style gown was first seen at the 2019 BAFTA Awards. But the Princess changed the shoulder appearance of the dress, her jewellery, her shoes, her gloves, and her clutch bag. The dress was updated with alterations to the left shoulder. The floral petals were removed, and the additional fabric was added and anchored to the shoulder. The most dramatic element of Sunday evening's ensemble was the Princess’ opera-length gloves. Kate doesn't usually wear long gloves but the style emulated Hollywood glamour, perhaps chosen to honour the long history of the BAFTAs. They were also likely chosen to coordinate with Prince William’s Tom Ford jacket as they were velvet, as was William's jacket. These gloves were likely the Melissa style by Cornelia James, which are surprisingly still in stock. They retail for a whopping £160 and looked so chic and elegant on the Princess of Wales.