Scream 6 is the latest addition to the bloody Scream cinematic universe, and it's only getting weirder. Despite the fact the Ghostface killer has been thwarted five times, he is back to continue tracking down the victims that got away - and this time, he's in New York City. The trailer for the Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett-directed picture is at the top of this article - but there's a lot more going on than meets the eye. Scream 6 hits UK cinemas on March 10, 2023. This release continues the trend of Scream movies being released in the first few months of the year. This was started by Scream 3 back on February 3, 2000. The picture is 123 minutes long and will reintroduce the murderous masked killer in another mysterious adventure. The film's arrival was announced back in February 2022 when Paramount and Spyglass announced its release date. They said: "We are tremendously grateful to the fans around the world who enthusiastically received our film. We can't wait for audiences to see what Radio Silence [directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett], writers Jamie [Vanderbilt] and Guy [Busick] and Project X [Entertainment] have in store for our Woodsboro family." Directors Bettinelli-Olpin and Gillett said: "Working with such a wonderful and talented family of creators – and in the lineage Wes [Craven] and Kevin [Williamson] so expertly built – has been the thrill of a lifetime and we're so excited to bring the next chapter in the Scream saga to life." Scream 6 includes a number of major stars throughout its two-hour runtime. One of the biggest is Jenna Ortega, who Netflix fans will know as the star of Wednesday, the Addams Family spin-off. She'll be playing Tara Carpenter, the half-sister of Sam Carpenter - but don't get too attached. The trailer for the movie seems to tease her death already. Sam Carpenter is being played by Melissa Barrera, the illegitimate daughter of Billy Loomis. Barrera is a relatively new actor, but fans may recall her playing the same character in Scream (5) which hit cinemas last year in 2022. Before that, she played Vanessa, a main role in the Lin-Manuel Miranda musical In The Heights. Another returning actor is Courteney Cox, once again playing Gale Weathers. The former Friends star is continuing her role as a survivor of the previous Ghostface killer, as well as a talk show host. Hayden Panettiere returns as Kirby Reed, a survivor of the Ghostface murders from Scream 4, and this time she's looking for redemption after being forced to watch her friends die. Surprisingly, Neve Campbell, who played Sidney Prescott in the previous five Scream movies - is not involved in the upcoming movie. In June 2022 she explained that she made the decision to leave the franchise after her salary negotiations broke down. She said: "Sadly I won't be making the next Scream film. As a woman, I have had to work extremely hard in my career to establish my value, especially when it comes to Scream. I felt the offer that was presented to me did not equate to the value I have brought to the franchise." The identity of the Ghostface killer has not yet been revealed, but the cast list tells a different story for the movie. Scream 6 credits Roger L Jackson as the voice of Ghostface yet again. The American actor has previously played the voice part of Ghostface in every Scream movie in the franchise thus far. As a result, he continues to be the menacing voice behind the mask. Scream 6's official synopsis reads: "Four survivors of the Ghostface murders leave Woodsboro behind for a fresh start in New York City. However, they soon find themselves in a fight for their lives when a new killer embarks on a bloody rampage." At the moment, it is unknown who the Ghostface killer is, but considering there are a few big names from Woodsboro in the movie, any one of them could be the killer. Cox is one of the franchise's mainstays, so she could be continuing the work of the evil murderer. But why would she have started attacking teenagers? Alternatively, could this be yet another vicious copycat killer who wants nothing more than to bring death to those around them? Scream 6 hits cinemas on March 10.