Short jail terms handed to a number of convicted rapists have been blasted by a charity after new data revealed some sex attackers were sentenced to less than three years behind bars. A Freedom of Information request revealed 20 rapists received custodial sentences of less than five years between January and June 2022, the most recent period available in the data. Data obtained exclusively showed seven men were jailed for three years or less despite being convicted of rape in 2022.One of these - a sex offender in Staffordshire - was handed just a two-year term for rape.Another man in Nottinghamshire was sentenced to two years and three months behind bars, while a rapist in Greater London was locked up for two years and six months.Five cases covered by the data were dealt with by Metropolitan Police - with each rapist jailed for less than four years.All 20 of the defendants denied the charges and were convicted after trial. Robin Jacobs, 39, was jailed for four years after being found guilty of rape in September 2022, shortly after the period covered by the FOI data.The barrister, from South Woodford, London, denied raping a Tinder date because "he's had anal sex with four other women without warning who haven't complained".Jacobs reacted angrily and shouted from the dock "I didn’t do it" after he was found guilty following a retrial at the Old Bailey on September 15, 2022.The court heard how Jacobs told the woman to "hold steady” before unexpectedly initiating anal sex in September 2017.The woman claimed she twice told Jacobs to stop and screamed "get out" before he moved away after 20 to 30 seconds.Afterwards, Jacobs muttered to himself that he "shouldn’t laugh" before giving an involuntary chuckle, jurors heard.Jacobs, from South Woodford, east London, disputed the woman’s account and denied he engaged in the sex act without having a reasonable belief that she consented to it.A jury at the Old Bailey deliberated for four hours and 47 minutes to find him guilty of rape by a majority of 10 to two. The Survivors Trust, a charity which offers support to victims of rape, sexual violence and sexual abuse, said the sentences revealed by the FOI "do not reflect the seriousness of the crime and do not reflect the trauma experienced by the survivor".The charity suggested such lenient punishments will further discourage men and women to report rapes to police.A spokesperson for the charity said: "Deciding to report a rape or sexual assault is a huge decision for any survivor. The whole process from initial reporting, through to giving evidence in court can be deeply stressful and retraumatising. This process can often take years due to delays within the system, during which the survivor can feel like their life is on hold."Such short sentences do not reflect the seriousness of the crime. They do not reflect the trauma experienced by the survivor, either during the attack itself or afterwards. Rape and sexual abuse can have a devastating impact which can affect the survivor for the rest of their life. Nor do these sentences reflect the bravery of the survivor in speaking out.  "We know that the vast majority of victims and survivors of rape do not report what has happened to them to the police. Of those which are reported, under 1% result in a conviction. When even those which do result in conviction result in a sentence which does not reflect the enormity of the crime, it is no wonder that survivors decide not to engage with the criminal justice system."We would like to add that support is available to all survivors of all forms of rape and sexual abuse. It doesn’t matter when it happened or whether you choose to report it or not. You can call our helpline on 08088 010818 where you will be listened to, believed and treated with respect." Rape Crisis, another charity which supports survivors, says the lenient sentences "sends a message to survivors that their trauma is insignificant, and diminishes the seriousness of the crime to the wider public." A spokesperson added: "It is well established that it is extremely hard for rape survivors to get justice. From the initial reporting stages where they are met with disbelief, asked to give up huge amounts of personal data, or made to wait years for a court date, to being brutally cross-examined and having their personal lives and credibility called into question; seeking justice is an ordeal. "Most cases of rape will never even get to court, but when they do, it is often after years of lengthy investigation and trial delays. It is then truly devastating for a survivor to go through the whole ordeal only to be told they might see their perpetrator walking the street again in two years. Such low sentences can feel like a not guilty verdict to some survivors, and sends a message to survivors that their trauma is insignificant, and diminishes the seriousness of the crime to the wider public. This is just another way in which survivors are being let down by a justice system that is not fit for purpose. "All forms of sexual violence are traumatic experiences that have a wide range of severe, long-term, and even lifelong, impacts on survivors and victims. Most sentences can't reflect the extent of the pain and trauma caused by sexual violence and abuse, but it is essential that survivors feel like the sentence is reflective of the crime." Campaigners hit out this week against the sentence handed to serial rapist David Carrick. The Metropolitan Police officer was jailed for a minimum term of 30 years after pleading guilty to 85 serious offences including 48 rapes, over a period of 17 years. Charities were outraged Carrick was not handed a whole life term, which would have meant he would never have been eligible for parole. Carrick’s sentence is being reviewed after complaints it isn’t tough enough.Following the sentencing at Southwark Crown Court, the Attorney General’s Office said it had received “multiple requests” to review Carrick’s jail term.“We can confirm we have received multiple requests relating to David Carrick’s sentence under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme,” a spokesperson said.Carrick’s sentence will now be considered for referral to the Court of Appeal, which deals with appeals from other courts.The Unduly Lenient Sentence Scheme allows prosecutors, victims of crime and their families - as well as members of the public – to ask for certain Crown Court sentences to be reviewed by law officers.