A man who became suddenly sick at the gym on Monday has died despite the emergency service’s best efforts to keep him alive. An emergency crew and an air ambulance scrambled to the Glaslyn Byw'n lach centre in north-west Wales upon reports of a man falling ill at the leisure centre. Despite the greatest efforts of medical personnel and staff, the man tragically died. The leisure centre released a statement online following the incident, saying: "We can confirm that a member of the public was taken ill at the Glaslyn Byw’n Iach Centre, Porthmadog, last night. "Byw’n Iach staff and the emergency services administered first aid immediately, but he sadly passed away. "Our thoughts are with the family and friends at this very sad time and we are grateful to the centre’s staff, the emergency services and the air ambulance for their quick and professional response." READ MORE: Aston Martin decide on Lance Stroll's replacement after bike accident The leisure centre remained closed on Tuesday "as a mark of respect". On Tuesday evening, the gym announced staff would return to work on reduced hours for the remainder of the week, reopening at 8.30 am on Monday and closing at 5.30 pm daily through Friday. They added: "The centre will open according to the usual timetable from Saturday, February 25, onwards. Thank you very much for your patience." DON'T MISS:Dan Walker 'can't sleep' after horror accident as he addresses debate [REPORT]Six children among 16 British holidaymakers injured in French Alps [REPORT]BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay sends message to Dan Walker after accident [REPORT] A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We were called to a medical emergency at Canolfan Hamdden Glaslyn in Porthmadog at approximately 6.45 pm yesterday evening, February 20. "We deployed two emergency ambulances and were supported by the Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service." READ NEXT:Dan Walker's replacement pays tribute to co-star after hospital dashBattered Dan Walker has 'no memory' of bike accident Dan Walker rushed to hospital after horror bike accidentMan killed in freak woodwork accident his family thought was prankBoy, 11, killed by flesh-eating bacteria after tiny treadmill accident