Manchester City must face a points deduction if they are found guilty of breaching financial regulations, claims Gabriel Agbonlahor. The ex-Aston Villa captain says the book should be thrown at the reigning Premier League champions as a fine would not be a sufficient punishment. The Premier League released a statement on Monday that City had been charged with over 100 alleged financial breaches. Speculation has circulated since over the possible repercussions if a guilty verdict is reached by an independent commission. And Agbonlahor is adamant that City cannot be allowed to get off lightly. He cannot understand how Etihad chiefs have allowed this to happen and did not expect to be caught one day. He told talkSPORT: "When I first heard it I was a bit shocked. I thought surely clubs would be more clever with what they're doing, you can't get away with anything now in football. Man City news LIVE: Messi and Mbappe want transfer, Kompany reacts, Supreme Court possible  "The Premier League would have been on Man City, doing their research on what they've done. Now they could end up starting next season with 14, 15 points deduction. "You've seen this season it's happened with Juventus in Serie A. They lost points, now they probably won't qualify for the Champions League. "I don't want to see a £50m fine, I don't want to see that because they'll pay that out of their wallet. I want to see points deductions and if it takes a few months to go through, then the start of next season they start on minus." Allegations against City date back over a decade. The club revealed their surprise at the Premier League's statement on Monday. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Four exciting details about Qataris and plans to remove GlazersMbappe and Messi 'push' for Man City star to join PSG after 'rule breaches'Man Utd team news: Three changes vs Leeds as Ten Hag faces injury dilemma  Pep Guardiola is yet to speak to the media since the revelation. Agbonlahor does not think it will have an immediate impact on the players but it could in the summer. He added: "I don't think so, no. I think the current players will be thinking 'I'm just going to concentrate on my football'. "And if this does happen and they do get a points deduction or relegated at the worst-case scenario, or Pep leaves, then some of the players will have big decisions to make, won't they, if they want to leave or go somewhere else. But at the moment, no, you concentrate on your football, don't you."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here