What Manchester United fans want most from any potential takeover is 100 per cent dedication. And with a Qatari consortium willing to put supporters at the forefront of their operation, that’s one test they’ve already passed. Substantial transfer backing is another, too, with those from the Middle East willing to give Erik ten Hag substantial funds to use on the squad. Manchester United’s current owners, the Glazers, confirmed back in November they were open to a sale of the club. They said in a statement: "The strength of Manchester United rests on the passion and loyalty of our global community of 1.1 billion fans and followers. “As we seek to continue building on the Club’s history of success, the Board has authorised a thorough evaluation of strategic alternatives. "We will evaluate all options to ensure that we best serve our fans and that Manchester United maximises the significant growth opportunities available to the Club today and in the future. “Throughout this process we will remain fully focused on serving the best interests of our fans, shareholders, and various stakeholders.” And, on Tuesday night, the Daily Mail revealed United were attracting strong interest from Qatar. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford The report says the Middle-Eastern nation is confident of blowing competitors out of the water as they look to seize power at Old Trafford. It is music to the ears of many United fans who want to see the back of the Glazers. And what bodes well is two tests the Qataris are already passing as they look to become owners of the biggest club in the country. Under the Glazers, fans have often been neglected. Indeed, it took the failed European Super League plot of 2021 for the Americans to engage with supporters for the first time in years. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And the Qataris are prepared to put fans at the forefront of their operation in the event of any potential takeover. Certainly, that bodes well for United and it has seen a surge in popularity for those hoping to purchase the fallen Premier League giants. The Glazers have always treated the club as an asset, placing money above trophies in the priority list. With Qatar Emir Sheik Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani a United fan, however, everything points to their soon being a smooth relationship in place. They would listen to the thoughts of those who hold United deep in their hearts - unlike the Glazers, who have always made their own decisions. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And another test when it comes to getting backing would be their willingness to spend money, too. The Glazers have always restricted United’s spending, dating back to when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Qatar, however, would have no such problem giving Ten Hag the transfer backing he needs to turn his side into a dominant force again. It is a scary thought, the prospect of United no longer operating with one arm tied behind their back. There would be nothing to stop them from going for the sport’s biggest names, such as Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham. And given how United continue to make dizzying revenue, despite their plight over the past decade, they’re likely to become a force in the transfer market under new owners. Qatar do still have questions they’ll need to answer, of course. They range from a conflict of interest - the state also owns Paris saint-Germain - to scrutiny over the country’s poor human rights record. But the promise of both unwavering commitment and transfer backing means many United fans are daring to dream. Given everything that’s happened at the club over the past decade, that’s certainly understandable.