Groups from Saudi Arabia have signed a confidentiality agreement enabling them to look at Manchester United’s finances amid talk of a potential takeover, according to reports. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club. And it’s claimed a bidding war between both Saudi and Qatar would be ‘the stuff of dreams’ for the Americans. The Glazers have ruled the roost at United ever since 2005. However, despite spending billions on players in the time since, the Americans have often been polarising figures at Old Trafford. Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe seem to be frontrunners in the race to land United at the current moment in time, with bids due in on Friday. But the Daily Mail claim Saudi have ‘signed a confidentiality agreement’ that allows them to ‘enter the data room’. That enables them to take a look at the Red Devils’ financials, though it’s still suggested Saudi are unlikely to go for the club. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford It’s said a bidding war between the Middle-Eastern nation and their rivals, Qatar, would be ‘the stuff of dreams’ for the Glazers. But a bid from Saudi isn’t expected and it would be a surprise if they were to go all guns blazing at the 11th hour. The report also opens up on the other candidates who could buy United. It’s said Qatar are confident their bid remains the strongest and they’ll be successful in ousting the Glazers. Those involved are ready to give Erik ten Hag sizeable transfer backing with a ‘vast’ budget. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit And having recently hosted a successful World Cup, they have the resources to give Old Trafford the grand facelift it deserves. There’s been chatter of Elon Musk, the tech billionaire, going for United as well. The 51-year-old, who has a net worth of nearly £157billion, is supposedly monitoring the situation. Musk may even be asked to front another group of investors and while Amazon have been linked, they don’t appear to be credible suitors for United at the current moment in time. There’s said to be interest from China and Singapore, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And what ultimately happens remains to be seen, with more and more details expected to emerge as the day goes on. Former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie, meanwhile, believes United fans will just be relieved to see the back of the Glazers. Speaking to Football Insider, he said: “What happened in Qatar was terrible but if somebody comes into your club and spends a lot of money, you are going to back them. “Look at what happened at Newcastle. Nobody wanted Saudis but now it is like a completely different city. “All they see is their team doing very well and it will be the same with Man United. “They are massive. At Man United it does not matter who you are you are a supporter if you go in there. “They are one of the biggest clubs in the world. Everything about them is huge. “At Newcastle they didn’t want people from Saudi Arabia to take over, now nobody would say a bad word about them. It is a fickle world. “Yes there will be concerns and the club will come out with their usual statements but at the end of the day fans will see a team that is fighting on all fronts and that is what they want.”