With temperatures remaining low, drivers are still battling the elements, especially when trying to heat their cars in the morning before their commute. From clearing frost and ice off the windscreen to heating the car before setting off, Britons will be taking action to make their mornings easier. Graham Conway, managing director at Select Car Leasing, urged drivers to follow steps to keep themselves and their cars heated without breaking the bank. He said: “On frosty cold mornings, many drivers will wake up extra early to whack the heating up in their car. “Whilst this won't consume a significant amount of fuel, it can actually shorten the life of your engine. “After having your vehicle in the cold overnight and then warming it up, this can cause extra fuel can go into the combustion chamber, which can leak onto your cylinder walls. READ MORE: Boris Johnson attacks Sadiq Khan's 'mad' ULEZ expansion "Too much fuel on your cylinder walls can in fact dissolve the oil that keeps the cylinders lubricated, leading to damage to crucial components. “Instead of leaving your car to heat first thing in the morning, it’s advised you keep the vehicle warm overnight, taking the strain off the vehicle and making mornings less stressful.” One button which is frequently used in the summer can work in the winter too. Most people will assume that the recirculation button is only used to circulate cold air around the vehicle, it can help circulate hot air too. DON'T MISSWoman shares 'simple' driveway parking tip which earns her £50 a month [INSIGHT]Massive new number plate changes to be introduced within weeks [WARNING]Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [URGENT] The air recirculation button works by cutting off the outside air to the inside of the car, helping to recirculate air inside the vehicle. This effectively will be a catalyst for the hot air circulating around the vehicle when the car’s heater is on, helping to heat it quicker. Drivers can protect their car and reduce their fuel bill by parking in an insulated garage. Keeping your vehicle in an insulated space overnight will keep the vehicle from reaching freezing temperatures. READ MORE: The most clocked cars on the market - Ford, BMW and more Even if the garage is uninsulated, the vehicle will stay warmer than it will out in the open. An alternative method of insulation is a car cover blanket, which can help protect it from scratches and reduce the chance of the windows frosting over. Another suitable method could be using a heated electric blanket which can be purchased for as little as £10. It costs approximately 3p an hour to run, equalling around £1.37 if used for seven hours per day. These can be placed across the interior of the vehicle the night before to make cold mornings more bearable. Placing blankets across the seats will help produce heat inside the vehicle and minimise the defrosting process in the morning. Motorists can also buy electric blankets that actually plug straight into the car’s cigarette lighter terminal, to keep them warm until their car heats up. With the cost of living crisis affecting all Britons, Mr Conway said it was vital for drivers to save as much money as they can.