A rogue tissue in a pocket, a crumpled-up receipt or even an old wrapper in a back pocket can wreak havoc in the washing machine. While the tissue or piece of paper may only be small, it can become shredded and confetti-like in the washing machine, coating each garment in a layer of wet tissue. The tissue can be removed from laundry by hand but this is a laborious task that could take hours. Luckily, fans and followers of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their method for removing tissue remnants from freshly washed clothes. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning expert, lifestyle influencer and author with millions of followers on Instagram. Her loyal fans have taken to social media recently to share their hacks and solutions for common household problems on social media groups. READ MORE: 3 features that ‘significantly’ devalue your house - ‘puts buyers off’ On one such group, a Facebook user posted: “HELP! [I’ve] just done a dark wash and it looks like my lady's pad was inside my pants. “Now my washing is covered in white flecks. I’ve put it out on the line to see if it might loosen it. Will I have to bin the whole load of washing?” The post was flooded with responses but the most suggested method was to put the garments in the tumble dryer to remove the bits of tissue. Karl Sharon said: “Have you got a tumble dryer? You could put the load in, that should take the bits off.” DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]Five ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February [UPDATE]Mark Lane shares the best plug plants to fill your borders [ANALYSIS] Majella Cummings replied: “Tumble dryer should get it off.” Julie Mead wrote: “Tumble dry the washing. It will take all of the bits off. Then, clean the filter.” Helen Vrouwes replied: “A laundrette to tumble maybe? I ruined some blankets recently with an escaped tissue. Washed again and tumbled and it worked a treat!” Alice Louisa responded: “Tumble dry or shake and then re-wash with an extra rinse.” Pam Noden posted: “Put washing in the tumble dryer if you have one.” Ange Pulham said: “As per other comments, tumble dry and if necessary, re-wash without softener.” READ MORE: 37p household staple ‘works best’ for cleaning shower screens Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tumble dryers have a lint filter which will remove the tissue fragments from the garments without having to re-wash them. Tumble dryers are expensive to run so you could perhaps put it on a short drying cycle in order to use less energy. Other suggestions for removing tissue fragments from clothes included using a lint roller, sticky tape, allowing the clothes to naturally dry, re-washing the clothes and using lint remover balls. Gill Harrison replied: “Use a lint roller then re-wash [them].” Bernice Ni Cionaoith commented: “Let it dry. Then rub the bits off. “Any that stay, use sticky tape to lift it. Literally, use the sticky side of the tape on the bits and it lifts away.” Ryan Laffan commented: “Let it dry and it will come off. Washing again will do nothing.” Debbie Lambe posted: “Just re-wash it, it should come off.” Gail Wilkinson suggested: “Give it another rinse with plenty of softener in. “Hang outside after giving each bit of washing a good shake then tumble dry if possible. Been there. Done that.” Amanda Connolly replied: “There are fluff and lint remover balls on Amazon and eBay that you put in the wash to catch fluff etc. If you re-wash with them hopefully it will come out okay.”