The BBC has now confirmed its new presenter line-up after 14 hosts were ‘axed’ in a huge shake-up. BBC News and BBC World News channels saw 70 job losses in the UK as part of its plan to rebrand. BBC insiders have suggested this could lead to an "ageism row".  From April this year, the BBC News channel and BBC World News will disappear and be replaced by a new channel called BBC News, aimed at both UK and international audiences. Merging the two channels is part of a £500m cost-cutting exercise, and creating a digital-first approach. Presenters were invited to apply for the chief anchor roles but Jane Hill, Ben Brown and Martine Croxall were not chosen. Other regulars including Annita McVeigh, Geeta Guru-Murthy or Shaun Ley also missed out on a job. READ MORE: Will BBC Radio 2 remain as popular when Ken Bruce is gone?  Instead, Matthew Amroliwala, Christian Fraser, Yalda Hakim, Lucy Hockings and Maryam Moshiri will be the key presenters. According to The Guardian, The National Union of Journalists is arguing there is still room for others on the new channel. The report said: "One source said eyebrows had been raised about the age of the women who had not been chosen, and claimed all but one of them have had pay corrections due to equal pay issues. "Some insiders have said the choice of presenters signals that the focus of the new channel will be more on international news." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC and The National Union of Journalists for a comment. The BBC said all the anchors had been appointed “via a competitive interview process in accordance with BBC HR procedures”. The news comes after Joanna Gosling, David Eades and Tim Willcox announced they would be leaving the channel. Joanna fought back tears as she presented her last show at the end of January. DON'T MISS... BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' Naga Munchetty weighs in on BBC staffing exodus BBC Radio 2 ‘risks wrath’ of fans by axing its stars, expert claims After her final news item, Joanna acknowledged her exit from the BBC. She told viewers: "Now it is just about time for me to say goodbye for the last time. "I am signing off after 23 years at BBC News, and before I go there are just a few things I wanted to say. "I know this job is personal. We come directly into your home to tell you what’s happening – good, bad, funny, sad.  "And in doing my work I always consider how you might be responding to the news you are hearing and what you might want to know. "But your response to me leaving has been completely unexpected and I have been really touched by the wave of warmth and kindness from you. "And I want to say thank you for all of your good wishes. It really has meant a lot to me."  Her colleague Eades has presented his final show already, with Willcox's exit date yet to come to light.