This evening (February 15) will see his expertise put to the test when Jacqui Clark walks through the doors of The Repair Shop. She arrives with an item which once turned heads on the high streets of Kent over a century ago: a mini banana barrow. The mini wheelbarrow belonged to Jacqui’s grandfather, who was the first to sell bananas wholesale in the UK. Jacqui’s grandfather was known as ‘The Banana King’, a title which was passed on to her father. The barrow was made to promote these curious fruits and has been treasured by the family for decades. Sadly, the barrow is in a dilapidated state and when Jacqui’s father died, she promised to have the barrow repaired. BBC viewers may be keen to know more about Dominic, who has become a firm part of The Repair Shop family. READ MORE: BBC defends 'lynch mob' Question Time backlash Dominic is a restorer specialising in metalwork as well as serving as an expert on The Repair Shop. He has also worked in set design, prop making and sign making, among other things. According to his website, his passions include “restoring anything with wheels” such as classic cars, motorbikes and pushbikes. The site goes on to state he is interested in “anything with a history or a story”. All of his restoration work would have helped to build up his wealth over the years. Added to this, would be the Ranalah wheeling machines company, which he owns. His website will be soon selling merchandise with a message stating: “We’re working really hard to create a range of merchandise that we can share with you. “From classic t-shirts showcasing all the products Dom’s been working on to gifts for all occasions.” These will again contribute to his worth once they are available to purchase from his site. Dominic additionally has a YouTube channel where he highlights some of his other restoration work. According to both Popular Net Worth and Factsbio, he is worth between an estimated £82,000 and £823,000 ($100,000 and $1 million). Along with appearing on The Repair Shop, Dominic also presented his own show Make it at Market. Make it at Market sees amateur craftspeople trying to turn their hobbies into a profitable business and see if they can cut it. From woodworkers to weaves and glassblowers, the show saw these hobbyists paired up with a mentor to offer advice and help. Each amateur would be put through their paces to see if their skill has enough money-making potential. Dominic said: “It was a privilege to work with such an array of gifted and ambitious craftspeople. DON'T MISS...Better viewers 'switch off' minutes into thriller after feeling 'lost' [VIEWER REACTION]Angela Rayner shut down over 'party political broadcast' on GMB [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [INSIGHT] “What was particularly fulfilling was seeing in real-time, how the unique and varied skills on offer were nurtured and shaped throughout their stay at Stoneywell, allowing the makers to turn their talents into viable business opportunities.” He added: “It’s the perfect programme to get anyone’s creative juices flowing!” The show started airing this year and is likely to boost Dominic’s profile and this in turn will add to his net worth. Both The Repair Shop and Make it at Market could lead to further television work for Dominic. One again, this will help to raise both his public profile and wealth with more projects. The Repair Shop airs on BBC One on Wednesdays at 8pm