If you're thinking about ditching your current broadband and TV provider then Virgin Media has a very tempting deal. The telecoms firm has just announced the launch of a new incentive that includes a popular Fitbit Versa 4 smartwatch or £100 bill credit when you join some of its packages. The freebies are included with the firm's Bigger Bundle + Sports and Ultimate Volt Bundle which both include fast broadband speeds and hundreds of TV channels to watch including premium services from Sky. The Ultimate Volt option even features an unlimited SIM for your phone and Virgin's quickest Gig1 broadband speeds which can download full HD movies in under 40 seconds. The deals are available until tomorrow, February 15, with those signing able to choose between that fitness wearable or £100 which can be used to reduce the monthly bills. As a quick reminder, the Fitbit Versa 4 features a six-day battery life, over 40 exercise modes and full sleep tracking. It can also monitor your heart rate, check for variations in skin temperature and offer advice on how to reduce stress. It's water resistant, has a large colour screen and lets you view notifications, such as texts and emails, straight from your smartphone. Its RRP is usually £199.99 so this is a pretty decent deal from Virgin. HERE ARE ALL THE DEALS THAT INCLUDE A FREE FITBIT BEST VIRGIN MEDIA DEALS WITH A FREE FITBIT Virgin Media Bigger Bundle + SportsPRICE • £60EXTRAS • Free Fitbit Versa 4 or £100 Bill CreditINCLUDES: M350 broadband • Sky Sports • Over 200 TV channels • Talk WeekendTERMS: 18-month contract • FREE setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media Ultimate Volt BundlePRICE • £85EXTRAS • Free Fitbit Versa 4 or £100 Bill CreditINCLUDES: Gig1 broadband • Sky Cinema and Sports • Over 230 TV channels • Talk Anytime • Free Unlimited SIMTERMS: 18-month contract • FREE setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE As we mentioned earlier, if you do fancy taking Virgin Media up on these offers then you'll need to act fast as the freebies end tomorrow, February 15. It's also worth noting that these aren't the only discounts available via the firm with a swathe of broadband discounts on offer to new customers. Virgin is even dishing out internet access for half the usual price which means customers can get rapid 132Mbps downloads for just £15 per month. There's also faster 264Mbps broadband for £21 (usually £36) and even Virgin's ultimate Gig1 speeds are reduced with those signing up today getting this service for £39.99 - that's over £20 per month cheaper than usual. SEE ALL OF VIRGIN MEDIA'S DEALS HERE