Chelsea have reportedly floated the prospect of offloading Mason Mount to Atletico Madrid in exchange for Joao Felix as the Blues seek to land the Portuguese attacker on a permanent deal. The former Benfica starlet has made quite the impression so far at Stamford Bridge despite being sent off for a horror lunge on his debut against Fulham. Nonetheless, Felix has caught the eye in recent draws with West Ham and Borussia Dortmund, encouraging Chelsea to explore the prospect of landing him permanently at the end of the season. According to Spanish journalist David G. Medina, Chelsea have discussed the prospect of sending Mount the other way to Atletico to sweeten the deal. Atleti CEO Miguel Angel Gil Marin is seemingly not interested, however, as he instead prefers a straight cash deal. Wanda Metropolitano chiefs tried to secure a big-money sale in January but there were no takers for Felix, who is valued at upwards of £80m. READ MORE: Chelsea star Thiago Silva issues furious response after Fernandez trolled with 'Uber' jibe Having paid a whopping £107m to sign the attacker from Benfica in the summer of 2019, Atletico are keen to recoup as much money as possible. While Chelsea have the cash, it seems they would prefer to try and offload players as part of any package. Mount's current deal is due to run until the summer of 2024 but he is yet to find an agreement with the Blues over an extension. It's understood he currently earns around £80,000 per week which does not even put him inside the top 20 earners in west London. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race The England international is believed to have recently rejected a deal worth around £200,000 per week. Liverpool and a number of other clubs are believed to be monitoring the situation. Mount's preference is to remain at Chelsea but given he is currently out of the side, there is no guarantee Chelsea will match his current demands. Chelsea's loan deal for Felix does not include an option or obligation to buy, complicating any transfer. But should Diego Simeone remain in charge at Atletico next season, it's almost certain the Portugal international will look to force his way out. The pair's relationship has deteriorated in recent times and Felix is loving life in west London following his January loan switch to the Premier League. He has been a regular starter under Graham Potter in an attack-minded team, which is what Felix desired when the move first became a possibility. The attacker netted his first Chelsea goal last Saturday as the Blues drew 1-1 at West Ham.