Chelsea's unprecedented transfer spending under Todd Boehly and Clearlake's ownership has sent shockwaves throughout European football over the last eight months. But the expenditure could continue beyond the January transfer window, despite growing Financial Fair Play concerns. Chelsea splashed over £300million to bolster Graham Potter's squad last month, more than the entire Premier League in the 2022 winter. The Blues committed just short of £200m alone on two players, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Enzo Fernandez, in a transfer window focused on recruiting the next generation of stars. It saw their expenditure surpass the £ 500m mark across the two transfer windows since Boehly and Clearlake bought the club from Roman Abramovich in May. Since the start of last summer, 18 players have landed at Stamford Bridge, including two loans, and Chelsea's rampant recruitment is unlikely to slow down. According to The Independent, Chelsea are confident players who aren't being amortised - meaning their costs aren't spread across a long contract, as has been Boehly's method to navigate around FFP - will be sold over the next few transfer windows. JUST IN: Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fear  It's believed that the club was underpriced at £4.25billion and that it will be worth double that within the next decade. Therefore, Chelsea's owners are prepared to spend even more in the coming 12 months to continue forming what they hope will be a squad capable of dominating English football. The report claims that the next two windows will see Chelsea continue in the same spend-happy vein, despite increasing pressure on FFP to investigate their business. The west Londoners' January expenditure eclipsed Europe's four other major leagues combined, with Christopher Nkunku still to arrive on a deal worth around £52m in the summer. Sales are crucial, and there are several players Chelsea are ready to offload to balance the books. DON'T MISS: Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal stars in fight to be best January signing  The Blues will listen to offers for Kalidou Koulibaly, Mateo Kovacic, Christian Pulisic and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Callum Hudson-Odoi, Conor Gallagher, N'Golo Kante, Raheem Sterling and Romelu Lukaku are among other names with uncertain futures at the club. The pressure on Chelsea to raise funds will intensify if they miss out on Champions League football this season, a realistic prospect, given their current precarious Premier League position. Potter's side are 10th, 10 points behind Manchester United in fourth, with Borussia Dortmund to face in the Champions League last 16 this month. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here