King Charles may be opting for a "power play" by inviting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to the coronation - only for them to turn it down, according to a broadcaster. Dominique Samuels claimed that although many might find it "odd" the Sussexes were invited, the King could use the invitation to change the "narrative". "I think many people view it as quite a peculiar decision, many people feel as though Harry and Meghan cannot be trusted due to their tendency to use events to their own benefit," Ms Samuels opined on Sky News Australia. She claimed that Meghan and Harry would "likely be booed" if they did attend the coronation later this year, however if the Sussexes decide not to attend it could change the "narrative". She added: "We've seen that in the memoir, we've seen that with the interviews. So many people feel that this is an odd decision when people know that they will likely be booed in the crowds during the coronation and that will, obviously, be an unwelcome distraction for what is supposed to be a momentous occasion. "On the other hand, you could say that this is sort of a powerplay by King Charles because by inviting them, and them turning down the invitation and not attending, it looks like they have rejected the olive branch that's so obviously being extended. Rather than the other way around, which is how the narrative - by Harry and Meghan - tends to be spun."  Meghan and Harry will be invited to the coronation, a Whitehall source revealed to Express.co.uk, however it is unknown whether the couple will accept the invitation. King Charles is said to believe the Sussexes' absence would be a bigger distraction from the event their attendance. However, some royal watchers have noticed that the King's coronation falls on Meghan and Harry's son Archie's birthday, May 6. There has been speculation that this could give the Duchess an excuse to avoid attending the event, staying home while Harry comes to his father's coronation. Archie will be four years old on the day his grandfather is crowned.  READ MORE: Harry 'shivering in his boots' about 'royal retaliation' The coronation, held May 6, 2023, will have around 2000 guests including royals, both foreign and domestic, dignitaries and world leaders. It will be the first held in 70 years, since the late Queen's coronation on June 2, 1953. During this year's ceremony at Westminster Abbey, the King will be crowned alongside his wife Camilla, Queen Consort. Although King Charles became monarch as soon as his mother died, the ceremony formalises his role as the head of the Church of England and marks the changes in his titles and powers. 