Prince Harry's "cruelty towards his father knows no bounds" according to a royal biographer. The comments come from royal expert Angela Levin amid the revelation that Meghan and Harry will be invited to the Coronation. However it's still unclear whether the Sussexes will accept the invitation. Meghan Markle wasn't spared from criticism as Ms Levin also savaged the Duchess for being a "royal rebel" who wanted to "mess things up". Ms Levin spoke with Dan Wootton on GB News about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle RSVPing to the invitation to King Charles's Coronation. "There's no such thing as a perfect parent anyway - father or mother - we are all vulnerable humans and Harry is a vulnerable human. He accepts that about himself but not for his father or anybody else who he wants to say rude things about. They've got to do absolutely what he feels is right," Ms Levin said. She added: "He still thinks he's running the whole show. He knows better than anybody else. He says he can fix the Royal Family because it's so outdated. Nobody would like him to come near the Royal Family, frankly. I think his cruelty towards his father knows no bounds." She said if Prince Harry came out with a second book, full of "moaning and secrets", it would be "too shocking for words". She added she "would like" for the Royal Family to tell the Sussexes they couldn't attend the event.  However, Prince Harry wasn't the only Sussex in Ms Levin's crosshairs. The royal biographer also discussed what she believes is Meghan's part in the Sussex saga. Citing an extract from Meghan's blog, The TIG, from her pre-royal days. Ms Levin claimed the Duchess wanted to be a "royal rebel". "To me, that sounds like someone who came here determined to mess things up," Ms Levin said. Last week, Express.co.uk revealed that the Sussexes would be invited to the King's Coronation, however there has now been increased speculation over whether or not the couple will attend the event.  READ MORE: Americans are 'losing the sparkle' for Meghan Markle, says expert Some royal watchers have noted that May 6 - the date of the Coronation - is also Meghan and Harry's son Archie's fourth birthday. This has led to speculation that Meghan may stay home with her son while Harry attends the Coronation alone. The Coronation has a 2,000 strong guest list made up of royals, both foreign and domestic, dignitaries and world leaders. Although King Charles became monarch as soon as his mother Queen Elizabeth II died, the ceremony formalises the change in his titles and powers as well as his position as the head of the Church of England. The Coronation will be the first such event in 70 years since the Queen was crowned on June 2, 1953. 