A teenage girl was mauled to death by a shark while swimming with friends in Australia on Saturday. The 16-year-old was reportedly jet skiing with friends on the Swan River in North Fremantle, Western Australia, when she spotted a pod of dolphins. She jumped into the water at around 3.30pm on February 4 to swim with them but was attacked by what people believe was a bull shark. Locals watched a "hero" launch himself into the water and pull out the girl, with emergency services called to the scene near Fremantle traffic bridge. Police and medical personnel arrived, some aboard boats, as they retrieved the teen from the river. She was pulled to the river banks with severe leg injuries, but died on the scene. Officials described the incident as "traumatic" while updating the public on the girl's death. Paul Robinson, the Fremantle District Acting Inspector, refused to disclose in-depth details about the teenager's injuries or identity. In a statement, he said it was "unusual" for a shark to venture far upriver but that he had issued a shark warning to "let people know this incident has taken place". He confirmed the girl and her friends were "on Jet Skis" and that there was "possibly" a pod of dolphins seen nearby. He added: "The young female jumped in the water to swim nearby the dolphins." While locals suspected a bull shark attacked the girl, police did not go into specifics. Officials said they received the first 000 call around 3.30pm on Saturday, and initially suspected the girl was injured by a boat propeller. WA Police said she was reported to be fighting for her life before she died. Officers were not able to confirm the species of shark involved in the incident. Shark-related deaths are a rare occurrence in Australia, especially along the Swan River. According to local reports, the attack was the first of its kind in a century. The last attack on the waterway was on January 31, 2023, just over 100 years ago. Charles Robinson, 13, died after he was mauled while swimming close to shore at Freshwater Bay near Scotch College.