Happy Valley's Catherine (played by Sarah Lancashire) and Tommy (James Norton) finally came face to face in a tense meeting after years of wanting to get their hands on each other. However, after weeks of speculating how the series would come to an end, fans were left underwhelmed and left with more questions as the BBC drama came to a close. Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) decided to do the right thing and tell the police about the conversation he had with Tommy over his games console chat. This led to an invasion of the safe house that Tommy was staying at, but he had already fled with some of Darius Knezevic's (Alex Secareanu) men. However, not leaving the fate of his future in their hands, he attacked them in a car and ended up killing the three men. Stealing the car, Tommy turned up outside Catherine's home and broke in using the window at the bottom of her basement. After a close call with Catherine, Tommy sat in her living room and began to look through the photo albums she had left on the side. However, Catherine was soon informed that her window had been smashed in and returned home to investigate, knowing that Tommy was in the area. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future After sneaking in and finding Tommy sitting at her kitchen table, struggling to breathe and function, the pair entered into a slanging match with one another. This was the first time that either character had been in a room with one another throughout the entire series, leaving the tension to build. Tommy was insistent that Catherine tell the police that it was Darius (actor) that killed Gary Gargoffski (actor) and he had been lying for him the whole time. Talk soon turned to Ryan visiting Tommy in prison, which led to Catherine exploding: "He has seen enough now that there is not a lot going on up there and that you are not someone to trust. "And that you are not even interesting, you tried to persuade him to go on the run with you for f**k sake!" Tommy snapped back: "I had a can of petrol and a box of matches and it did occur to me that I could burn your house down and all the shit in it, but I decided not to do that and do you know why? "Next time you are thinking all this nasty b******s about me. I were looking at those pictures of Becky and Ryan. His whole life, from when he were a baby. All them years that I never even knew him. "I hated you. I hated you for not telling me I had a boy. But last night I had a glimpse at what a nice life he has had and I don't hate you anymore. I forgive you and I am sorry that I didn't treat Becky any better." Stunned at his speech, Catherine responded: "You forgive me? You delinquent f**k. You have no idea what you did to Becky. And you forgive me?" Tommy expressed: "I loved her! I loved her, she made me feel normal! And then she didn't want to know me and that's when I got cross and that was because of you. "F**k off you b***h!" he yelled before pouring the can of petrol over himself, knowing that Catherine couldn't taser him. "If you taser me it won't work, petrol doesn't conduct electricity but you might well spark me off, but then oh yeah, you might get done. But believe it or not, I don't want you to get done you daft b***h. DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [INSIGHT]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [LATEST]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [WATCH] "I want you to be here, with Ryan, so I'll do it myself. I have already taken a load of pills anyway, I am not going back to prison," before he sparked a match and set himself on fire. As he screamed in pain, Catherine ran over to Tommy and attempted to put the fire out and save Tommy's life. She walked outside and broke down to her sister Clare Cartwright (Siobhan Finnernan) explaining that she had "won" against Tommy. Catherine went back to the police station to collect her things and enjoy the retirement party that the team had planned for her. Before leaving, she told her Seargent that she thought Faisal (Amit Shah) was involved with Joanna Hepworth's (Mollie Winnard) murder, after finding out where the diazepam had come from. As the series came to a close, Catherine visited Becky's grave, before receiving a text that Tommy had died in a coma. @meggshateseg complained: "Is anyone else really disappointed with this finale? I’m going back to my usual tv hating attitude now #HappyValley." Darci Johnston exclaimed: "That was NOT on my bingo card #HappyValley I did not expect that." @allygliptin commented: "It can't end like this wtf such a let down #HappyValley." Mark Robinson expressed: "Worse ending to a series ever, absolutely whack #HappyValley @MissBurgerLove agreed: "#Happyvalley Kinda disappointing ending." However, not all viewers were left unhappy with the series, as Sharon Forbes praised: "Final episode of #HappyValley is a perfect example of the best of British drama." @mattlumsdenBCFC said: "Finally a series finale that delivered everything it promised!! #HappyValleyFinale #HappyValley Michelle Webley expressed: "And that my friend is how you do a final episode! Bravo!!!! #happyvalley." (sic) Happy Valley is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.