Luis Diaz has sent a message to Liverpool fans stating he hopes to make his highly-anticipated return from injury 'soon'. The Colombian winger could take to the pitch again as early as next month, potentially eyeing the March 15 clash against Real Madrid as a comeback date. Diaz has been out of action since injuring his knee in the 3-2 defeat against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium in October. The 26-year-old suffered a fresh blow after travelling for Liverpool's Dubai training camp in December, undergoing surgery after aggravating the damage. In his absence, the Reds' season has plunged into disarray, with Jurgen Klopp's side still seeking their first Premier League win of 2023 after four games. But Diaz has offered the Anfield faithful hope of a nearby return, telling Sky Sports on Friday morning with his thumb up: "Liverpool fans, I hope to be back soon." When it was suggested he could be re-introduced for next month's Champions League last 16, second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu, Diaz laughed and suggested it was a possibility. JUST IN: Arsenal icon Kanu gave up millions of pounds to help club in gesture  He said: "Let's wait a little to see when I can come back to the pitch. If it's at the Bernabeu, there would be no worries." Liverpool have been short of the attacking venom fans have become accustomed to under Klopp's regime in recent months, plummetting to 10th in the Premier League. And Darwin Nunez, one of the German coach's out-of-tune forwards, has publicly admitted they are badly missing Diaz. "Yes, I saw what Darwin said. And yes, it's important to be back, but it's not only me," Diaz responded. DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag considers Marcus Rashford change vs LeedsMan Utd transfer pain as Chelsea planning to go 'all out' for OsimhenLiverpool and Spurs could help Chelsea beat Man Utd to Victor Osimhen "The idea is to be back to help the team and all my friends and players that play on my team as well. So I want to be back and to have a good second part of the season." In Diaz's absence, Liverpool crashed out of both domestic cup defences early on, losing at Manchester City in the Carabao Cup and Brighton and Hove Albion in the FA Cup. Just one win and four defeats in their last seven have prompted calls for urgent improvement, with Los Blancos' visit to Merseyside on the horizon. Unlikely Champions League glory in May looks like the six-time champions' best shot at returning to the competition next season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here