A TV licence is needed in the UK to watch any programme that is being broadcasted or streamed live, or for programmes on BBC iPlayer. Certain groups of people could qualify for up to 100 percent off their bills. People do not need a TV licence if they only stream on-demand shows across services such as Netflix, Prime and Disney+. A TV licence is needed to watch live content that is on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. If Britons do not watch live content, they may not need a TV licence at all and can save £159. The price of a TV licence in the UK is £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for a black and white licence. READ MORE: Dragons' Den star has 'no regrets' after rejecting 3 cast offers - 'the right decision' Individuals who are legally blind, or live with someone who is, will be able to apply for a 50 percent discount on their bill. When this is applied, a television licence for a blind person would cost £79.50 for colour and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. To be eligible, applicants will need to prove to the TV Licensing body that they are blind by showing either a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. Other evidence can include a letter from an eye surgeon confirming someone’s blindness or a certificate from someone’s Local Authority would also count as proof to the assessor. READ MORE: British Gas customer ‘panicked’ after faulty meter left her with £215 energy debt What other concessions are available?Those residing in residential accommodations and care homes may also be entitled to money off their TV licence. An accommodation for residential care (ARC) concessionary television licence comes to £7.50 per room, flat or bungalow. In order to qualify, claimants must be 60 years old or over and, if they are in paid work, they must not be working for more than 15 hours per week. Additionally, people providing TVs in a hotel, hostel or campsite for overnight guests will require a Hotel and Mobile Units Television Licence. While staying on the property, guests are not covered by their home licence. Long-term hotel guests (i.e. those staying over 28 days) are an exception. They are not covered by a hotel licence and must have their own ordinary television licence.The licence fee will depend on the number of accommodation or mobile units on offer: For more information, people can visit the TV licencing website.