Rishi Sunak is facing significant backlash before the details of his revised Northern Ireland deal have even been revealed. Set to be put before the Commons in the near future, grumblings of Tory rebellion have grown louder amid fears one of Boris Johnson’s key bills may be dropped. But what do you think? Should the Prime Minister get tough and remove the whip from those who vote against his deal? Vote in our poll.    Just over three years have since the UK left the EU a revised Northern Ireland deal is close to completion. Since 2021, a hard land border with the Republic of Ireland has been avoided at the expense of customs checks on seaborne trade with Great Britain. The arrangement has stoked the ire of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Eurosceptic Tories since its inception – who have called it both a breach of Northern Ireland’s sovereignty and a betrayal of Brexit. Over the past week, the Prime Minister has engaged in a flurry of meetings – from Belfast on Friday, to Munich on Saturday and Westminster on Tuesday – to remedy the situation with a revised deal. However, a number of Brexiteers fear the Prime Minister is prepared to concede to all of the EU’s demands in negotiations in his hasty bid to break the stalemate. On Monday, Cabinet ministers Penny Mordaunt and Suella Braverman told Mr Sunak the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill should not be conceded. The Bill – drawn up by former Prime Minister Boris Johnson – would give the Government the power to unilaterally disapply parts of the Northern Ireland trade agreement. The legislation is currently in Commons limbo pending talks with the EU. READ MORE: Braverman's Brexit warning to Sunak - 'I have resigned in the past' On Tuesday, Express.co.uk revealed that up to 100 Tory backbenchers – mainly from the European Research Group (ERG) – were plotting to rebel against the Prime Minister unless the Bill was upheld. Former Brexit minister Jacob Rees-Mogg since said: “It’s quite surprising because this is very similar to what happened with Theresa May.” Mrs May resigned in 2019 after her Withdrawal Bill proposals were shot down by Conservative MPs three times. During PMQs on Wednesday, Leader of the Opposition Sir Keir Starmer accused his Tory rival of failing to stand up to backbench Brexit “malcontents”. Mr Sunak clapped back that his party would back his Northern Ireland deal. But what do you think? Should the Prime Minister remove the whip from those who rebel against his deal? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 