The anguished parents of missing mum Nicola Bulley have told how their daughter was in "good spirits" when they last spoke to her, making them fear somebody has "got her". As the police operation to find Nicola enters a sixth day, her parents, Ernest, 73, and Dot, 72, vowed "we will never stop looking for her". They told the Mirror the disappearance of the 45-year-old mum from in Inskip, Lancashire, was totally out of character, Ernest saying she had no health problems and was in good spirits enjoying her job. He said: "Her mind was great, we picked the children up the Thursday before she went missing, as we do every Thursday. We took them home, Nicola had had a meeting with her boss in Garstang and she said can you stay a bit later because I have an important client coming in on Zoom. We said 'no problem' and stayed. "She had done her work and she was very upbeat about getting her mortgage sorted. Speaking about the search area being conducted by the River Wyre where Nicola was known to have been, Ernest said: "There was no sign of a slip or falling in so our thought was 'has somebody got her'? "We just dread to think we will never see her again, if the worst came to the worst and she was never found, how will we deal with that for the rest of our lives." But Ernest vowed: "We will never stop looking." Ernest's words come after passers-by reported finding Nicola's springer spaniel Willow "alone and agitated". One person told the Mail Online: "Willow was bone dry and so hadn't been into the water but the dog was in an agitated state." Nicola vanished while walking Willow on her usual route after dropping her two young daughters off at school. Nicola dropped her children at school and left the car parked up in St Michael's village and was last seen walking her dog on a footpath along the River Wyre at around 9.20am on Friday before she vanished. She went missing last Friday morning, with her mobile phone found on a bench near to where she was last seen on a towpath by the River Wyre in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. Immediately before going missing, Ms Bulley was walking her dog, springer spaniel Willow, who was found loose between the river and bench. A woman who saw Willow after Nicola disappeared told the Mirror: "There was a mobile phone on the bench and there was also something between the bench and the river so I went and looked, and it was a dog harness. "The dog looked worried so I tied her up and rushed home as I had to go to an appointment. I then went and spoke to my daughter-in-law and she immediately knew who the dog was, alerted the woman's partner and that was it - the police were on it." Yesterday Lancashire Police said a "potential key witness" in the search for Nicola had been found. Officers had appealed to find a man who was believed to have been in the area at the time mother-of-two was last seen. A police spokesman said of the potential witness: "He has since been located and is currently being spoken to. Our thanks to those who shared our appeal." Earlier police had said the man, who was walking a small white fluffy dog on a lead, had spoken to a woman in the area who found Ms Bulley's dog, before he walked in the direction of Rowanwater. Police have said they are keeping an "open mind" about what happened, but do not believe Ms Bulley was attacked. In a statement earlier this week, Nicola's family said: "We have been overwhelmed by the support from our community and would like to thank everyone for their ongoing efforts to help us find Nicola. "The girls are desperate to have their mummy back home safe with them and your ongoing efforts have provided comfort to them whilst we await news on Nicola. We ask for anyone who thinks they may have any information that may help the police find Nicola to please come forward and help them with their inquiries." A search of the area involving police specialist resources, the Coastguard and Bowland Mountain Rescue is continuing. Ms Bulley is described as white, 5ft 3in, with light brown, shoulder-length hair. At the time of her disappearance she was wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive green ankle wellington boots. Superintendent Sally Riley said: "We remain extremely concerned for Nicola and we continue to do everything we can to try and find her and to provide some answers for her family, who are obviously beside themselves with worry. "I must stress at this time that this remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola's disappearance. "We appreciate there is also a great deal of concern in the local community, and we appreciate people want to help. However, parts of the riverbank are treacherous, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies' efforts to find Nicola are not compromised. "If anybody has any questions or concerns, they are welcome to speak to officers in the area." Locals have been joing the search for Nicola assisting police and others. Nicola's friend Emma White described her as "the most beautiful person" who is a "great friend". She said: "She's a great friend but she's also a daughter, a sister, a mummy and a partner to Paul. She's the most beautiful person the outside but even more so, on the inside. "She is the most perfect human being as she's kind, caring, loyal and just the greatest friend." TEN KEY QUESTIONS SURROUNDING THE DISAPPEARANCE OF NICOLA