Paint colours go through trends, and a couple of years ago, pale grey was the rage. This year, however, brown is one of six trending colours and should be considered the “new neutral colour” to paint walls. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with paint experts at Frenchic about “the downside” to choosing white or pale grey in a home. It might come as no surprise that “the most popular paint colour is white, closely followed by off-whites and soft, neutral shades with pale grey or light beige tones”. The paint experts explained how “these colours tend to bring an easy, harmonious and calm feel for a room”. “They feel safe and familiar meaning people do not feel daunted about using them. But, the downside of this approach is that too many pale colours together can look bland at times, and all-white can be stark.” In terms of what colours are least popular, Frenchic said: “Bold colours like blacks or vibrant bright colours like bright reds or yellows, are not the most popular. This is partly because bolder shades have very dramatic effects and can quickly become overwhelming, change the atmosphere of a room or make it look cramped or small. READ MORE: Interior designer predicts revival of 'controversial' 1920's trend “Generally speaking, the stronger, darker or brighter the colour the higher the fear factor for using it - people worry about making the wrong decision by using a colour that won't look great in their space. “In fact, strong colours can work brilliantly and can allow you to inject energy, interest and a bit of you into your home!” This year, Frenchic predicts six trending paint colours; red, yellow, green, brown, purple and pink. Pantone announced its colour of the year as Viva Magenta and it’s a less-vivid-than-it-sounds red. Yellow, on the other hand, was a key feature in 2022, and has the “ability to lift a scheme and energise, even when used in small amounts”. Yellow also appeals to upcyclers and redecorators alike. The difference in yellows this year, however, is “earthy, warm and nature-inspired tones of yellow will become more established”. DON'T MISS...Best of Aldi Specialbuys and Lidl’s middle aisle offers this week [LIST]Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted [STYLE]Weetabix vs supermarket own wheat bisks compared in a taste test [COMMENT] Green is a popular colour but the palette will broaden further “with earthy greens being key”. Frenchic predicts “olive, lime, emerald and teal tones,” to be the go-to green shades. “While grey continues to feature as a top neutral, brown is elbowing in fast,” the paint brand said. “Again, this includes a plethora of unique shades, from the lightest-brown off-whites to deep, dark liquorice – not to mention red-infused browns like Dawlish.” Purple, on the other hand, “has become popular for its complexity”. Lavender and lilac shades are great tones when teamed with contrasting charcoal or deep plum. In terms of pink, Frenchic said “the barbie-doll-inspired Barbiecore fashion trend made vibrant pink the surprise hit colour of 2022” and “while the movement might be maturing, pops of strong pink look likely to continue to add energy and cheer well into 2023 and beyond”. READ MORE: Five air fryer mistakes to avoid or risk a ‘potential fire hazard’ Before choosing to paint a wall a different colour, there are a few things to consider. Frenchic had four tips: feel, palette, choose wisely and check. 1. Feel The experts explained: “Decide how you want the room to feel and choose colours accordingly. For example, zesty greens or oranges inject energy, neutrals and pastels are calming, while warm, earthy tones give a cosy vibe.” 2. Palette “If you are not sure where to start, consider things that you aren’t changing like your sofa and/or other furniture,” they added. “For example, modern Ikea furniture can work very well with both Scandi and Mid-century inspired palettes.” 3. Choose wisely “Consider how much wear and tear there will be – for example, hallways and kitchens, in particular, can mean paintwork needs to stand up to a lot,” the experts said. “Making sure your wall paint is completely scrubbable will mean you can relax.” 4. Check “Once you have a general idea of colour(s) you want (including white as whites can be surprisingly varied), test them in the room,” they continued. “Do not make your final decision based only on a colour you have seen on a phone or computer screen or in a shop! “Get yourself samples of several similar colours and put them on the wall in the room they are being considered for. View them all around the room and don’t forget to check them out at night too as natural light and artificial light can mean big differences.” The full Frenchic range can be found at www.frenchicpaint.co.uk