The Jerry Springer Show was a '90s talk-show known for its explosive screaming matches, on-stage scuffles and the famous crowd chant: “Jerry, Jerry, Jerry!” And in a recent appearance on Australia’s The Morning Show, the showbiz veteran denied the long-standing rumours that the show was fabricated, saying that contestants would get “sued” if they “ made it up". The former lawyer discussed his controversial show with Larry Emdur and Kylie Gilles on Wednesday’s instalment of Australia’s The Morning Show. Springer revealed every one of his guests, who spoke about topics including incest and adultery on the show was real, admitting it was “98 percent real”. He explained: “I'd say it was 98 percent real. In fact, the lawyers were involved, so you'd get sued if you made it up.” According to Springer, all his guests were completely genuine but often performed during the show to accommodate the program's rowdy atmosphere. READ MORE: FBI Most Wanted star ‘out my comfort zone’ in three-part crossover “The situations were truthful. What was embellished was the reactions. Because you had the audience screaming, 'Jerry, Jerry!''' he said. He continued: “They'd seen the show 100 times before. And so you could have the same people on Oprah and they would have behaved perfectly. "It's just that when they came to our show, they kind of knew the drill and they just behaved like that," he recalled. Springer also explained how before the episode was aired, guests would explain their situation while the cameras were rolling, and they would be "liable" if they made anything up.  The talk show ran for nearly 4,000 episodes after it debuted in September of 1991, with its popularity peaking in the late '90s. It was so popular with viewers that in 1998, Springer starred in a feature film called Ringmaster, based on the reality program. Reflecting on his show's success, Springer said: “It was a crazy show for 30 years, and it was enjoyable. Obviously, there was an audience that enjoyed it. "But I never thought it had any redeeming social value. I mean, it wouldn't hurt you, but it wouldn't, you know, make you a better person either.” DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parodyBridgerton trailer exposes Charlotte and George’s tragic romanceThe Rookie fans emotional after Annie Wersching tribute The Jerry Springer Show initially focused on political issues but struggled in the ratings, resulting in a major rebrand by covering controversial topics. The overhaul was so successful that the likes of Jenny Jones, Maury Povich, Montel Williams, and Ricki Lake revamped their own shows in order to improve ratings. Usually, Springer would cover chats that explored the explosive personal lives of day-to-day people and controversial topics often accompanied by swearing, nudity and fights erupting on set occasionally. But it was later slammed by the critics, leading Springer to introduce the programme as the "worst TV show of all time" at the beginning of each episode. Springer also touched on the fact the show had one unintended positive quality, which was that it highlighted members of society that were previously ignored by mainstream television. He explained: “Up until our show came along, American television was basically all upper-class white. And all of a sudden you saw people who weren't wealthy, who weren't rich, who weren't famous, they were just regular people who had their own issues.” The show achieved excellent ratings especially in the late '90s, becoming the first talk show in years to beat The Oprah Winfrey Show. However, The Jerry Springer Show was cancelled in 2018 after a staggering 27 seasons. The Jerry Springer Show is streaming on The Roku Channel or Pluto TV in the US.