 Just over three years have now passed since the UK officially left the EU on January 31, 2020. Now, with an economy reeling from labour shortages and an energy crisis, disagreements over post-Brexit policy long since put to bed appear to be flaring up once again. Last week, a group of Conservatives – including party veteran Michael Gove – took part in a covert Oxfordshire countryside meeting headlined: “How can we make Brexit work better with our neighbours in Europe?” The Opposition appears to be toying with a change of approach as well. During a January speech to Chatham House, shadow foreign secretary David Lammy – who also attended last week’s summit – spoke of Labour’s desire to “normalise” relations with the EU. If something must change, what options does the UK have?      A large contingent of those dissatisfied with the present outcome of Brexit still support the idea, yet believe it hasn’t gone far enough. In a poll that ran from January 31 to February 1, the vast majority of Express.co.uk readers (78 percent) said they still backed Brexit seven years after the referendum. Lord Frost warned that “many in our political and business establishment want to unravel the deals we did to exit the EU in 2020 and to stay shadowing the EU instead.” Reclaiming control over Britain’s laws and borders was a driving force behind the Leave vote. Despite stopping the free movement of people from the EU and implementing a points-based system, immigration hit a record 504,000 in the year to last June. Illegal small-boat channel crossing remains a major concern, as senior Tories claim the UK’s continued membership of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) – an institution separate yet intimately linked to the EU – makes deporting arrivals on British beaches too difficult to act as a deterrent. READ MORE: Astonishingly six years after Brexit EU still has whip hand over UK     However, according to Sir Iain Duncan Smith, “big changes are coming down the tracks”. Citing the pandemic as a source of delay, he claimed the Conservatives were “getting on with it now”. Speaking to GB News, the former Tory leader highlighted the Retained EU Law Bill’s passing through the Commons – legislation that would retire roughly 4,000 lingering EU-derived laws by the end of the year. Once this is achieved, the Government would be fully empowered to make the most of the UK’s withdrawal. Seizing the opportunity to step further away from the EU may also prove politically necessary, as the Tories contend with a mounting challenge from Reform UK – the successor to Nigel Farage’s Brexit Party. As the voice of staunch Euroscepticism, the party is creeping up in election polls. Responding to the news of the cross-party meeting, Mr Farage said the “full sellout of Brexit is underway,” before accusing the Conservatives of having “never believed in it”. DON'T MISS:Tories snap back at 'lavish' spending on taxpayer-funded cards [REPORT]Home Counties fume at Sadiq Khan over ULEZ plans [LATEST]Meghan's lavish Valentine's days before Harry relationship [INSIGHT]Families facing biggest council tax rise ever [ANALYSIS]    But what of the potential benefits of reaffirming ties with the EU? The political momentum behind such a project is also strong. Alongside secret Tory-hosted summits, the Labour Party has taken a big step in this direction. Speaking at the meeting of the World Economic Forum in January, leader Sir Keir Starmer outlined his desire for a “closer economic partnership” to improve trade relations with the EU, building on his party’s plans to negotiate specific agreements on science, research, security and other sectors if they were in power. Although the EU’s share of the UK’s international trade began falling long before the referendum, the bloc as a whole remains the UK’s largest trading partner – the destination for 42 percent of all British exports and the origin of 45 percent of all imports in 2021. The UK currently has a bilateral trade agreement with the EU in the form of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement – worth £594.6billion during its first year. So far, a great number of EU customs rules have been rolled over to avoid friction at the borders. This is most strikingly evidenced by the vast lorry inspection sites in Kent that now lie empty.     Pursuing this path, the UK could attempt to negotiate a new customs union with the EU, similar to the one Turkey has in place. This would guarantee tariff-free trade, but also mean once again being forced to apply the EU’s common external tariff on goods exchanged with the rest of the world. The UK would also no longer be able to strike its own bespoke trade deals – such as the one desperately sought with the US, with whom trade amounted to £235billion in the year to June 2022 – and would have to reapply a host of EU product regulations. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has come out firmly against this approach. Back in November, following reports the Government was pursuing closer ties, he said: “On trade, let me be unequivocal about this: under my leadership, the United Kingdom will not pursue any relationship with Europe that relies on alignment with EU laws.” Going one step further, the UK could also seek a Swiss-style deal and regain access to the single market. The relaxation of immigration rules this would entail could help to overcome the UK’s shortfall of low-skilled workers, estimated by think tanks last month to be at 330,000. Such a strategy has, however, been ruled out by both Government and the Opposition.   The UK also has the option to bin Brexit altogether, reverse course and reapply for EU membership – ceding to the number of harrowing reports published in recent months. An analysis by Bloomberg Economics published in January estimated the cost of Brexit at £100billion per year, claiming the economy is currently four percent smaller than it would have been. In an interview with economics website The Overshoot, former Bank of England policymaker Professor Jonathan Haskel said the UK’s withdrawal from the EU had imposed a “productivity penalty” amounting to £1,000 per household since the referendum. The January poll of polls summary by the National Centre for Social Research found a record high 58.5 percent of the public now believed the UK would be better off in the EU. The EU’s former chief negotiator Michel Barnier has said the door remained open to the UK at “any time,” while Guy Verhofstadt – head of the European Parliament’s Brexit committee – recently tweeted: “I have a dream. Ukraine and Britain joining the EU in the next five years.” In a poll conducted between January 3 and 4, three-quarters of Express.co.uk readers rejected the notion of holding a second referendum. Instead of simply turning the clocks back to 2016, the UK back within the EU would be deprived of the special deals it formerly enjoyed. Aside from sacrificing the budget rebate and being able to opt out of the European Court of Justice framework, the UK would also likely have to join the Schengen Area – abolishing border checks entirely for EU arrivals – as well as adopt the euro. Pundits believe if these facts were made clear, support for rejoining would crumble. Which do you think the UK should pursue, reject, realign, rejoin? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments section below. 