In 2021, Adele spoke publicly about losing 100lbs, which is equivalent to just over seven stone. She shared the methods she used to help her reach her health goals and combat anxiety at the same time. Instead of following a fad diet, the singer lost weight over two years by lifting weights and doing circuit training. During an interview with Oprah, Adele said she felt like her “body has been objectified my entire career”. She said “people have been talking about my body for 12 years” and that her weight loss journey was personal, stating she “did it for myself and not anyone else” so didn’t feel the need to openly discuss it. Adele also said she never felt like she “needed” to slim down. “I was body positive [before my weight loss], and I’m body positive now,” she explained. “You don’t need to be overweight to be body positive, you can be any shape or size.” READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures As for how she achieved her weight loss, she revealed her intense exercise regime to British Vogue. During the initial Covid quarantine, Adele worked out three times a day. She explained: “So I do my weights in the morning, then I normally hike or I box in the afternoon, and then I go and do my cardio at night.” Adele also confessed she had started deadlifting, beginning with 10lbs before working her way up to an impressive 170lbs. She joked: “I'm an athlete, I love it!” DON'T MISS...McDonald's announces fan-favourite item is returning to menus [NEWS]Princess Kate ‘parents Prince Louis perfectly’ [COMMENT]Clever storage method to keep avocados 'perfectly green' for 10 days [GUIDE] Adele also enjoys boxing adding she has a “left hook that could kill”. Exercising was not just about losing weight, it was about embracing a healthier lifestyle. She said she worked out “because of my anxiety” and exercising helped her “feel better”. “It was never about losing weight, it was always about becoming strong and giving myself as much time every day without my phone. I got quite addicted to it,” Adele added. Her anxiety surfaced when she was going through her divorce, and she admitted she suffered from “the most terrifying anxiety attacks after I left my marriage”. READ MORE: Sue Cleaver opens up on how she’s 'lost more weight' recently Working out every day gave Adele "discipline" and helped fill her otherwise empty schedule. In terms of food, Adele denied the rumours she followed a Sirtfood diet: “No. Ain’t done that. No intermittent fasting. Nothing.” She said “if anything I eat more than I used to because I work out so hard. And also, that whole thing of like, ‘Gets Revenge Body’… Oh my God. Suck my d**k.” It was at Drake’s birthday party in October 2019 when the world noticed Adele was slimmer. She posted an image of herself and captioned it: “I used to cry but now I sweat.” Then for her 32nd birthday in May 2020, Adele posted a more dramatic photo thanking her fans for good wishes and she was notably thinner. In August of the same year, Adele posed to congratulate Beyonce and fans didn’t recognise her. She also posted an image of herself in a bikini top with the Jamaican flag in 2020 as a tribute to Notting Hill Carnival, and her weight loss was obvious. In October 2020, Adele joked about her weight loss during her SNL monologue, saying: “Because of all the Covid restrictions…I had to travel light and I could only bring half of me, and this is the half I chose."