Erik ten Hag has totally revolutionised the Manchester United squad he inherited from Ralf Rangnick last summer and one of his greatest strengths along the way has been the charisma and charm he has displayed in doing so. The former Ajax head coach is not only a savvy tactician but he is also a ruthless operator, who has made some immaculate calls since taking over the reins at Old Trafford. He went toe-to-toe with five time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo - banishing him from the squad - before eventually overseeing the mutual termination of his contract. It was a clear market that no matter what you have achieved within the game, Ten Hag was the man at the helm at United and the Dutchman is simply not to be messed with. His brave, clear-cut man-management has quickly won over the hearts of supporters and there is also a huge sense of humility and compassion about the work Ten Hag has carried out to date and the principles he has implemented around Carrington. Jadon Sancho was enduring the toughest period of his professional career when Ten Hag decided to remove him from the United first-team picture, sending him away to Holland with a personal coach to improve his sharpness, fitness levels and general mental state. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised On the basis of Sancho's blistering form since his return to action against Leeds earlier this month - it looks as though Ten Hag has pulled off a masterstroke. The forward-thinking boss has displayed a vast range of qualities since firing United up the table and that's why it's somewhat astounding to recall exactly why he was snubbed by Tottenham less than two years ago. According to a report from The Mail, Ten Hag flunked his final interview with Tottenham because he 'lacked charisma' which is something he has displayed tenfold since arriving at United. Furthermore, for all of Antonio Conte's class - his miserable second season at the helm at Tottenham has been a case of anything but. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light  Conte has been totally devoid of charisma and while it must be noted that he has experienced some personal health issues since the start of 2023, the Italian's time at Tottenham is at risk of finishing with a whimper. Spurs remain optimistic they will finish inside the top-four and potentially end the season with some silverware with the FA Cup and if either are achieved, Conte has undeniably been a huge hit. But Tottenham are sadly missing that charisma that Ten Hag has brought to Old Trafford and that Mauricio Pochettino had in abundance during his fantastic and memorable tenure. If Tottenham aren't going to win trophies - supporters will at least want to have fun along the way. It's exactly why the return of Pochettino could prove so popular if Conte opts against extending his contract at the end of the season. Given how dull Nuno Espirito Santo's Tottenham side were, it is now borderline insulting that Ten Hag was allegedly accused of lacking charisma. He has brought the magic back to Old Trafford this season and he is slowly assembling a side that looks capable of potentially helping United return to their former glories. That will of course prove very difficult in the modern Premier League era when there are so many contenders for the top spots in the division but it's clear to see United are onto a winner with Ten Hag. It's something Spurs must learn from if they are to eventually find the winning recipe in north London after so many years of mediocrity.