The show which launched in March 2013 has been a hit with viewers and is now one of the channel's most watched TV series. To celebrate 10 years the show has promised a bumper 90-minute special. The eagerly anticipated show will feature all of the current Gogglebox stars as well as former faces. With only two original cast members still on the show, fans will rejoice at seeing some familiar faces return. They will be on hand to critique some of the country’s most-watched programmes on the small screen. Channel 4 has called the anniversary programme “a chance to look back at our favourites TV from the last decade and also our favourite Goggleboxers with whom we’ve watched it.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Hoteliers Steph and Dom Parker, and Sandra Martin and Sandi Bogle are confirmed to return, who all left the show to work on other projects. Recently Sandi hinted at a return to the award-winning series for the anniversary and speculated what fans could expect from the show. The popular South Londoner shared the sofa with best friend Sandra and proved to be a big hit with fans. Leaving in 2016, the TV personality went on to appear in several reality shows including Celebrity Big Brother, Celebrity Fit Farm, and Famous and Fighting Crime. Her Gogglebox friend Sandra left the show in 2018 as she felt that being on Gogglebox without her best friend wasn't the same. Speaking to the Daily Star, Sandi said: “I think they will do something special. That's what fans are crying out for. “Of course, I want to be part of it. I am one of the originals. I would be happy to go back. “I’d just be me. Gogglebox is an amazing concept. The show is a success because it has different people in it DON'T MISS: Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [TV] Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [LATEST] Love Island viewers rush to defend Casey over love triangle chaos  [NEWS] “They’re everyday people. It’s real. It’s what people do every single day…watching TV.” She continued: “You go get your food in and watch it as a family.” The popular show has only two sets of Gogglebox stars who appeared in the first episode still giving armchair critiques of their favourite shows. Stephen Webb, who now shares his sofa with husband Daniel Lustiq, and the Siddiqui family are the only original stars left. The series is now on its 21st season and features brother and sister duo Pete and Sophie Sandiford, and partners Mary and Giles. Jenny Newby and Lee Riley are also fan favourites and are regulars on the show. The show was originally narrated by Caroline Aherne with Craig Cash taking over the honours after her death in 2016. The channel has also confirmed that it will be a bumper 90-minute episode and will be aired Saturday instead of its usual Friday night slot.