Donnie Wahlberg is swapping his police procedural drama series, Blue Bloods, for a new ground-breaking documentary that challenges the conventional knowledge regarding those with mental disabilities, such as autism. The CBS star is “incredibly proud” to be working alongside his wife Jenny McCarthy on this new and inspiring project. Wahlberg and McCarthy have announced they are working on a new full-length documentary called Spellers, based on the book Underestimated: An Autism Miracle. McCarthy took to Instagram last week to announce the news that she and Wahlberg are making a new "awe-inspiring" documentary. The pair have since been inundated with admiration and heartfelt support from fans after revealing their new "tear-jerking" project. In an Instagram post, the actress shared a trailer for the pair's upcoming documentary along with the concept of the inspirational movie explained in the caption. READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Eddie in fierce clash with Erin after 'overstepping' The caption read: "Donnie and I are so incredibly proud to be Executive Producers on such a groundbreaking, awe inspiring, and tear jerking documentary, Spellers, We hope you can help share this film across every platform when it’s released." She continued: "Inspired by the book Underestimated, the new full-length documentary SPELLERS challenges conventional wisdom regarding a group relegated to society’s margins: nonspeakers with autism, who most 'experts' believe are cognitively disabled." The Masked Singer US judge added: “As the film opening asks, 'What if they’d been wrong…about every single one of them?’ "SPELLERS answers that question through the stories of eight nonspeakers—Aydan, Evan, Sid, Maddie, Jamie, Vince, Cade, and Elizabeth—who all found their voice through the process of using a letterboard to communicate their thoughts and feelings.”  Fans were quick to flood the actress’ comment section with praise for her and her husband. One person, @luxebytracylee said: "Congratulations to you and Donnie EP! So proud and can’t wait to awe it!” While @mare305 added: “What if we are wrong and they are right. Love this [love heart emoji]." Elsewhere, @jennyr1574 said: “Thank you for your courage to 'buck the system and speak truth'," with a fourth @lindz_jay adding: "Already in my feels just reading the description [love heart emoji].” Many people, who appeared to have autistic children or experiences with them, shared their heartwarming stories, agreeing with the concept of the documentary. DON'T MISS:SWAT season 6 delayed in CBS shake-upNCIS LA's Eric Christian Olsen 'overwhelmed' as he talks new projectNCIS' Gibbs return 'sealed' as long-serving co-star speaks out It is believed the reason behind the pair filming the documentary is because their own son (Wahlberg’s stepson) Evan has been diagnosed with autism. Evan was diagnosed at the age of two, after suffering from multiple seizures that doctors first put down to a fever. After many tests and wrong diagnostics, neurologists believed Evan at first had epilepsy, but McCarthy's "mommy instinct," as she called it, thought that was not the case. Finally, a doctor told the actress: “I'm sorry, but your son has autism.” She told People Magazine: “My mommy instinct said, 'This man is right.' I didn't want to believe him … but … this man is right. I felt like death." Although the news of the documentary is exciting for the couple, there were many comments from fans wondering if Donnie will now be focused on documentary-making, rather than his role in Blue Bloods. Fans asked if he was leaving the show, but the singer-songwriter has not revealed if he is leaving the police procedural drama series. There has been no official announcement of when or where fans can watch the documentary, but they were given the vague time slot of spring this year. Blue Bloods continues Fridays on CBS in the USA now. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 