Soap star-turned-ITV announcer Charles Foster has sadly died. The actor and TV presenter rose to fame on North West's Granada TV channel in the 70s, 80s, and 90s.  The multi-talented star also landed acting roles in Coronation Street, Emmerdale, and ITV drama Crown Court. In recent years, Charles provided the voice over on ITV's Judge Rinder show. He has also lent his voice to Catchphrase and The Krypton Factor. Tributes have been flooding in for Charles since the news of his death was confirmed. READ MORE...Eamonn Holmes pushed by son as he's forced to use wheelchair Granada Reports' producer Rob Jaskowski said: "Charles was such a nice person. "I remember being star stuck on my first day at Granada on work placement in 1984 when I sat with him in the canteen at Quay Street. "He was great to chat with and a true inspiration. "Condolences to his family and friends." BBC presenter Steve Saul also added: "Sorry to hear the reports of the death of former Granada TV continuity announcer and voiceover Charles Foster. "Along with Colin Weston and Jim Pope they were the friendly face of ITV when I was growing up. "I would have loved to have been an in-vision continuity announcer." Charles will also be known to soap fans as Judge Connolly, whom he portrayed in the ITV show in 2008. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson details plans for own funeral with cathedral hireZoe Ball says 'I'll be lucky if I last next 2 years’ amid BBC shake-upAnton Du Beke shares 'tragedy' as royal 'shuts down' Strictly stint Charles was married to a fellow soap star, actress Meg Johnson, 85. Meg appeared in Corrie, Brookside and Taggart during her career. Meg also famously played Pearl Ladderbanks in Emmerdale and was the star of some major storylines during her stint in the soap. She hasn't appeared on the show since March 30 2020. Many Emmerdale fans are hoping to see her make a comeback, but she has not returned to the soap since the Covid pandemic, due to her age and the risk of catching the virus. Charles followed in his wife's footsteps in soap operas, but had more minor roles. He first appeared in Coronation Street as a radio announcer in June 1975. His second role in the hit ITV series was as a gateman at a racecourse attended by Weatherfield residents.