Turkey and Syria earthquake appeals are being hijacked by scammers using the disaster for their own benefit. Emotional social media campaigns claiming to raise money for those devastated by the magnitude 7.5 and 7.8 quakes - which have claimed more than 35,000 lives - are, in some cases, lining the pockets of conmen. The concerning trend has led official charities and security watchdogs to issue a warning as the scams appear across several social media platforms. TikTok users are among those most commonly targeted by the scams, with content creators gaming their followers for digital gifts, the BBC found. The social media site's 'TikTok Live' platform has accounts showing looping footage of rescue attempts and television coverage of the devastation. Streams are captioned with calls to action like "Pray for Turkey" and "Donate for earthquake victims". Scammers have repeated the method on other sites, including Twitter, where they have incorporated cryptocurrencies. READ MORE: Earthquake survivors in Turkey flee to southern town seeking sanctuary Twitter posts have asked users to donate to aid campaigns using links to Bitcoin and Ethereum wallets. The methods differ depending on the platform, and each scam attempt has discrepancies. The Twitter account asking for cryptocurrency donations used a central image of what appeared to be a greek emergency worker cradling a young, dirt-covered Turkish child. While evocative on the surface, on closer inspection, the photo is AI-generated. Twitter users quickly pointed out that the emergency worker in the image has six fingers on his right hand. According to the BBC, the address from the Bitcoin wallet was previously used in scam tweets from 2018. The account owner told the publication he had receipts and could "prove" he was donating to earthquake victims. On TikTok, the images used to promote the fake earthquake aid campaigns were first posted several years ago, with videos blurring surroundings and preventing people from verifying the location as Turkey or Syria. The scams aren't always evident, with others found on PayPal appearing more official. Charity officials have praised people's generosity towards earthquake victims but urged them to stay vigilant when donating. Charity Commission Chief Executive Helen Stephenson told the Daily Mail that events like these "provide opportunity for fraudsters and scammers". She warned that scammers would "find new ways to try and trick people into directing funds away from people in need". Ms Stephenson added: "However, the public shouldn't let this stop them from contributing to help people dealing with the shocking impacts of the recent earthquakes. "Instead, we're reminding everyone to always follow our key steps to avoid scammers when donating, such as checking our online register."