Arsenal new boy Jorginho could go straight into the Gunners team for their Premier League visit to Everton on Saturday. The deadline day signing from Chelsea has an early opportunity to make his debut for the North Londoners with Thomas Partey potentially ruled out through injury. Partey was replaced at half-time during Arsenal’s FA Cup defeat by Manchester City last week. The midfielder has returned to training following the hip injury but remains a doubt to start. Express Sport looks at how Arsenal might line up without the Ghanaian. Goalkeeper: Aaron Ramsdale First-choice goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale will return to the team after sitting out the City defeat. Matt Turner deputised for Ramsdale but could do nothing about Nathan Ake’s well-taken finish. Defenders: Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel, Oleksandr Zinchenko Takehiro Tomiyasu, Kieran Tierney and Rob Holding were given rare outings in the cup. Oleksandr Zinchenko, Ben White and William Saliba enjoyed well-earned rests, although the Ukrainian appeared as a second-half substitute. Mikel Arteta will surely revert to his favoured back four for the Premier League. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta explains transfer 'inconvenience' before Jorginho deal Midfielders: Jorginho, Granit Xhaka, Martin Odegaard Arteta placed doubt on Partey’s return to full fitness on Friday. Despite reports of Partey returning to full training this week, the Spaniard revealed that the former Atletico Madrid man could miss out. "Let’s see, that one is still a doubt," Arteta said. "Let’s see how he comes in today and if he’s able to train or not. We will make a decision on that. "He’s not ruled out and it’s nothing very significant, but it was significant enough to get him out of the game which for Thomas is a bit unusual but hopefully he’ll be fine." That could allow £12m arrival Jorginho to make his debut at the base of the midfield. The Italian’s arrival prompted a mixed reception from Arsenal fans, and he will hope to make an immediate impression. Granit Xhaka and Martin Odegaard have been in excellent form in recent months. It remains to be seen if they can continue those performance if Partey misses out. DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Tomiyasu names team-mate who gives him hell in trainingArsenal's six-man summer shortlist as Arteta set to go fro the jugularArsenal resisted 'option of recalling' Folarin Balogun in January Attackers: Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli Gabriel Martinelli will be hoping to mark his new Arsenal contract with a goal. The Brazilian winger has signed a new long-term deal with the North Londoners, extending his four-year stay. Arteta spoke about wanting to tie down his opposite wide man Saka to fresh terms. He will start alongside the impressive Eddie Nketiah.