Zinc, one of the largest e-scooter brands in the UK, is introducing its first seated electric scooter, with the aim of it appealing to elderly people. Boasting many of the features people would expect from a bike including a seat, a frame and mudguards, the Zinc Venture takes all of the benefits of a bike and puts them into an e-scooter. The brand believes the scooter will be suitable for a population that might want to sit down while enjoying the benefits of a ride that can be used recreationally and on private land. When legislation eventually allows, it also believes they will help couriers and delivery drivers. The Zinc Venture Folding e-scooter has a top speed of 15.5mph and an impressive battery range of 15 miles. The charging port is located on the underside of the frame and riders simply need to attach the cable to the port and can be charged in four hours. READ MORE: Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling Its strong, sturdy frame and 14-inch air-filled tyres with built-in shock absorbers will provide a smooth and comfortable ride. It also features a double disc brake, which should reassure riders, allowing them to come to a safe stop. Chirag Shah, Chief Operating Officer for Zinc Sports, praised the £500 e-scooter, saying it will hopefully be popular with a range of riders in the future. They said: “For us, it was important that the Zinc Venture e-scooter has many of the qualities that you would associate with a bike, but in the form of an e-scooter at an accessible price point. DON'T MISSMassive new number plate changes to be introduced within weeks [INSIGHT]Car expert explains the only time 'you can ignore' some 'PCNs' [EXPERT ADVICE]UK drivers will see nearly £400 added to fuel bills in 2023 [SHOCKING] “We think it will prove popular with those that want to sit down, and when legislation does eventually allow, it will also benefit couriers and delivery drivers too.” The new seated e-scooter also boasts a quick folding mechanism for easy portability and storage, essential for carrying when on the move. It also has a multi-functional LED display showing the speed, range and ride mode, with a kickstand for added stability. Riders of the Zinc Venture e-scooter can enjoy a variety of speed modes and front and rear safety lights. READ MORE: Inside the incredible car collection of The Apprentice's Alan Sugar Elderly people are rarely the target of e-scooter marketing, with younger people under the age of 30 using the vehicles most often. In July 2020, the Department for Transport made regulations allowing trials of rental e-scooters to be fast-tracked and expanded. The original deadline for the end of the trials was November 30, 2021, but trials were extended until March 31, 2022, to take into account the slower start to trials as a result of the pandemic. All trial vehicles must adhere to certain requirements set out by the Government to ensure that they are used properly and safely. This includes a maximum speed of 15.5mph, a maximum mass of 55kg and is designed to carry no more than one person. Although it is legal to use a rented e-scooter on public roads and cycle lanes, the same cannot be said for the privately owned ones It was believed that the Government would be introducing legislation to fully legalise the use of e-scooters in the UK. It was hinted at as part of the Transport Bill which was referenced in the Queen’s Speech in May last year. The new driving laws are set to create a new vehicle category for powered light transport vehicles - which could include e-scooters.