 Although he is nearing his century, Dick Van Dyke, 97, is still an avid performer and far from retirement as he surprised fans on The Masked Singer. The star credits his wife, Arlene Silver, as his supply of vitality as she helps take care of him and keeps his spirits up.   The Hollywood legend startled The Masked Singer viewers as he was dubbed the show’s “greatest ever reveal" when he was unmasked as the Gnome. Judge Nicole Scherzinger was brought to tears on the programme at the sight of the Walk of Fame icon. At 97 it’s unsurprising that his appearance left many fans questioning how on earth Dick is still almost as active and energetic as when he started performing in 1963. In a new interview with Yahoo, the singer revealed his secret to staying young is: “Having a beautiful young wife half my age to take care of me – that works!” READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for pancake day post as he attempts to outclass dad David Beckham  Dick and Arlene have been married for 11 years after originally meeting in 2006, and the singer admitted she even had a hand in inspiring his Masked Singer performance as she picked out the song When You’re Smiling by Frank Sinatra. Arlene was working behind the scenes at the 2006 Screen Actors Guild Awards while Dick was centre stage for the event when they first met. At the time, the actor was 81 and in a long-term relationship with Michelle Triola, while Arlene was just 35, but they quickly became good friends. When Michelle tragically died from lung cancer in 2009, Dick and Arlene found their love blossoming out of the loss.     The Chitty Chitty Bang Bang actor shared just after his wedding that although he was slightly worried about the reaction they would receive due to the 46-year age gap, he was wholesomely surprised. He told People in 2012: “My grandkids call her Grandma. My four kids just love her.” Dick has four children from his previous marriage to Margie Willett, seven grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. The actor continued, telling Yahoo that Arlene also has a hand in his daily life as she helps him keep a “positive attitude” and takes him to the gym three days a week.  The performer highlighted the latter habit, saying: “I advise everybody to do that, because that’s what ages people. “It’s just a stiffening up and not exercising their muscles and their lungs. “Exercise is the answer.” The Dick Tracy actor previously told CBS This Morning that he has a full ab workout routine that doesn’t require any equipment.  While doing sit-ups, Dick shared: “The stomach is the core of your whole body. If your stomach’s strong, you’re in good shape.” “So all you old guys out there, listen to me, I’m telling you, you can keep going. “I’m still dancing and singing!” The Bye Bye Birdie star also gave a note of appreciation to his lineage while talking to Yahoo as he admitted his age-defying looks may be down to just good genes.