The Queen has urged authors to resist curbs on freedom of expression – in a clear reference to the Roald Dahl censorship row. A source close to Camilla said she was “shocked and dismayed” that publishers Puffin had made hundreds of changes to the ­original text of the much-loved ­children’s books.  The books have been edited – with the approval of the Roald Dahl Story Company, which manages the copyright and trademarks of the late author’s works – to remove or change references to weight, height, mental health, gender and skin colour to minimise offence. The edit included removing words such as “fat” and “ugly” as well as descriptions using the colours black and white. But in a speech at a Clarence House reception to mark the second anniversary of her online book club, the Reading Room, the Queen told a group of assembled authors: “Please remain true to your calling, unimpeded by those who may wish to curb the freedom of your expression or impose limits on your imagination.” Camilla, 75, on her first public duty since recovering from Covid, looked up with a smile as she added: “Enough said.” Her comments were greeted by laughter and cheers. Well-placed sources said her remarks were to be taken as a broad reference to the controversy over the censoring of Dahl, a Second World War RAF fighter pilot who became one of the 20th century’s greatest storytellers for children, selling more than 250 million books.  Among the top authors gathered to mark the occasion yesterday were William Boyd, Philippa Gregory, Charlie Mackesy, Victoria Hislop, Jacqueline Wilson, Sebastian Faulks and the crime writer Peter James, one of her personal favourites. Mr James, whose Brighton-set Roy Grace detective books are particular favourites of the Queen, said: “It’s marvellous to hear such common sense from one of the highest platforms in the land and there was a resounding cheer among the invited writers. “The Queen Consort has long been a fan of books and writing but is also, as she made crystal clear, a supporter of freedom of speech and expression.” On the Dahl debate, he added: “The big question is how far back are we going to go? Are we going to censor Dickens? There is some pretty tough stuff in Dickens that is quite offensive. “Are we going to look at Shakespeare? I think what we have got to accept is that it was a moment in time and this is now.” Camilla, who was joined by the King at the event, announced that the book club has become her first new charity as Queen Consort.  The Queen’s Reading Room, which will hold its first literary festival at Hampton Court Palace in June with a star-studded list of speakers, will work to improve education and foster a love of literature among both adults and children in the UK and around the world. Surrounded by writers yesterday, Camilla urged all of those gathered to take “the most enormous pride” in their profession and in the part they play in opening readers’ eyes to others’ experiences. She cited a “stirring speech” given by US writer John Steinbeck when he received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1962, a copy of which, she said, should be on the desk of every author to act as an encouragement and reminder of what Steinbeck described as “the ancient commission of the writer”. This is “not to squeak like a grateful and apologetic mouse but to roar like a lion out of pride”. The editing of Dahl’s works began under a review started in 2020, when the company was still run by the Dahl family, and concluded last year after the estate was sold to Netflix. It has divided the literary world but authors assembled at Clarence House yesterday lined up to support the Queen’s intervention.  William Boyd, the author of A Good Man in Africa, said: “I think children go to Roald Dahl for precisely the reasons they are excising the books. It’s part of the slightly elicit appeal and if you sanitise it you might take away what makes Roald Dahl interesting. “I understand why it’s happened but, if you ask children why they like Roald Dahl, it’s because he is naughty and transgressive, so you end up throwing the baby out with the bath water.” Puffin has defended the editing, saying it was not unusual for publishers to review and update language “as the meaning and impact of words changes over time”. Camilla also met children from Our Lady and St John’s Primary School during a visit to the new JCA London Fashion Academy in Brentford, west London. Wearing a navy Anna Valentine coat, she was greeted by Jimmy Choo, the celebrated shoe designer who founded the academy. 