The 13-part series will be released on Netflix US on Wednesday, February 15. Eva Lasting takes places in Colombia in the 1970s at a high school. The show starts with the arrival of a mysterious female student Eva Samper (played by Francisca Estevez Navas) to an all-boys school with the teen quickly turning heads. Eva is a rebel and open-minded as she attends the 600-strong school with fellow teen Camilo Granados (Emmanuel Restrepo) falling for her. Camilo tries to win over Eva who is busy teaching her fellow students all about sex, love and real life. Jose Maria Root Public School is being upended by Eva’s arrival but Camilo soon discovers her deep secret which could see them separated forever. He will now keep doing everything to protect Eva and fight to save his first love. Here’s a look at the cast of the forthcoming Netflix drama series. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over 'unimportant' Will Ferrell interview Eva Samper - Francisca Estevez Navas Taking on the title character Eva Samper is actress Francisca Estevez Navas or Francisca Estevez, who started out at a child star at the age of three. She is best known for her role in La Nieta Elegida in the main role as Luisa Mayoraga, which she appeared in between 2021 and 2022. Some of her other roles include La Diabla, The Devil’s Child, Promising Young Woman and the TV series Los noches de Luciana. The Colombian-American actress is a star in her native country and recently appeared on the nation’s edition of Celebrity MasterChef. Camilo Granados - Emmanuel Restrepo In the role of lovestruck teen Camilo Granados is actor Emmanuel Restrepo, who will be trying to keep Eva safe. He has appeared in Nurses, Las Pasantes, Álbum and Cómo sobreviví al 2020. The star will next be appearing in the short film Esta Vez. Alicia Lopez - Adriana Arango Adriana Arango stars as Alicia Lopez after appearing in The Queen of Flow, La Nieta Elegida and El General Naranjo, among other roles. Rodrigo Arbelaez - Mateo Garcia Mateo Garcia stars as Rodrigo Arbelaez following on from parts in American Fighter, Bumblebee, Flash and Looking Into the Fire. Gustavo Pabón - Julián Cerati Julián Cerati will be playing another student Gustavo Pabón, who will be just as smitten by Eva. His previous roles have included Misfit, Freeks, The Marked Heart, The Unremarkable Juanquini and Once. Estela - Chichila Navia Chichila Navia portrays one of the grown ups in Eva Lasting as Estela. She is known for her roles in Filthy Envy, Pablo Escobar: El Patrón del Mal, To Love You and Garzón vive. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity [THEORY] Sara Pizo - Luisa Salcedo Luisa Salcedo plays another student Sara Pizo and may be making waves as well. Martín Salcedo - Sergio Palau Sergio Palau appears as Martín Salcedo with the TV show marking his first big role. Alvaro Castro - Brandon Figueredo Up-and-coming star Brandon Figueredo appears as Alvaro Castro and has previously starred in News of A Kidnapping, Noobees and Yo Soy Franky. Other cast members include Hans Martinez as Sanchez, William Acuña as Billy Heins and Edgar Acuña as Santiago Heins, among others. Eva Lasting airs on Netflix on February 15