Every year, Presidents’ Day is observed on the third Monday in February, and this year it falls next Monday on February 20. In celebration, Walmart has now released its Presidents’ Day deals, and here are the best sales the supermarket's website has to offer in order to help you get ready for the holiday.  For those looking to save money on some kitchen appliances, Walmart has offers that can save you over $100. The Vitamix ONE Blender was once $250 and is now $130, saving you $120. The blender has been designed to “fit your kitchen, your routine and your lifestyle” as it has been slimmed down to allow more counter space while still being able to blend even the toughest fruits and vegetables. One reviewer said the blender was “great value” for money and added: “I love the power of this blender and the simplicity of use. There are no special settings, just one knob that controls the speed. Very easy to use.” If you are looking for a cheaper blender, there is also the Hamilton Beach Smoothie Electric Blender which has gone from $45 to now being $25. One happy reviewer wrote: Best blender and value! Powerful for a very affordable price. Works great for frozen fruit smoothies. Many power settings. Lightweight. Slim line so doesn't take up space on the counter. And great cup capacity!" READ MORE: Shopper claims Walmart will start charging $1 for carts this month    If you are looking to treat yourself to some new technology, one of the greatest deals listed on the Walmart website is the Samsung Sound Tower 2022 which has gone from $500 to only $150, saving you $350 with 70 percent off.  One enthusiastic reviewer highly recommended the product as they said they have gotten plenty of use out of it. The reviewer said: "As soon as I got this, I went and DJ'd a pool party. I was blown away by the clarity. Then I took it to tailgate at a Bills game. The next day, I went to a Willie Nelson concert and used it to tailgate in the parking lot. Right now, I have it pulling duty in front of my TV. The bi-directional sound is great for TVs and I'm very happy." Another fantastic deal is the iRobot's Roomba i1+, which was once $530 and is now $288. If you are wondering what the fuss is about this advanced vacuum, it is wifi connected meaning you can control it from your mobile, and can also empty itself while being able to clean even the most stubborn dirt and other messes. One reviewer proclaimed that they “absolutely love my iRobot” and wrote: "This is literally life-changing. I have a dog that sheds A LOT. I used to have to vacuum every day to keep up with all my dog's hair on the floor. Now I just run my iRobot and it saves me so much time and energy!" Tech like Apple Airpods (2nd Generation with charging case) are currently 20 percent off at $99.00. DON'T MISS:Walmart pulls ‘poorly named’ KKK boots  [REPORT]Walmart shopper's best deals are 'honestly cheaper than Amazon' [REVEAL]Shaq O'Neal spent £59,000 in Walmart as NBA legend opens up on money [INSIGHT]  In health and beauty, Walmart is doing a fantastic deal on water flossers, which are usually a bit pricy. The Sejoy Cordless Water Flosser has gone from $60 to now $23, and is able to clean 99.99 percent of stains that traditional brushing and flossing cannot get to. One reviewer described it as “simple to use” and wrote: “This is my first water flosser, I'm so glad I bought this one, it only has one button, so it's easy to operate, it has three gears, I like the first gear because the others are too strong for me. But the first gear also has a great cleaning effect and I'm glad my friend recommended it to me!” Another great deal can be found in the bedding section, with the Serta Cloud Comfort Memory Foam Bed Pillows that have gone from $69 to now $35. The pillows are described as having “cloud-like softness night after night” and reviews have described the product as “very comfortable”. One review said: “Immediately I noticed that this pillow is extremely soft and moulds to my head and neck. At first, I thought it would be a firm pillow but was surprised at how comfortable it was throughout the night. In the morning, the pillow returned to its original form.”    If you are looking to celebrate the holiday in comfort, Walmart has you covered with their Avia Long Sleeve French Terry Cloth Tee, which has been dropped from $16 to $10. The long-sleeved shirt comes in a variety of colours such as black, white, grey, blue, green and pink, making it easy to style. The top is also “cute and comfy” according to reviewers, and comes in a variety of sizes, from XS to XXXL. One person wrote: “I got this long sleeve tee in a size extra small and it fits great. It's so comfortable and soft on I love it. The colour is super vibrant and cute. I think it would be great as loungewear or casually with jeans. I like that it feels like good quality material and not cheap either.” Another offer Walmart is showcasing in its clothing line is their Avia Women's High Rise Flex Tech Legging With Side Pockets, which were once priced at £21 and are now under $11, saving you more than $10. According to one review, these stretchy leggings “fit and feel amazing” and are both a “great quality and price!” Another reviewer said the leggings were “just as good as Lululemons” and even had a “slightly more durable feel”. The reviewer added: “Save yourself a ton of money and go buy yourself more than one pair of these, you won't regret it.” 