The "celebrity status" of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could make it difficult for the couple to have a "fair trial" in the defamation lawsuit brought against them by Meghan's half-sister, Samantha Markle. The couple's high level of fame can create biased public opinion and make it difficult to have an impartial jury, a legal expert told Express.co.uk. Samantha Markle, 58, is suing her younger half-sister and Harry for comments the couple made during their infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, claiming the couple made "demonstrably false and malicious statements" to a "worldwide audience". Legal expert Shawn Breyer, the owner of The Hive Law, said: "Public opinion and the celebrity status of the parties involved can often influence the outcome of a trial. "This can make it difficult to have a fair trial, as jurors may be swayed by the public perception of the individuals involved. For example, in high-profile cases involving celebrities, the media coverage can be intense and create a biased public opinion. "This can lead to jurors forming an opinion about the case before it even reaches the courtroom, making it harder for them to remain impartial."  He added: "Additionally, the celebrity status of the parties can also attract more attention from the media, which can create pressure on the judge and jury to deliver a verdict that is seen as favourable to the public. "Ultimately, the ability to have a fair trial in such cases depends on the impartiality and integrity of the judicial system." One "lie" Samantha claimed Meghan said during the couple's infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey was that she grew up as an only child. But in response to the defamation lawsuit, the Duchess' lawyers said in a written filing: "This perception is inherently unfalsifiable. It is hard to imagine a more personal and subjective feeling than how one views their own childhood." READ MORE: Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert It adds that Samantha "completely ignores" the context in which Meghan discussed saying she grew up as an only child. "The lawsuit was filed by Samantha claiming among other things that Meghan caused emotional distress to their father through acts of conspiracy and negligence. "Regardless of the merits of these claims, which appear slim at best, American law generally protects aspiring public figures from defamatory claims by terminated family members."  Mr Michael said the claim will likely be rejected in court. He explained: "The court system does this to protect people from unwarranted lawsuits used as leverage in an attempt to extort money or pursue vendettas against individuals with large disposable incomes. "Therefore, it is likely that the claim brought by Samantha will be rejected." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 