Benni McCarthy's stunning impact on Marcus Rashford at Manchester United this season has left a lasting impression on those back home in South Africa. The Bafana Bafana legend was brought in by Erik ten Hag back in July to help bolster the team's number in front of goal following an underwhelming campaign last term under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, respectively. And that is exactly what the former Porto frontman has helped achieve with United now among the most-feared teams around Europe. Rashford has been crucial to that, totally transforming his game and catapulting his statistics to new heights having struck 24 times in all competitions. McCarthy's excellent work has not gone unnoticed back home in South Africa, where he is considered to be a footballing icon. Orlando Pirates striker Ndumiso Mabena has revealed he is now drawing inspiration from McCarthy's work as the 35-year-old looks to finish his career in style. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light “He’s been my role model ever since I have been playing football,” Mabena said of his hero. “Seeing him coaching at Manchester United makes me proud. “Ever since he got there, Marcus Rashford has been scoring regularly. We have to learn from him. He has done well consistently.” Mabena is now back with Orlando Pirates after previously leaving the club in 2014 following a five-year spell with The Sea Robbers. Now he is looking to emulate the goalscoring fortunes of Rashford in the Soweto Derby this weekend against Kaizer Chiefs - the biggest match in South Africa. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light   Rashford has rifled home 10 goals in his last 10 Premier League games after returning from the World Cup in Qatar with England at the top of his game. While McCarthy has not solely been responsible for his drastic upturn in form, he does deserve credit for the impact he has had on the 25-year-old forward, who is now loving his football once again. Last season was the most difficult campaign of Rashford's career as he scored just four Premier League goals in 25 outings - his lowest-ever top-flight tally. McCarthy has been helping Rashford work on his movement and that was evident on Sunday when the red-hot attacker burst through on goal twice before finishing with aplomb against the Foxes. Ten Hag's talisman also came up trumps in the 2-2 Europa League draw with Barcelona last week as United dug deep to come from behind and lead at Camp Nou before Raphinha's equaliser. Only Erling Haaland (26) and Harry Kane (17) have scored more goals than Rashford in the top-flight this season. With Rashford and a whole host of his United team-mates at the top of their game, there is seemingly no limit on what the Red Devils can achieve this season. Ten Hag's side are the only English club still in all four competitions and there is still some slim hope they could yet join Arsenal and Manchester City in the Premier League title race.