Camilla, Queen Consort, wants Britain's "unsung heroes" to get the chance to attend one of the events marking King Charles's Coronation. A number of celebrations will take place across the country to mark the historic ceremony at Westminster Abbey on May 6 and Camilla has devised a plan to celebrate some of the country's top volunteers. In her role as president of the Royal Voluntary Service (RVS), the Queen Consort wants to identify 500 Britons who put others before themselves through their voluntary work. Those who are recognised as "Coronation Champions" will receive an award and commemorative pin. They will also be invited to one of the Coronation celebrations such as the planned concert at Windsor Castle or joining members of the Royal Family at one of the garden parties to be held at Buckingham Palace and Holyroodhouse. Camilla hopes that recognising the "Herculean" efforts of the Coronation Champions will inspire others to have a go at volunteering. Her Majesty The Queen Consort said: "I am delighted to be launching the Coronation Champions Awards with the Royal Voluntary Service, to shine a light on the herculean efforts of our nation’s volunteers. "Up and down the country, millions of unsung heroes are contributing to their local communities, giving generously of their time and their talents to enhance the lives of others. "If you know a volunteer who is making a difference, please be sure to share their story. We would love to hear about them!" READ ABOUT MEGHAN AND HARRY BEING A 'DOUBLE-EDGED SWORD' Royal author Robert Hardman, writing in MailOnline, said King Charles wants to celebrate "the backbone of the nation" during the Coronation. He said: "The new monarch wants to spread the Coronation celebrations over several days. The King and the Queen Consort also want to use the occasion to reflect the spotlight back on what they regard as the backbone of the nation – its volunteers." A long list of 600 will be compiled by a panel led by social policy expert Dr Eddy Hogg. It will then be whittled down to the final 500 who will be announced in April. DON'T MISS: King Charles to refuse Prince Harry’s one Coronation demand [REVEALED] Meghan Markle tipped to make millions with next big move [LATEST] Kate and William attend BAFTAs for first time in three years [REPORT] Coronation Champions do not have to be linked to a charity and they can volunteer across a range of activities. They have to be 14 or over and to have been involved in volunteering for the last five years. Spaces will also be made available for "Young Coronation Champions" who are under 18 with judges looking for impact and commitment in particular. Catherine Johnstone, Chief Executive of the RVS, said: "Royal Voluntary Service volunteers are amongst the millions of big-hearted people who are doing incredible work in their communities, every single day. Together with Her Majesty The Queen Consort we are honouring those remarkable volunteers from all backgrounds, from all over the UK, and from a range of causes, who have made a real difference in recent years." She added: "I know from experience that volunteers don’t do what they do for praise or glory, but I also know that they absolutely deserve it. The Coronation is the perfect time for us to come together and really show volunteers just how much we appreciate everything they do for our health and happiness. "Be sure to nominate your local heroes, as these awards are a wonderfully exciting opportunity for deserving volunteers to be commended and be part of history in the making." The Coronation Champions scheme has also won the backing of Dame Judi Dench, Elaine Paige and Nadiya Hussain. Dame Judi said: "The upcoming Coronation will be a joyous moment in our nation’s history. The Coronation Champions Awards are not only a fitting tribute to Their Majesties’ own public service, but they are also a superb opportunity to pause and show our appreciation for the people who are achieving marvellous things through volunteering." Elaine Paige added: "I’m so excited to be supporting the Coronation Champions Awards to celebrate inspiring volunteers." Nominations for the Coronation Champions will close on April 2. To nominate a volunteer visit royalvoluntaryservice.org.uk/coronation-champions-awards