The Swedish Royal Court has released a new picture of Princess Estelle to celebrate her 11th birthday today. The picture was taken at the Royal Palace in Stockholm. Princess Estelle is the eldest child of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden. Estelle will be the next Swedish Queen after Victoria takes the throne. In the photograph, Estelle looked gorgeous in a cream jumper with elbow-length sleeves which she paired with a Houndstooth skirt. The skirt was a Patachou “houndstooth tweed mini skirt”, which retails for £106. The tweed mini skirt is black and white, made of cotton and tweed and features a houndstooth pattern. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie has experienced a 'transformational fitness journey' Despite £106 being quite pricey for a child's mini skirt, it can also be bought for just £74 from Farfetch. Royal fans loved how the young royal looked for her new birthday portrait. Instagram user @swedish.royal said: "She is so beautiful!" In addition, @pia.scen added: "What a look! Wow!"  Royal watcher @enfotografsdrom commented: "Such huge girl power in this picture." Also, @somethingwicked_this_way_comes wrote: "How pretty." Twitter user @toriaa_h said: "Ah she looks like a teen nearly!" Another royal who loves a houndstooth pattern is Kate Middleton, 41. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex dons £735 dress - but fans claim shoes are 'tacky' Just recently on a royal tour to Boston, the Princess of Wales wore a fitted houndstooth dress by Emilia Wickstead. The dress created a polished, professional and elegant look for Kate.  The Princess also owns the Reiss Rubik coat in a houndstooth print, which she wore back in 2015. The Reiss Rubik Houndstooth coat is a “wrap” style coat with a large funnel collar. Reiss calls this a “high collar”. The black and white check coat retails for £365.  Back in October 2021, Kate wore a Houndstooth dress from Zara which triggered a 305 percent spike in searches for "houndstooth". Kate had previously worn this stunning number during a visit to Bradford in 2020. The dress originally retailed for £89.99 from Zara and is a midi-length dress with a monochrome houndstooth check print. The Princess's outfit was belted at the waist and decorated with a pussy-bow neckline.  