Just one new public charger was built for every 53 electric cars sold last year, putting the adoption of cleaner vehicles at risk. New data from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) shows that 368,617 plug-in cars were registered in Britain last year while just 6,949 standard chargers were installed. Last year was the worst for new charge point installations since 2020, with the speed of rollout slowing as the year went on. Only one charger was installed for every 62 new plug-in hybrid and battery-powered cars sold in the last three months of the year, SMMT said. The ratio of vehicles to charging stations is likely to fall further as sales of plug-in cars accelerate. The industry body expects battery-powered cars and hybrid plug-ins to reach one in four sales this year and almost one in three next year. READ MORE: Drivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes The Government are now being urged by major players, including the SMMT, to mandate charger installation targets. It is hoped this clear action would provide certainty for drivers who have, or are considering, switching to electric. Mike Hawes, Chief Executive of the SMMT, said: “The automotive industry is already delivering growth that bucks the national trend and is poised, with the right framework, to accelerate the decarbonisation of the UK economy. “The industry and market are in transition, but fragile due to a challenging economic outlook, rising living costs and consumer anxiety over new technology. DON'T MISSLittle-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% [WARNING]Petrol and diesel price checker could soon be introduced [IMPORTANT]UK 'needs to move rapidly' with rollout of electric car chargers [INSIGHT] “We look to a Budget that will reaffirm the commitment to net zero and provide measures that drive green growth for the sector and the nation.” The figures from the SMMT also revealed that the new car market recorded its sixth consecutive month of growth. In January 2023, registrations increased by 14.7 percent, with almost 132,000 new vehicles hitting the road. Plug-in vehicles continue growth, with EV registrations rising 19.8 percent to reach 17,294 units, with hybrid electric vehicles also seeing growth. READ MORE: Inside Cristiano Ronaldo's outrageous £17million car collection However, the industry is warning that if chargepoints arent installed at the required pace, consumers will be hesitant to switch, dramatically affecting net zero goals. The Government is set to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid vehicles being introduced five years later. Hugo Griffiths, Consumer Editor, at carwow said: “The real success story is electric cars, registrations of which rose by a fifth compared to January 2022, while fleet and business buyers are driving growth despite a slight drop in the number of private individuals purchasing new cars. “With EVs making up 13.1 percent of all new-car registrations, it’s clear that both drivers and the car industry are following Government advice as they switch to electric ahead of the ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars in just seven years. “What needs to happen now, though, is for policymakers to get serious about public recharging infrastructure and incentives for private chargers, with both anecdotal experiences and hard data painting a clear, unappetising picture: we don’t have enough chargers, and we urgently need more.” At the end of January 2023, there were 37,851 electric vehicle charging points across the UK, across 22,355 charging locations. This represents a 31 percent increase in the total number of charging devices since January 2022, according to Zap-Map data. Many experts are also calling on the Government to get rid of the “pavement tax” which sees EV drivers paying four times the rate of VAT (20 percent) to charge publicly than charging at home (five percent). Speaking in 2022, Quentin Wilson, founder of FairCharge, said: “This outdated VAT legislation is in need of immediate reform or else the Treasury risks hindering growth in EV adoption, investment in charging infrastructure and ultimately, the wider transition to cleaner air and energy security. “If the Chancellor isn’t concerned about the sheer unfairness of the policy, then surely he can at least see the economic case that it is undermining investment in the public charging network, which would otherwise be helping boost growth.”