Marcus Rashford has opened up on his emotions after he was dropped for being late earlier this season. The Manchester United striker claims Erik ten Hag dealt with the situation differently to any previous manager he has worked under. Rashford has been on fire for United since the World Cup. He had scored two in two before he was left out of the starting XI for the trip to Wolves on New Year's Eve. Ten Hag told reporters before the match his absence was due to disciplinary reasons. Rashford later came off the bench to score the winner with 14 minutes remaining and all was forgiven. The England star revealed afterwards that he was late for a team meeting. He has now gone into depth about how he felt "strange" after being axed by Ten Hag. READ MORE: Carragher accused of 'tapping up' Neves for Liverpool transfer on Sky  However, he admits the right decision was made and the standards at United should be that high. Rashford said: "For me, that's why I never made a thing out of it, because if I was a coach, I'd have done the same. "Because if you don't have standards in the training ground, how do you expect to go out on the pitch and win consistently? It's impossible. "If you're going to allow each other to slip or have an off day, and no one says anything about it, which is at times a position that we've been in, once you're in it it's difficult to get out of it because it becomes normal. "And I've not seen it at this club before. So for me, it was a little bit strange and it's even more strange when you're involved in it. DON'T MISSPotter's comments on Aubameyang clash with why Arteta wanted him goneFernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ and overlooks BrentfordMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route "However harsh that reminder is, it's a reminder. For me, it was not starting a game, but you have to accept it. "You have to move forward. We spoke about it afterwards a little bit, but for me, once he made that decision, it's his decision and you have to respect it." Rashford has scored 13 goals in 15 matches since the win at Molineux. He is looking to take that form into Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Newcastle, where United are aiming to end a six-year wait for major silverware. Rashford picked up a knock in Thursday's Europa League win over Barcelona at Old Trafford. Ten Hag is hopeful he will be fully fit for the weekend's trip to Wembley.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.