Rishi Sunak has brought in the military as half a million public sector workers bring the country to a halt with coordinated strikes today. Rail workers, teachers and civil servants such as Border Force staff are staging a day of mass action in protest about pay and conditions. Downing Street warned the public to brace for a “very difficult” day with “significant disruption” likely. Around 600 members of the armed forces are being brought in to plug the holes caused by the disputes. Most are expected to be used in place of Border Force officials at airports. The Prime Minister’s official spokesman said: “We know there will be significant disruption given the scale of the strike action and that it will be very difficult for the public. “This will disrupt people’s lives and that’s why we think negotiations rather than picket lines are the right approach.” More than 100,000 teachers are expected to go on strike in the first of seven days of action planned by the NEU in the next eight weeks. Overall, 23,000 schools will be hit with many closing while others remain ­partially open so they can ­prioritise vulnerable children. Around 300,000 teachers and support staff were asked to vote in the NEU ballot – and more than 127,000 teacher members in England and Wales backed strike action. Kevin Courtney, NEU joint general secretary, said: “I think it will be very likely that all the yes voters and all the new ­joiners will take action. “But some of the no-voters and some of the non-voters will take action as well.” Around 40,000 school staff have signed up in a fortnight so they can join the strike action, he added. The union boss said. “That’s a very big conscious decision to make, to join us at this moment. If I was the Government, I’d be worried.” The Department for Education has offered a five percent pay rise to most teachers for the current school year, but the NEU is demanding a fully funded above-inflation hike. Public opinion on striking workers varies significantly between ­professions. Most of the country back nurses – at 61 percent and ambulance workers at 58 percent. But driving examiners have the least support at around a quarter while rail workers attract 35 percent of the nation’s sympathy. Just 17 percent think the government is doing a good job negotiating with trade unions to prevent strikes, said the Ipsos poll. Teachers were backed by 44 percent while 35 percent were opposed to their walkouts. Train drivers from Aslef and RMT walkout today and Friday in a long dispute over pay and conditions. Key routes, such as the east and west coast mainlines, express trains to Heathrow and Gatwick and many commuter services will all be hit. A recent offer of a four percent pay rise for last year and another four percent this year was rejected. Transport Minister Richard Holden said “massive tax rises” or cuts to public services would be the price of giving striking public sector workers pay rises in line with inflation. He said: “Inflation-busting pay rises the country just can’t afford because we’d either have to slash public ­services or give massive tax rises to working families. And that would really hit the poorest hardest.” Civil servants who are members of the Public and Commercial Services union (PCS) will strike in another protracted dispute, over pay, jobs and conditions. As many as 100,000 workers in government departments, the Border Force, museums and other government agencies will walk out. The PCS is seeking a pay rise of ten percent after the government paid two percent, which the union complained was well below the soaring rate of inflation. Phil Douglas, director-general of Border Force, said there will be queues at airports today. He added: “It’s everybody out. All PCS ­members are full out on strike. But we’ve been planning for this for weeks and months. “Of course, there’s going to be some disruption and some queues. I don’t rule out further industrial action. The union has a mandate until May.” A CBI spokesman said: “These strikes affect other businesses, ­workers, consumers and the wider public, so resolving them must be a priority. The impact on the economy is particularly difficult to  manage when they are already facing severe labour shortages.” Schools Minister Nick Gibb told the Express: “Missing days of school is hugely damaging to children’s education and wellbeing, particularly after the pandemic when have been working hard to support education recovery and making sure all children are back on track. “While we expect the majority of schools to be open in some capacity, it is disappointing that the NEU has decided to go ahead and use strikes when we are still discussing pay and other issues that affect teachers. “Strikes are meant to be a last resort but that is clearly not the case here when talks are ongoing, even yesterday the Education Secretary and I held constructive discussions with the unions. “We are working on a range of issues which includes pay, workload, flexible working, behaviour and much more. “Going on strike now is not the way to engage with the government in a modern economy, particularly when it means disrupting children’s education and the lives of working families. “For those parents with concerns, we've issued guidance to school leaders stating that they should do everything they can to remain open for as many children as possible. If they need to consider restricting attendance we’ve asked them to prioritise those who are most vulnerable, children of critical workers and those children who are sitting important exams this year. “I want to extend my gratitude to the thousands of teachers who are not walking out tomorrow and are supporting school leaders in keeping schools open and allowing children to still have access to learning.” 