Colouring your hair can take years off your face, according to Milk + Blush’s Nicole Petty. The hair expert spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what brunettes and redheads can do to look more "youthful" today. Nicole began: "While ageing is inevitable, there are things we can do to assist us to stay looking youthful. "And just how wearing the wrong clothes or not looking after your skin can age you, so can the wrong hair colour." Natural redheads you are in luck, as according to Nicole, this trendy hair colour is an instant anti-ager. Nicole told Express.co.uk that foxy locks create a "rich tone for vibrant skin", whether your red colour is au natural or was administered in a salon. READ MORE: Hair expert shares the 'ultimate anti-ager' - 'key to looking younger'  She stated: "Not only is red a popular hair trend for 2023, it is also great for anti-ageing for brunettes and redheads." For the ultimate red haired look, Nicole recommended adding some texture and dimension through different tones. Red hair is undoubtedly sexy, striking and head-turning, but if done right also has the effect of "making tired skin look radiant as it reflects the light". For this effect, opt for "rich red highlights in auburn or copper to enhance warm hair colours". Non-believers in the power of the red mane take note - "according to research, people with red hair appear younger than any other hair colour". Brown hair is much more common than red, so Nicole offered some tips that could help the masses look younger in no time. Balayage is a great way to add dimension through the hair without damaging the roots - result! It’s a hair colouring technique that promises a natural look and natural, multi-tone finish. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged'  Balayage is less uniform than traditional highlights, as the colour is painted on free-hand. It’s a great option for those who have never coloured their hair and are nervous to take the plunge. Nicole advised: "For natural-born brunettes, it’s better to go for a more subtle balayage style from the mid-lengths to the ends. "Going too dark will make your hair appear matte, emphasise split ends and draw attention to any fine lines. "Ask your stylist to add light-reflecting tones to naturally darker hair, such as mocha, chocolate, caramel, mahogany, gold or copper, to lift your locks and create a multi-dimensional anti-ageing effect." It’s important to note that balayage is bespoke and must cater to the individual, as skin and eye colour will both factor in. Nicole concluded: "And remember, add additional hair colours with skin tone in mind. Warm skin tones tend to look better with cool-toned hair colours and vice versa to balance the complexion." Nicole Petty is a hair expert from hair extensions brand Milk + Blush.