Clarkson's Farm series 2 has broken record figures to become Prime Video's most-watched original show in the UK. The ratings come despite the huge backlash Jeremy Clarkson's column about Meghan Markle sparked. In light of the backlash, Amazon reportedly decided to part ways with Jeremy from 2024, but the current farming series has gone on to attract its biggest ever ratings in spite of the controversy. In an article published in The Sun, the broadcaster declared he "hated" the Duchess of Sussex and that he dreams of her being "paraded through the streets naked". The column sparked more than 25,100 Ipso complaints and a huge public outrage. Clarkson later apologised, acknowledging his remarks were "disgraceful". Despite the scandal, fans of Clarkson's Farm were pleased to learn series two would be going ahead as planned. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Furthermore, it has gone on to break records since launching earlier in the month. Deadline has reported that the series was watched by nearly 4.3 million. The figures surpass those of The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power, which was made available on the service in September, reaching 3.2 million viewers. According to the publication, Clarkson's Farm has also ranked 16th in a list of most-watched shows in the UK from the week of February 12. Work for series three of the show is also well underway, with filming beginning back in October. This means fans have more episodes of the agricultural series to look forward to. The docu-series follows the opinionated personality as he adapts to running Diddly Squat Farm. So far, there has been no talk of a possible release date for season three. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star urges Alan Sugar to make change [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale couple ripped apart over Leyla Harding's huge mistake [SPOILER]Sort Your Life Out viewers 'in bits' over grieving family [REACTION] It is likely that Clarkson's Farm could return in 2024, so there may still be a wait for fans. The series might spell the end of the Amazon Prime Video show because the platform reportedly cut ties with Clarkson following the column. This would also mean Clarkson's The Grand Tour would be coming to an end as well. As he issued an apology on his Instagram page, the journalist revealed he'd sent an apology to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. In response, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex claimed Clarkson emailed only Prince Harry. They also questioned his "long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny". However, fans were eager to tune into his series for more updates on his farming venture. Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.