Labour's lead over the Tories has risen to 22 percent in the latest weekly tracker poll for Express.co.uk after a week where Rishi Sunak was faced with a massive rebellion over his attempted Brexit deal with the EU over Northern Ireland. The survey by Techne UK of 1,633 voters put Labour on 49 percent (up one) while the Conservatives remained stuck on 27 percent. Polling expert Michael Morizzo, chief executive of Techne UK, believed that the boost for Labour may have also come from Starmer making two significant speeches this week. On Tuesday he spoke to the National Farmer Union in what was seen as an overt move on the Tory blue wall safe seats promising that half of the public sector-bought food would be British. And yesterday he unveiled his five missions as the basis of his platform policy for the country. Ms Morizzo said: "The bad news continues for Rishi Sunak and his Conservative Party. "Against a backdrop of ongoing and broad-ranging problems for the Government, the Labour Party lead over the Conservatives grows by one point this week in national vote share - from 48 percent to 49 percent - an increased lead over the Conservatives who remain at 27 percent. "This translates to a significant 22 points lead for Labour. It is noticeable that Sir Keir Starmer and his party are more active now in explaining their proposed policy agenda for Government and the small increase in their support as they announce these new policies does overall bode well for the Labour Party." But the poll was also taken as Mr Sunak was rowing back on his proposed deal with the EU over Northern Ireland. He had been faced with a major Tory rebellion of around 100 MPs led by the powerful European Research Group (ERG) of Brexiteers. Added to that Boris Johnson, who many belief is trying to make a comeback as Prime Minister, made it clear he would not support a compromise urging Mr Sunak to pass legislation which would solve the problem instead. Liz Truss, who was removed as Prime Minister after just 49 days by Mr Sunak's supporters, also weighed in supporting Mr Johnson's line. Added to that Home Secretary Suela Braverman had been understood to be considering resigning along with other ministers. READ MORE: Boris doubles down on Brexit row telling Sunak to stick with NI Bill  The poll also put the Lib Dems on 8 percent with the Greens and Reform UK both on 5 percent. Meanwhile, it seemed to confirm that SNP support has dropped since Nicola Sturgeon decided to quit by almost a quarter from 4 percent to three percent. If the poll was to be the result of an election the Tories would be facing a near wipeout and be left with a mere 81 seats while Starmer's Labour would have a 314 majority according to Electoral Calculus. It would be the worst result in the history of the Conservative Party and the poll comes despite Starmer giving a car crash interview about his policy agenda. Can Rishi Sunak gain enough support to win the next election? Join the debate in the comments section below The damage caused by the Brexit row seems to be underlined by the findings that 28 percent of 2016 Leave voters would now back Labour despite concerns they would try to reintergate the UK back into the EU. About a quarter of Conservative voters from 2019 would also now back Labour in a number which has stubbornly refused to shift since Boris Johnson was deposed before the summer. Labour still leads in every age and socio economic category and accounts for more than half of all voter intentions for people aged under 45. Meanwhile, 60 percent say they are not confident in the current government.