It was electric inside Crypto.com Arena on Tuesday night as LeBron James broke Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s record to become the leading all-time NBA points scorer. The benches erupted, and fans were ecstatic, although Los Angeles Lakers team-mate Anthony Davis showed no emotion. It was certainly James' night in the NBA, and one that will live long in the history books of the sport. But while most of the Lakers and even opposition team Oklahoma City Thunder gave James their support, Davis was spotted looking extremely disinterested. James and the whole of the NBA knew heading into Tuesday night that 36 points were required from the 38-year-old to break the record, and he did so inside three quarters. Davis was on the bench at the time, watching on from one of the best seats in the house as James fired the record. It looked like he couldn't care less, leading fans to believe that the pair aren't close, and that Davis doesn't want to be there. Whatever your stance on James, you can't deny his brilliance or argue with the fact he is now the leading points scorer. A 38-point haul on the night moved him to 38,388 career points, and he is looking to close in on the 40,000 point mark. Davis only managed 13 points on the night, as the Lakers lost 133-130 to the Thunder, and a video has surfaced online of the NBA star looking irritated as James enjoyed him iconic moment. Davis has been linked with a trade ahead of Thursday's deadline, and fans are speculating that his head may be elsewhere. "It’s like he got the 'you’ve been traded' text during the game," one puzzled fan said. "AD like a little kid when it’s his big bro’s birthday but he wanted to blow the candles out," another joked. "This is what 3 years of playing with LeBron will do, he knows he’s better and forced to the back because of this chase," one fan speculated. However, one supporter suggested that it was just Davis' way of soaking up the moment, as everyone reacts differently. "I like to think he’s just taking the moment in. The eruption of the crowd, the reaction of his teammates, the rush of people onto the court… all of that. Observing the moment rather than being a part of it. "I mean, I’m probably wrong, but hey." It's unlikely that Davis will move before the deadline - although teams have been checking his availability - and the fact that the Lakers were still losing at the time may also have played a part in his initial reaction.