Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp thinks his team only suffered a 2-0 loss to Wolves on Saturday after claiming the third goal “didn’t count.” The Reds were in dismal form once again and suffered their seventh Premier League defeat of the season as the Black Country side netted three unanswered goals at Molineux Stadium. Liverpool fell behind after just five minutes as Joel Matip inadvertently deflected Hwang Hee-chan's cross into his own net. And the Reds’ woes were made worse just seven minutes later as Craig Dawson drove the ball into the net from close range to double the hosts’ advantage. Liverpool were second best throughout the encounter and were unable to find a way through a tenacious Wolves defence during another miserable afternoon of football from Klopp’s side. And Wolves completed the rout with just under 20 minutes remaining as Ruben Neves finished off a counter-attack following a long spell of defending at the other end of the pitch. “The third goal I don't count because it was the first time they passed the halfway line in the second half,” Klopp told Match of the Day after the encounter. “The other two goals, going into a game with all the things we said during the week and before the game then this is the start is horrible.” DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton    Klopp’s bizarre comments were picked up by the Wolves social media team, who proceeded to post a graphic to the club’s Twitter page showing the final score as 2-0 with Neves’ third goal crossed out. And the cracks appear to be showing, with Klopp refusing to answer a question from one reporter in his post-match press conference. The result means Liverpool are now 21 points behind leaders Arsenal in the Premier League table and 11 points adrift of fourth-place Newcastle. And after the game, Klopp said: “Very frustrating, very disappointing. The start into the game was horrible, absolutely horrible - it was the opposite of what we wanted to do. The first 12 minutes, 2-0 down, is absolutely never helpful, but especially in our situation. It is absolutely not allowed to happen. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed   “It's really difficult to summarise. The team is not full of confidence, you can see that - the first 12 minutes were obvious, but it was about defending, being compact, being active. Do you need a lot of confidence for that? I am not so sure. Put your body between the ball and the opponent, block the ball and these kind of things - avoid the cross. “I don’t think they are [at their] best in the moment and do I like that? No. But I still know how good they are and how good they can be. But football, and life, is not like this. We work every day and it's not because of him, him, him. So, these things happen because we cannot help ourselves in these moments.” 