1000lb Sisters returned to TLC with an all-new episode of the hit reality show, however, this time Tammy Slaton's weight loss journey reached a halt after she received bad news from home. The 36-year-old was sent in a downward spiral after her sister, Amy revealed their dog Little Bit had died, this also sent shockwaves to viewers who sent the family their condolences. During episode four, Amy spoke about the devastating death of the family’s chihuahua, Little Bit. Although the pooch passed away in April 2022, this was the first time the death was being addressed on screens. The 35-year-old revealed she had picked up the dog from ‘Granny’s house’, but when Little Bit got into the car, she fell over and stopped breathing. Amy’s husband Michael Halterman sadly failed to wake up the dog. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital Speaking about the beloved pet, Amy shared: “Little Bit was literally my daughter. She might not have been human, but she was my daughter.” As she reflected on the dog’s life, Amy recalled the moment Little Bit walked her down the aisle at her wedding and when she ate a whole piece of lasagna. Little Bit had been in their lives since 2000 and regularly appeared on screens alongside the sisters. Fans were heartbroken to learn of the Chihuahua's death and took to Twitter to share with support for the family.  @ZachGilyard tweeted: “Little Bit died?! I’m devastated.” An emotional @BroGod4Life added: “Got to show some love and have good memories of Little Bit after 22 years old it's sad she had to go it's not going to be easy to replace a dog like Little Bit.” A devastated @cherylthom04 shared: “So sad about Little Bit!” @LindsayMLogan wrote: “I honestly cannot believe Little Bit died… RIP.” DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters fans fume over Tammy’s ‘unacceptable’ behaviour [REACTION]1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan ‘doesn’t blame’ Dr Proctor for fiery row [INSIGHT]  An emotional @Jaded_Chinx revealed: “Hearing about Little Bit passing away has tears in my eyes.” A sixth fan @BillingsOctavia added: “Little Bit memorial is so sad!! Little Bit will be missed!” As Tammy was in rehab she wasn’t able to physically attend the memorial service, but she was there through a video call. Later in the episode, Amy broke the heartwrenching news to Tammy, who told cameras: “My heart stopped for her.”   Little Bit’s death was originally announced in April when Amy took to Instagram with a tribute post of the dog, captioned: “Rip little bit. I love you so much 2000-2022.” At the time, she revealed the pet died four days after being diagnosed with lung cancer and was kept ‘comfortable’ with medication. Amy shared: “We took her to the vet five days ago for what we thought was allergies. "He [the vet] did an X-ray and blood work to find out she had bad lung cancer. We kept her on meds and comfortable.”  1000lb Sisters continues Tuesdays on TLC 