Jedward have been vocal in recent months after the twins previously called for the monarchy to be abolished just days after Charles became king following Queen Elizabeth II's death. The singing duo, who found fame on X Factor, have since taken aim at the King's upcoming Coronation. Royal officials planning for the ceremony are said to have raised concerns amid claims several musical celebrities have snubbed invitations to perform at King Charles's Coronation celebrations. Elton John, the Spice Girls, and Harry Styles are among the A-list celebrities who have already snubbed the chance to perform at His Majesty’s big Windsor Castle concert on May 6. Other British celebrities who are said to have turned down the chance to perform at the concert also include Adele and Robbie Williams. Ed Sheeran was among the celebrities reportedly due to appear but his representatives previously confirmed to Express.co.uk that the Shape of You singer was never approached to take part in the King's Coronation. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes pushed by son as he's forced to use wheelchair Jedward took to Twitter on February 26 and mocked the royals as they claimed they too turned down an invitation to appear at the concert. In view of his 663,000 followers, he penned: "Respect to all the Music Artists who have declined to perform for King Charles III’s coronation." In a follow-up tweet, they wrote: "We’ve obviously declined to perform at the coronation of Charles SpongeBob for many reasons." The singing duo's message caused a stir online as social media users reacted to their post with some people taking issue with the pair's comments.  Mike tweeted: "Said a lot of people who were not asked!" Nicto commented: "You wish you were asked." Barry quipped: "£100 says if they’d asked you two, you’d have done it in a heartbeat." Beverley quizzed: "Jealous much there, boys?! " But others agreed with Jedward, as Joanne wrote: "Respect to Jedward for acknowledging there are decent UK artists who don't just do it for the coin." Juliet commented: "It’s such a waste of money when people are struggling to heat their homes and feed their families." Kat added: "The only kings are Jedward." Take That’s Gary Barlow, Mark Owen, and Howard Donald are due to headline the concert. It is also expected to feature Kylie and Dannii Minogue, Andrew Lloyd Webber, and US soul legend Lionel Richie. One royal source told The Sun: "Organisers are working against the clock to pull together an exciting line-up but have hit a series of challenges. “Elton John was top of Charles’ list but due to his European tour, which sees him performing in Germany the Friday before and then again soon after the Windsor concert, he isn’t able to make the dash to the UK work. “Meanwhile, man-of-the-moment Harry Styles is also tied up with touring and unable to get key band members together as they’ll be on much-needed downtime.” The concert will take place following the Coronation ceremony at Westminister Abbey earlier in the day.