Set in West Yorkshire’s criminal underworld, Better is a thriller about an unlikely friendship that spans almost 20 years between DI Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad) and powerful crime boss Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan). The time has almost come for the BBC drama to begin with viewers intrigued to see how their unlikely friendship will play out. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching Better. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better. Better will premiere on Monday, February 13, at 9pm on BBC One. The new thriller consists of five episodes in total with an instalment coming out every Monday night in the same time slot. As long as there are no changes to the schedule, the final episode of Better is going to come out on Monday, March 13. If you're not keen on waiting that long to find out how it ends, then there is another way. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star The entire box set of Better is going to be available on the channel's streaming service BBC iPlayer. Episode one is going to air on BBC One before the series is dropped in full on the streamer. So after the first outing, fans will be able to binge-watch all five episodes whenever they want. And going by the show's premise, it doesn't sound like it's going to be one to miss. Lou and Col first crossed paths when her career was at an all-time low and he was just starting out in the world of crime. It was during this initial meeting they came to an agreement where she would help him become rich and powerful through her access to intel and he would boost her up the ranks with his tip-offs. Almost two decades later and both their lives have changed completely thanks to the other and remain good friends, grateful for the other's help. However, everything changes for Lou when her family is brought to the brink of tragedy and she realises she wants to seek redemption for the bad things she has done. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [REACTION]Better creators hit back at 'pressure' over Happy Valley comparison [EXPLAINER]Call the Midwife's future confirmed with two more seasons [UPDATE] But in order for her to get this good karma, Lou will need to take down Col, her oldest and most helpful ally. Describing the show, co-creator Sam Vincent said: "It is about good and bad. It is the exploration of a bad person trying to become good and how difficult that is. "And if that's even possible, really, and what good and bad means, how people feel about themselves in different ways. "We've come at the theme of morality from every way we possibly can in this world. "Better is absolutely not a police procedural, certainly not a whodunit, because the person who 'done it' is the hero. "They are in one person and that's very clear from the first moment. It really is about exploring who she is, why she did these things and how she's going to turn back if she can." Portraying Lou in Better is actress Leila Farzad who is probably best known for playing Naomi Jones in I Hate Suzie with Billie Piper. She has also been in The Fear Index, Kaos and Avenue 5, just to name a few. Farzad will star opposite actor Andrew Buchan as Col in the drama, who has been in The Crown, Broadchurch, This England, Garrow's Law and The Fixer. Better starts on Monday, February 13, at 9pm on BBC One.