Mason Greenwood has ‘begrudgingly’ accepted Manchester United’s investigation as his footballing future hangs in the balance, according to reports. The England international recently had charges dropped against him, having been arrested in January last year. Right now, however, there’s no clarity over whether he’ll step foot onto a football pitch again. Manchester United previously considered Greenwood to be one of their brightest prospects for the future. But everything changed when he was arrested in January last year, with the player then later charged by the authorities. During the week, however, Greenwood had all allegations against him dropped - meaning he’s technically free to play football again. United proceeded to release a statement confirming they were conducting their own investigation, with the 21-year-old staying away from the club. And The Sun say Greenwood has ‘begrudgingly’ accepted this, with the United striker far from happy. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford It’s said he previously believed he would never play for the club again, with a source saying: “At the time he was adamant he didn’t want to put on the red shirt again.” And they also added: “His view may have softened over the last few months, but he was not happy at all.” Other insiders are said to believe Greenwood would ‘struggle emotionally’ with abuse from opposition fans in England. In the short time since it emerged Greenwood was free to play, conflicting reports over his future have emerged. Some United staff are said to be willing to welcome the forward back into the fold, believing the club have a ‘duty of care’. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Others, however, think it would be best if Greenwood didn’t return to the fold having not played or trained for over a year. Reports on Saturday night surfaced claiming players themselves believed the club didn’t need the distraction of Greenwood coming back. The club are flying at present, continuing their impressive form with a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday night. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. After the charges were dropped against Greenwood, United released a statement that read: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. “We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” And Erik ten Hag wants his United players to focus on football at a time when Greenwood is dominating the headlines. "We have always to focus on the game, no matter what," said Ten Hag. When asked if he had anything to say on Greenwood, he said: "No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club." He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit."