Alexandra Ocasio Cortez is the U.S. representative for New York's 14th congressional district and has been since 2019. This covers the eastern part of The Bronx and north-central Queens. The politician, often referred to as AOC, is a true New York local and has lived in a number of neighborhoods in and around the city. The politician was born in the Bronx and grew up in an apartment in the Parkchester building until she was five. The one-bedroom Bronx flat was owned by her late father and she was photographed in the small property by Annie Leibovitz for Vogue magazine. Parkchester is a planned community, and the surrounding area also takes its name from it. The area is known for also being home to Claudette Colvin, a pioneer of the 1950s civil rights movement who was arrested fighting against racial segregation at age 15, and filmmaker George A. Romero who created Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Day, among others. He has been called the "Father of the Zombie Film". Parkchester has also been featured in the film Doubt, starring Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman. According to Redfin the average sale price of a home in Parkchester was $200K last month. In the Parkchester building itself, monthly rent for one-bedroom flats starts at $1,585. Monthly rent for two bedrooms starts at $1,835. According to the Parkchester website apartments in the building boast granite countertops, stainless steel, and parquet floors. The living spaces feature high-speed internet and the bathrooms have all chrome accessories. But the politician no longer lives in the property. READ MORE: Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home & prices average $1.42M The website reads: "From the moment you enter, comfort and convenience are the hallmarks of every studio, 1, 2, and 3 bedroom Parkchester home. Each NO FEE rental apartment has a spacious foyer, ample closets, and spacious sunny living rooms and bedrooms. "The elegant, windowed kitchens in our Prestige and Contemporary Collection feature new appliances, stainless steel accents, and granite countertops. Every bathroom in the Prestige Collection is completely updated with a Carrara marble shower surround and stainless steel fixtures."   AOC lived in the property until she was five when the family moved to Yorktown Heights, New York. The median property price in the area was $563.5K in December 2022. After living here, the fledgling politician moved to Boston where she attended university. In 2019 it was reported that AOC was renting a newly built high-rise in the Washington Navy Yard area, where the median sale price is $583,750. The area is in DC's Ward 6. DON'T MISSHome where Lisa Marie Presley spent her final years [PROPERTY] Nicola Sturgeon shamed for cosying up to US radical AOC [BACKLASH] 'New AOC!’ Farage predicts Meghan’s political career [POLITICS] It was reported that the owners of the luxury complex do not offer any affordable units under Washington, D.C.’s Affordable Dwelling Units program. The property offers "luxury apartment living" with over 100,000 square feet of amenities for its residents. This includes two massage rooms with a hydrotherapy bed, saunas, a pizza oven, a 25-meter pool, a rooftop infinity pool, and a Peloton cycling studio. Rent in the building starts at $1,840 per month for a 440-square-foot studio and spans up to $5,200 for a three-bedroom. In April 2019 the politician Instagrammed from this flat, which at the time had a mattress on the floor and a mattering of Ikea furniture. She told followers she was living “like a completely depraved lifestyle”. She went on: "I got sworn in January 3 and today is April something and I still don’t own a chair. Until today, when I got a folding chair delivered to my apartment."