The sixth episode of The Last of Us has proven that not even one of the best video game adaptations of all time is spared from the criticism of HBO’s eagle-eyed viewers. In the latest episode, Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) travel across an icy wasteland to find his brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna), but some fans couldn’t help spotting some glaring appearances by the show’s crew. HBO viewers have called for edits to be made to the series after members of the crew made it into some key shots. For much of the sixth episode, Joel and Bella are alone in the wild as they traverse snow-covered plains and an icy river. Unfortunately, the illusion was broken for some fans when the production team was spotted during an aerial shot. One viewer took the time to reply to co-creator Neil Druckmann to ask if the episode could be fixed and re-uploaded to HBO Max. READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence “Brilliant episode,” @stjguitarist said. “Something you might want to fix and reupload though. You can see the film crew in this shot.” This mistake was clearly noticeable for many fans, as several more attentive viewers took to social media to point it out. Also on Twitter, @clipZgod wrote: “I don’t like to be that guy but the crew is in the corner in this week's episode of TLOU And @thecappedcast said: “Reddit user caught the crew of #thelastofus in this week's episode! How soon till they're pained out?” Other fans have also pointed out the crew’s snow tracks, which can be clearly seen during the wide shot. To make matters worse, this wasn’t the only production blunder spotted in the very same episode. After a run-in with an armed posse, Joel and Ellie are eventually deemed safe and taken to meet Tommy in a small, thriving community in Jackson, Wyoming. Once they get settled, Ellie gets some advice from Tommy’s wife Maria (Rutina Wesley) and meets some of the commune’s horses, including the one she eventually rides out, named Shimmer. DON'T MISS:Virgin River’s Martin Henderson spotted in adorable first role [INSIGHT]1000lb Best Friends’ Vannessa celebrates milestone after 200lb loss [LATEST]FBI Most Wanted teases Remy’s death in season 4 promo [VIDEO] However, some viewers were baffled by the scene when they spotted a hand poking up from behind the stable doors. Redditor u/Astronomy_Star posted: “A hidden hand can be seen in the Shimmer scene. Maybe they forgot to edit it out.” The hand presumably belongs to a member of the crew who is holding up the horse’s head to ensure it stays in line for Ramsey to interact with. u/Ok-Gift-808 replied: “Seems like the editors on this episode were sleeping.” And u/DesperateRace4870 commented: “Good catch. I'm sure they'll be fixed quickly. I wouldn't be surprised if they have someone watching this subreddit…” The Last of Us is still pulling in millions of eager viewers each week, though, hopefully, the team have paid closer attention to editing the final three episodes. The Last of Us season 1 continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Go and NOW in the UK.