With reports circulating that Lionel Messi and Neymar could leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season, Sergio Ramos has provided manager Christophe Galtier with advice to keep both players happy and avoid the sack. The Ligue 1 outfit are currently five points clear at the top of the table, though their performances continue to lack cohesion. Ramos joined at the start of the season in hope of helping the club finally achieve their long-term target of winning the Champions League. The Spain international has made 20 appearances for the club so far this season, looking likely to enjoy a success-filled campaign. PSG take on Bayern Munich in the Champions League Round of 16 on Tuesday night, and pressure around the fixture is mounting – particularly because it may be their final season with Messi and Neymar leading the line for them. According to Foot Mercato, both players could move on over the summer, with the club growing tired of the latter’s behaviour. Galtier’s position is also not thought to be safe, though Ramos has shed a light on how he feels the former Nice boss could improve. Speaking to UEFA, the former Real Madrid star said: “The management of a group is very important, beyond the game philosophy of a coach. “For me, the most important thing is not to lie to the players. The group senses whether the coach is with the players or not. You have to know how to manage all of this. Keep your office door open at all times. It is as important as technical or tactical knowledge, the history of football shows it, it is these profiles of coaches who win. “They know how to unite a group. He was natural and humble when he came to the locker room. He's a coach who doesn't lie, who says things up front and for me, that's very important. He also knows how to manage very well.” Messi’s contract with PSG expires at the end of the season, with speculation brewing that the Argentina international may opt to leave the club despite positive renewal talks. Inter Miami and Saudi Arabian outfits are keeping tabs on his situation, though the playmaker’s World Cup campaign confirmed that he is very capable of competing at the very top level still. It remains to be seen whether PSG achieving significant success could prevent Messi’s head from turning, whilst also mending the relationship between Mbappe and Neymar. If not, the French side could be unrecognisable at the start of next season.