Kate Harris has had Premium Bonds on and off over a three-year period. She won £1,050 in the February draw, the most she had ever won in a single draw. She checks if she has won at the start of each month using the prize checker app and says she was “speechless” to see one of her Bonds had won £1,000, while another had won £50. Each Bond has an equal chance of winning a prize in the monthly draw, with two £1million jackpots among the winnings. Ms Harris has won more than 10 times in total and says she enjoys the thrill of checking if she has won anything each month, rather than the predictable return of an interest rate on a conventional savings account. She told Express.co.uk why she first chose to invest in Premium Bonds, saying: “While there were low interest rates, it offered me the best opportunity for a decent return on my money. READ MORE: Warning to lock in fixed rate mortgage as interest rates likely to continue to rise “The reason it was on and off was that as we came up to Covid, I had to use all of my savings. “I own a travel business and during Covid, life was very, very hard. Any savings that I’d got, I used, so there was a period of time when I didn’t have any and now I have some savings again.” She decided to reinvest her winnings this month in more Bonds, increasing her chances of winning again. However, Ms Harris is going away for her birthday next week with her partner, so she may be splashing out on that. DON'T MISS: Lloyds Bank customers can get 5.25% interest rate with limited account [INSIGHT]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED] A person has to buy at least £25 worth of Bonds from NS&I with each of the £1 Bonds having a chance of winning a prize. Aside from the £1million top prize, other big cash prizes include £100,000, £50,000 and £25,000. Ms Harris said there is a false popular myth that newer Bonds have a better chance of winning than older ones. She explained: “It’s definitely a myth that your newer Bonds or your older Bonds perform better. READ MORE: ‘Too quick!’: MP urges DWP to give 10 years’ notice of changes to state pension age policy  “When you win, you are able to check which Bonds have won for you, whether they were your oldest or your newest. “There are a lot of people that believe that your older Bonds don’t perform as well, but I’ve had a mixture of newer and older ones. “However, when I’ve cashed them in, I do always cash in the older Bonds rather than the newer ones.” She spoke about the other advantage of Premium Bonds, saying: “I like that I have instant access and I’m not penalised for that. It takes three days to liquidate any of your Premium Bonds. “I like checking on the day [of the prize draw]. If you just have money invested in the bank and you just get your interest each month or every six months, you don’t feel like you’ve won a prize. You just feel like it’s money that’s owed to you.” Asked what she would do if she won the £1million jackpot, she said she would go away for a while but would soon return to run her travel business, which she hugely enjoys. NS&I increased the prize fund rate on Premium Bonds from three percent to 3.15 percent for the February draw, with many new prizes added to the pot. However, savers should note there is no guarantee they will win a prize in the monthly draw so some individuals may prefer the more reliable return of a savings account with an interest rate.