Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag admits it wasn't nice for Alejandro Garnacho to be subbed off shortly after coming on in the victory over Crystal Palace. The young winger was sacrificed following Casemiro's red card at Old Trafford. United seemed to be cruising towards another victory. Goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford put the hosts 2-0 up on the hour mark. Garnacho replaced Wout Weghorst shortly before Rashford had doubled the lead. Casemiro was sent off just 10 minutes later for appearing to grab Palace midfielder Will Hughes around the neck. Palace quickly pulled a goal back through Jeff Schlupp to create a nervy ending for Ten Hag's side. The Dutchman decided to take off Garnacho in the closing stages and brought on Victor Lindelof to shore up at the back. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emerge  Ten Hag knows it wasn't pleasant for Garnacho but says it is a decision he must accept. The United boss said: "First we had to see how they changed, then you have to anticipate and see how we can close, how to be compact, how we close the gaps, how we get away from our goal but also still have a threat in attack. "I think we had to change something. It’s not always nice bringing off a player who we brought on but it’s in the interests of the team and the player has to accept that." Casemiro will now miss United's next three domestic matches, two of which are against Leeds, as well as a visit from Leicester. Ten Hag discussed the incident after the game and claimed a Palace player behaved worse than the Brazilian. He added: "Of course, you have to control your emotions, but it’s really difficult in such moments. I saw two teams fighting each other, I saw two teams where several players crossed the line and one player is picked out and sent off. DON'T MISSWorld's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combinedChelsea boss Graham Potter responds to Klopp and Guardiola after transfer rantsJorginho could be pushed towards Arsenal exit doors already due to four players  "For me that’s not right. The player from Crystal Palace [Schlupp] takes a big risk by this foul, [Anthony] could’ve got badly injured by pushing him across the line. "Then everyone reacted, Crystal Palace players and Man United players, not only Casemiro. There was one of the players who did even worse than Casemiro. "With Casemiro you freeze the moment, he crossed the line, but yeah, Ayew definitely [should have been sent off]. You have to be consistent with VAR. Last week we lost Christian Eriksen by a bad foul, no interfering by VAR."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here