Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield suggested Meghan Markle will become a mommy blogger. The move would see the Duchess of Sussex revive her old business, the blog The Tig, this time focusing on her children. The expert suggested the Duchess of Sussex will revamp her former fashion and lifestyle blog, The Tig, in the style of a mommy blog. Schofield suggested the new Tig would give Meghan a platform to expand her brand, much like Goop did for Gwyneth Paltrow. Such a move could make the former actor huge sums of money, as business for mommy bloggers and celebrity lifestyle brands is booming. And, in fact, Meghan already made large sums of money from her blog before she shut down the site after she met Prince Harry. Business Insider reported The Tig - named after Meghan's favourite wine Tignallo - was making $80,000 annually from sponsorships and endorsements. In its new form, given Meghan's fame, it could make much more. Kinsey Schofield said: "Tig 2.0 will likely feature mommy content (...) If Meghan can build a mommy brand, then surely she could expand in that arena and find more opportunities there elsewhere." READ MORE: Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home & prices average $1.42M The To Di For Daily host claimed the Duchess would feature her children on the platform. She said: "I would anticipate lists of Archie and Lili’s favourite books, go-to snacks, DIY projects. Candid entries about how she manages her time or stress, a five-minute makeup routine for moms on the go; mini-meditations for busy moms, travel, interior design, interviews, those types of posts." She went on: "Harry and Meghan have told us repeatedly through multiple projects that Meghan gave up everything for Harry. "Perhaps this is Meghan trying to reclaim her identity, telling the world that she is more than Harry’s plus 1." Mommy blogging is a profitable industry, with parents sharing their insights. Money is made through recommendations for products to buy, from which bloggers make commissions or brand deals in which they agree to advertise for a brand. DON'T MISSKing to postpone Sussex peace attempts - 'world doesn't revolve around' them [ROYAL] Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says TV presenter [VIDEO] Meghan and Harry would turn coronation into 'Kardashian-style affair' [COMMENT]  It brand claimed Stacey Solomon is the best-paid mommy blogger, making estimated annual earnings of £637,973.69 ($764,460.91). It suggested the singer-turned-TV star, with five million followers, could make earnings of £12,268.73 ($14,701.18) Next up was Mrs. Hinch, a cleaning a mommy blogger who could earn up to £10,596.62 per post and a huge £551,024.24 every year. This is not the only study into just how much mommy bloggers can make. In 2019 an investigation by online British marketplace OnBuy.com found American Youtube channel What's Up Moms, run by Meg Resnikoff and Elle Walker, makes £89,333 ($107,116.97) a month. While Meghan's exact net worth is not a matter of public record, it has been reported to be in the region of $60M. She and her husband have made a number of lucrative deals since they stepped back as working royals. They signed a $100 million contract with Netflix in September 2020. Additionally, Harry is said to have been paid a $20 million advance for his tell-all autobiography Spare. Meghan's children's book The Bench, which was 167 words long, reportedly paid her an advance of $618,000.