Ferrari have been left baffled by Red Bull’s pace ahead of the first Grand Prix of the new season in Bahrain this Sunday. The Scuderia looks to have a pace deficit to Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez after an impressive three days of testing from the reigning champions.  Ferrari didn’t suffer any nightmares in Sakhir but appeared to have a performance gap to last year's champions. In 2022, Ferrari enjoyed an early season advantage over Red Bull before falling away through reliability issues and strategy woes. A downbeat Leclerc accepted the team were struggling compared to their rivals after running on Saturday. He said: “I feel we've got some work to do. Red Bull seems to be very strong in these three days. “This morning was a little bit better, but still some work to do. It is a different car, you need to drive it a little bit differently. I've been trying a lot of different driving styles and I seemed to find my way this morning, finally." READ MORE: Mercedes' bid to close gap on Red Bull ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix hamilton Over the winter, Italian media claimed the team had found major performance gains of around one second per lap. This was apparently down to reliability fixes that allow the team to extract the most from their engine. However, the reports were downplayed by Ferrari team principal Frederic Vasseur as a “joke”. The Frenchman refused to outline where Ferrari could be in the pecking order after three days of running but stressed the squad were not concerned about Red Bull’s speed. He commented: “What is true is that on one lap pace, you are not able to judge because you don't know if they are running with 20/30/50 kilos, and they don't know if we are at 20/30/50kg. It means that it's very difficult to do any kind of comparison. “The only thing that you can judge is when you are doing a race simulation. Because you know that, if you don't stop the car and you do 55 laps, it means that you started with 110kg. It's the only one [where you know]. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen in a very different situation to Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton gets response from Pirelli boss amid safety concerns [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton fears F1 bosses putting lives at risk with new FIA rule [COMMENT] “On our side we did different attempts, with different levels of fuel. Some solutions were working, some other a bit less. We have to get the best from this and to do a proper analysis." He revealed Ferrari had purely focused on their own programme and did not get drawn into comparisons with their frontrunning rivals. Verstappen appeared at ease in the car as he lit up the leaderboards with Red Bull team boss Christian Horner accepting the Dutchman looked in “great shape”. Vasseur added: “It was not the mindset of the test. If you start the test just to have a look on the level of performance of the team, you are dead, because then you will react and function based on the timesheet."