The trio’s trek had to be paused due to dangerous weather conditions on Friday. Speaking on BBC Breakfast on Saturday morning, they shared their hopes they would be able to continue and Rylan, Oti and Emma could be seen shivering as they provided an update on the challenge. Rylan took the opportunity to share his dismay over the latest weather report. Oti told Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt: “I have to sing, I have to sing to motivate us. “Rylan is pulling me along, Emma is just picking me out of every single we pass. “We’re trying to keep our spirits high because it is so difficult, it is so long. “Our bodies are starting to ache but we’ve got each other and we’ve had each other for the last three days. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ “Somehow, we have laughed, we’ve cried, we’ve found deeper meaning. “It’s been the hardest, most beautiful journey that I’ve ever been on. It’s been incredible.” Rylan chipped in: “Can we also add with your weather report. I did hear your weather reporter say Aberdeen is 11 at the moment. “We’re about an hour from Aberdeen and that is a lie! That is a lie!” “Okay, we will pass that on to the weather people, I promise you,” Charlie commented. “I know from the comfort of the sofa here it’s very easy to say but it is stunningly beautiful where you are. “I know it’s grim and it’s cold but I mean, we’re just seeing the ridge of the hill there and it is a beautiful place isn’t it?” “It is,” Emma replied. “When we’ve been walking the last few days, two days, Oti has never been up here before, well none of us have been up here before. DON'T MISS...Rylan Clark admits 'my body is shot' during Red Nose Day challenge [LATEST]Ricky Gervais left taken aback by Rylan Clark's appearance [INSIGHT]Oti Mabuse lands new ITV talk show with Laura Whitmore [UPDATE] “She was like, all we’re doing is we’re walking and you’re looking down to make sure you don’t roll your ankle and break it and we were missing so much of what we were passing. “So we would stop along the way just to take it in because it’s so stunningly beautiful. “We’re incredibly lucky, it has been hard but we are so lucky to be here and see this.” Rylan previously stated he would be “gutted” if they could not complete their trek. Speaking on Friday, the Strictly: It Takes Two host shared: “I know it's the right decision but we're gutted. “Even if there's the smallest chance of us being able to carry on tomorrow then I'm staying. “I didn't start this challenge to only make it halfway." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.