Fawlty Towers was a hit sitcom which aired on the BBC from 1975 until 1979. The show faces further controversy with fans divided over whether it should be rebooted. John Cleese's daughter shared some insight on what viewers can expect. Camilla Cleese has written the reboot alongside her father, who played Basil Fawlty in the original series. Speaking to The Sun she said the reboot has taken into consideration people's "sensitivity". She said: "There will be jokes that will be a little bit edgy but we’re not out to get anyone, we don’t dislike any people. "That’s not the basis of it. People are a little sensitive nowadays, to put it lightly. READ MORE: New Fawlty Towers hotel to be based in the Caribbean, Cleese confirms "If anything we’re making fun of the show’s characters and their idiosyncrasies." For fans hoping to see the reboot air soon, they may be down on their luck after the latest update. Camilla said it could take between "three months or three years" to make. Her father John shared the new series would be set abroad and would not be airing on the BBC. He felt he would not get the same level of freedom he once had in the 60s and 70s. While the cast for the Fawlty Towers reboot has not yet been announced, John did say it will be set on "a Caribbean island or something like that", with Basil and his daughter managing a boutique hotel. He told GB News: "If you put it in the Caribbean, it becomes very multi-racial. "People in the hotel business come from everywhere, so you can bring lots of different people together. DON'T MISS... Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' POLL – Do you think John Cleese should reboot Fawlty Towers? John Cleese's Monty Python co-star's fears over Fawlty Towers reboot "The characteristic of Fawlty Towers was the pressure cooker atmosphere created in the hotel.” GB News presenter Dan Wootton read Cleese a headline from The Guardian, which said the Fawlty Towers reboot would be “an anti-woke nightmare". John hit back: “They obviously know better than I do what’s going to be in it. "Maybe they should write an episode for me that they would find acceptable. "Might not be very funny, but I’m sure it would really please some of their readers. "The idea that it’s all going to be about wokery hadn’t particularly occurred to me.” The original series only ran for two seasons but it has ranked number one on numerous best all-time British comedy lists. The new series is in the works at Rob Reiner’s Castle Rock Entertainment.