Panic broke out after one TikTok user took to their account to announce: "Starting February 1st Walmart is going to charge you a dollar to take out their carts. That's fun." The video soon amassed millions of views and sparked concern for customers all over the US. TikTok users voiced their distress in the comments. Angry Isabel said: "Are they serious? They need to start paying us to shop there. Walmart is always my last resort for groceries." Jacqueline said: "Me and my sister will either bring our own bags or use our shirts then." One wrote: "I'm not paying a dollar for a broken wheel and strong pull to the left." One Antony Maldonado wrote: "Why charging $1.00? "Why they don't get new carts? Using those old ones feels like they all need front wheel alignments." The rumour soon spread to Facebook, with users reposting the suggestion. "Walmart charging a $1 to use their shopping carts starting February 1st," another wrote. One posted: "Do you know Walmart is charging $1 for the use of their carts? Lmfao!" Some confirmed their local Walmart has taken out the policy. Liz wrote: "They started doing this beginning of Jan where I live. you get the dollar back but I don't understand why not just a quarter like other places." Peyton said: "This has been in Canada since I was a kid. You get the coin back when you put the cart back. Less theft of carts and people will put their carts away." The panic appears to be unwarranted as the video was not taken in the US and the exact policy appears not to actually charge shoppers. The original TikTok poster did confirm that he is, in fact, in Canada. What is more, the dollar is only a deposit. ReeCee Hartnell asked: "How does it work? Is it card only? What if I don’t have a card on me?" The original poster responded: "It’s a Canadian $1 coin." Walmart responded to the story. It said in a statement: "The clip is from a Walmart Canada store and is a common practice among many Canadian retailers."  So far the policy has been rolled out in three stores in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Whether Walmart will roll the system out to stores in wider Canada or in the US is yet to be seen. US Aldi has a similar deposit system where a quarter must be used to take a shopping cart, which is then returned later when the cart is returned.