Women over 50 can achieve a youthful appearance by simply showing their ankles, rolling up their sleeves and defining their waistline, according to fashion experts at Notimeforstyle who shared the three fashion tricks that can instantly rejuvenate a look. Showing the ankles is a well-known trick to rejuvenate an outfit, and works with the wrists too. This is because they are the slimmest parts of the body. Cropped trousers, for instance, leave the slimmest section of the legs uncovered, creating a very flattering effect. It instantly lengthens the silhouette and can make women look slimmer and younger. Fashion stylist Lauren Rothman added: “As we age, we’re so consumed with how many parts of our body we feel like we have to cover up, but a few don’t need to be covered. READ MORE: Meghan's gesture showed how she 'really felt' about wedding - claims “Elongating the leg a bit with that cropped pant is very flattering and sexy, and it’s a part of your body that doesn’t tend to show age." Another way to create a youthful look is by simply rolling up the sleeves of your shirt, jumper or blazer.  This is a very practical hack for everyday looks, as it can make you "look younger and take years off your physical appearance which can make you seem slimmer, fitter and overall young again," the fashion experts explained. A little trick is rolling up the blouses’ and blazers’ sleeves to show a few centimetres making the whole look seem "slimmer, younger and fitter".  This is because the wrists are also one of the slimmest parts of the body and by following the simple fashion hack, you enhance that. Similarly, defining your waistline a bit can easily "rejuvenate an outfit" and makes everything look "effortless and very casual".  "We don’t want to look like we did it on purpose to obtain that particular effect," the experts added. Adding a belt to a dress or a coat can achieve this effect and Claire Heathcote, the co-founder of sustainable cashmere brand Loop Cashmere, backed this up. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert The stylist recommended adding a belt around your cardigan or jumper to cinch in your waist and smarten the look up, especially in winter. She opined: "A slip dress also looks elegant with a roll neck placed underneath and, again, with or without a belt depending on your personal taste."  Defining the waistline using a belt is a well-known and very effective fashion hack to achieve a youthful appearance while showing off your best features. Belts can also be added to a midi or maxi dress this winter to elevate your look, the expert suggested. Claire added that a "really simple way" to create a stylish and youthful look this winter is by making the most of accessories. Opt for coordinating hats, gloves and scarves in neutral colours, which will go with every outfit. The trendy maxi scarves can also create a younger look and "can be draped across the chest and shoulders for a high-end look". Other fashion tricks that will make women look instantly younger are embracing colours and patterns, even during the winter months, and ditching a dark and boring look but "without going too crazy," the stylist said. 