Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) isn't supposed to be seeing his son Kyle (Huey Quinn) while he awaits a court date for killing Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). The Emmerdale stalwart has been struggling to keep to the rule though, and actor Jeff Hordley has teased what might be in store for his character. It seems the ITV soap could see Cain making things far worse for himself as his ex takes revenge on him. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, Cain will become angered after being told to stay away from Kyle. The actor explained: "He [Cain] just feels like [Amy Wyatt, Natalie Ann Jamieson] revelling in this. "He’s not being very reasonable particularly and he just thinks she is enjoying this and she’s not really. "She’s just trying to do the best by Kyle but he doesn’t see it like that. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity "He sees Kyle with Will [Taylor, Dean Andrews] and with Will’s grandson and Kyle runs over to him and says, ‘Are you coming to the shop with us?’ and then Will says, ‘Oh no he can’t do that.’ "And Cain’s like, ‘Well why can’t I do that?’ Will starts quoting you’re not allowed to see him and Amy’s told me everything and then that just kind of winds Cain up in the wrong way and the scene ends with Will feeling like he’s doing the right thing but inadvertently winding Cain up. "It’s just basically Will feeling like he’s doing the right thing by not allowing [him] because Amy’s said he’s not allowed to see Cain but Cain's like, 'I’m going to take you for an orange juice.' "The courts have said I’m not supposed to see him but only because he’s going to be using my statement." Jeff continued: "It’s not exactly dangerous for us to go. Cain is saying, 'It’s not dangerous for me to buy my son an orange juice,' but Will doesn’t see it like that. "[Cain] has a short fuse and that’s the way Cain always reacts. He doesn’t think about the bigger picture, he just thinks, 'Who are you to tell me that I can’t see my son?' "He doesn’t realise that if he continues to be unreasonable then [Amy] could make things difficult for him." Could Amy stop Cain from seeing Kyle for good? It seems as though she might take drastic action to show Cain he needs to follow the rules. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood looks unrecognisable in throwback BBC Breakfast picture [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast sparks backlash over 'unimportant' Will Ferrell intervie [LATEST]Will Mellor ‘terrified’ after being ‘thrown about on road's in series [EXCLUSIVE] Cain isn't likely to respond well to this, and with the Emmerdale stalwart going through a lot with his family right now, will he risk his and Kyle's future to ensure he can see his son? His family has tried to convince him to listen to the courts and stay away from Kyle temporarily, but he is desperate to see Kyle. Following the angry exchange with Will, Amy might be concerned that Cain will attempt to see Kyle behind her back. Could she take him away and ensure Cain doesn't regain custody of his son? With Jeff teasing Amy will make things hard for him, it seems Cain could be about to make things even worse for him. Cain would be heartbroken if Kyle was taken away from him, but as the villager keeps threatening to break the rules, Amy may feel she has no other option. Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV.