Caleb Milligan (played by Will Ash) claimed he wanted to help Cain (Jeff Hordley) who was in prison for killing Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Cain was furious to see Caleb and told him to stay away from the Dingles but he’s since wormed his way into the family. Now Emmerdale fans think they’ve spotted a clue which reveals why Caleb is really in the village. In Friday night’s episode, Caleb was seen speaking suspiciously to someone on the phone. He was heard talking to the caller about reeling someone in - potentially one of the Dingles. The call came after Caleb was revealed to be the last person to see Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) before he left the village. Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and the rest of the family were talking to police in the Woolpack as they tried to work out where Paddy had gone. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening Caleb explained he had seen Paddy after it was revealed he’d slept with former flame Mandy (Lisa Riley) The newcomer gave Paddy a stern talking to, claiming the vet should leave the village. However, he told Chas he’d simply had a “friendly word in his ear”, which infuriated the landlady. “He needed squaring up. You know he did. He was getting to you,” Caleb insisted. But Chas was furious and claimed Caleb was responsible for Paddy’s disappearance and driving him out of the village. While the family were concerned with Caleb’s actions, viewers were more distracted by his description of Paddy. Fans were quick to point out he gave a very detailed description of what Paddy was wearing, suggesting he could be an undercover police officer. Taking to Twitter to speculate, McWhiskers posted: “#Emmerdale Oh Caleb - your description of Paddy was very policeyfied then....Are we sure you aren't an undercover cop?” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans plead for soap to 'write out horror character' [LATEST]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley calls for major change to Cain's storyline [NTERVIEW]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's identity as Chloe star drops clue [EXCLUSIVE] Chris P shared: “#Emmerdale Caleb giving a very forensic account of how Paddy was dressed. Just how a [police officer] would if talking to his superiors.” ASuperGav tweeted: “Caleb very observant on what Paddy was wearing. Worthy of an undercover cop, I deem #Emmerdale.” Viewers also became annoyed with Caleb’s involvement with Brandon sharing: “I’m so tired of #Caleb sticking his neb in where it’s not wanted! #Paddy #Chas #Emmerdale.” “Caleb wanted to protect Chas from paddy really?! Hes not a scary gangster fgs he would never hurt her. He wouldnt hurt a fly. #Emmerdale,” Michelle continued. It comes after Emmerdale boss Jane Hudson confirmed viewers are yet to work out Caleb’s big secret. She told viewers: “Well, I can tell you he’s not an undercover cop, Coronation Street recently did that story brilliantly with Spider (Martin Hancock). “We’re not going to copy it, so he’s not an undercover cop, there is a secret about Caleb and the viewers have not yet guessed it.” What could viewers have missed and what is Caleb hiding? Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV from 7.30pm.