Nadia Sawalha, 58, is notorious for her parody posts depicting how the average woman might interpret Kim Kardashian's red carpet looks, or lingerie shots - and yesterday she continued the theme for Valentine's Day. Fans exclaimed that their sides were splitting with laughter, as she fumbled around comedically with the ties on a semi-sheer black lingerie set with stockings and suspenders. Using hashtags like "#instagramvsreality", "#realityvsexpectation", "#whatiorderedvswhatigot" and "#fashionfail", the good humoured Loose Women star twirled awkwardly in her racy outfit. She quizzed fans jokily: "Did you get JUST what you’ve always wanted for Valentines too?" Then she punctuated the short video clip with a tears of laughter emoji, as the ultra-seductive Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin song 'Je T'aime Moi Non Plus' rang out in the background. Her partner Mark Adderley was less easygoing, though, when he hit back on Instagram demanding to know why her 521,000 followers got more of an eyeful than he had done. READ NOW: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap "JESUS CHRIST - I heard your high heels clattering upstairs - I like the way INSTAGRAM gets to see you … but I don’t!!!!" he joked. Nadia immediately hit back with a war cry of: "MARKKKKKK TAKE THAT DOWN!", before threatening "a wet dish cloth in your face". Referring to her mesh top, which was partially unbuttoned, knickers with lace sides, and attached stockings with red heels, not all fans were as harsh on her as she was on herself. One, @laura_xx_1, urged Mark: "Do NOT take this [post] down. Go upstairs and jump her, she's hot af x" Fans joined the post, which had attracted over 7,000 likes in a matter of minutes, to thank Nadia for her post and tell her they were "crying with laughter". One quizzical fan was curious to know whether or not the tight-fitting and very revealing outfit was in any way "comfortable". However, Nadia soon satisfied her curiosity, candidly responding: "Hellish!" @beard_gryhlls chimed in: "[It's] supposed to feel sexy and seductive! You looked it if that helps. I love my wife's body after having our 4 children. I wouldn't change it and I think videos like this are so refreshing and honest." DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE] Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES] Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [VALENTINE'S DAY]  Then @themichellepenny joked: "The good thing is with all that stretching and pulling you've burned off 899 calories and can sit down and have a whole pack of biscuits." Nadia responded she'd be changing out of the Valentine's style lingerie, and eating them "in a bathrobe" instead. @gpiggirl452 joked: "I wear more than that in the bath!!", leading the Loose Women star to agree: "Exactly!" @mrs_bestwick added: "I mean even a scientist couldn't work out were all those string bits go! But you do look good #keepingitreal #empowerwomen." Nadia's regular posts translating the latest fashion and lingerie trends as they might look on a woman over 50 have been a hit among her Instagram followers, who number more than half a million. She has explained that the purpose of her parodies is to show how a "real woman" looks in the same outfits and scenarios - and she has been praised by many for her candour. On one occasion, she brought Kim Kardashian's range into the spotlight, changing the name to "Skids" instead of Skims, and captioning the photo: "For only the most beautiful bodies." Nadia also had her fans in stitches when she imitated Kim's Paris Fashion Week look last year, which saw her entire body covered in tightly wrapped bright yellow tape. Yet while Kim's was emblazoned with the brand name Balenciaga, Nadia created her own budget version - and jokily labelled it "TK Maxx".