In recent scenes in Emmerdale, viewers have witnessed Samson Dingle (played by Sam Hall) take a complete U-turn as he tries to bond with his daughter Esther. Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) is thrilled by Samson's change of heart, but Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) seems to have seen straight through his rival's plan. Samson began to bond with his daughter when he heard about Noah's inheritance money, which he has put into a trust fund for Esther. Despite losing his job with Marcus Dean (Marcus Gray), who recently fled the village, Noah seems to be splashing the cash lately. Not only is helping Amelia with the baby, but he has also been helping her dad, Dan Spencer (Liam Fox). During scenes that aired on Wednesday, Dan shared his money worries with Amelia, admitting they were struggling as a family. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Amelia tried reassuring him, explaining Noah was happy to help them. But, Dan's pride got the better of him and he turned down the offer. Things came to a head when Amelia asked Samson to look after Esther while she went to college and Noah had a job interview. However, when Noah spotted them together, he questioned what his motives were. "Why have you got Esther?" Noah quizzed as Samson replied: "Well, she is my daughter." Seeing through his motives, Noah asked: "What is your game, mate?" Amelia soon interrupted the exchange as she came out with a bottle of milk for Esther. "Why has he got her?" Noah fumed at a confused Amelia. She simply said: "I phoned him, Noah, because I had to get into college." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [SPOILERS]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Laurence's link to Pat Phelan [INSIGHT]Vera star admits 'out of your hands' as he addresses future [EXCLUSIVE] However, following the episode fans have taken to social media to share their thoughts about Samson and Noah's storyline. Many feel like Samson will leave the village once he has blackmailed Noah into giving him Esther's trust fund money. Gillian Hudson theorised: "Well, Samson’s gonna go missing once he hears the trust fund is running low!’ #Emmerdale." Matthew Chapman wrote: "There will be no trust fund left by the time Samson has finished Noah!" While Owen went on to predict: "Be no trust fund when Samson swindles it #Emmerdale." "Just a minute. What's that I see in Samson's eyes whilst he's clumsily feeding Esther....oh yes it's clear now....pound signs! #Emmerdale," Pam shared. Chris P fumed: "#Emmerdale if Amelia falls for the Samson the daddy s**t she's worse than I thought." (sic) "What is Samson up to #emmerdale," Twitter user @page_lace30 asked questioning his motives. Jehan quizzed: "Oh please, why is Amelia, Lydia & Sam not suspicious over Samson's sudden interest in Esther? Will the village idiots never learn?" (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.