The ashes of the Yorkshire Ripper were spread at a beauty spot which meant a lot to him and his family, his niece has revealed. Emily Sutcliffe says that some of her uncle’s remains were scattered by the seaside in a village he used to visit when he was a boy.    Speaking for the first time about her evil uncle, she says that the location is the village of Arnside in Cumbria. This revelation will come as a shock to the families of the women he terrorised in the 1970s and early 1980s, especially the 13 he murdered, and the people who live in the area. Ms Sutcliffe told the Mirror: “I was taken there once or twice when I was a child. It is lovely. “That area means a lot to the whole family. We had family living in the area at the time and would visit them.” The 28-year-old told Mirror the killer had a terrible impact on her life.    She said: “When he died it felt a bit like freedom, a relief. “When I looked in the mirror I saw a monster because I was convinced I looked like him. “When I was younger I was told I looked like my dad who has similar features to my uncle. “It was so bad I wanted plastic surgery to change everything about my appearance. If I’d had the money I would have.” The Yorkshire Ripper died when suffering from Covid in November 2020 at University Hospital of North Durham. His ex-wife Sonia Sutcliffe was made the executor of his estate and it is believed the ashes were divided up and sent to family and friends. It is thought the evil killer told his relatives about his plan for his remains. A portion of them are thought to have been scattered at Arnside, on an adjacent beach to where his father’s were spread in 2004. Ms Sutcliffe claims the Ripper’s ashes were released out to sea. He was allowed to visit Arnside in 2005 to pay respects to his dad, and was driven to the bay under the supervision of Broadmoor Hospital staff. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face seating 'hierarchy' at King's Coronation    This sparked uproar in the peaceful village, with the then MP Tim Collins saying: “It is despicable.” Lorry driver Sutcliffe, from Bingley, West Yorkshire, was jailed in 1981 for the murders and seven attempted murders. He was told he would never be released. Ms Sutcliffe said she was eight when her dad Carl, the killer’s brother, told her about her uncle. She said: “I remember going into school and telling my friends because I thought my uncle was famous. I didn’t understand what he’d done then. “Unfortunately, it was the perfect age for bullying and it has scarred me.” She says a close friend at primary school told her that her parents knew one of the victims. She added: “I felt like saying ‘I’m sorry, but it wasn’t me’. “I was told by my family ‘you’re quiet, you’re artistic just like Uncle Peter’. “I was scared I was inherently bad and thought I must have evil coursing through my veins. "It’s had a crazy impact on my self-esteem. I developed an eating disorder and was massively underweight from the stress of it.” DON'T MISSUK's most dangerous places to live ranked in new map [ANALYSIS]Prison reform boss inflicted two decades of torture on her husband [REPORT]Prince Harry humiliated as Americans say Prince William is better [OPINION]   She says the Yorkshire Ripper’s offences may have influenced her decision to study criminology and psychology. The young mum said: “In the months before he died I was seriously considering visiting him.” And she thinks the Ripper’s alcoholic dad may have caused the murderous streak by smashing a pint glass over his head when he was a boy. She said it was similar to the Ripper’s hammer attacks and added: “His crimes affected so many people – even me so many generations later.” 