Unfortunately, bedding doesn’t stay clean for long and they end up harbouring all sorts of unwanted guests – much of them can’t be spotted either. Think dirt, sweat, body oils, skin cells, and dust mites - they all build up, not only on bed sheets and mattresses, but also on mattress protectors. Dust mites are so small that they aren’t visible to the naked eye. They feed on dead skin cells and can cause allergic reactions. Emma Rowlinson, Product Development Manager at Christy has shared the lowdown on the steps households should be taking to care for their mattress protector “properly” so that it lasts. A mattress protector collects lots of bacteria and sweat over time, so households need to clean it so it works effectively and is hygienic. When considering how often a mattress protector should be washed, Emma said: “Generally, you should wash your mattress protector every other month - however, there are exceptions to this rule. “People who suffer from allergies should wash their mattress protectors more regularly, around once a month, to prevent any reactions.” Thankfully, people can buy anti-allergy mattress protectors that do a “better job” of protecting against dust. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine The expert added: “One thing to be particularly strict with is washing your mattress protector after someone has suffered from a cold, flu or any transmissible illness, as not doing so could make other members of your household ill.” Mattress protectors should also always be washed prior to using it for the first time to eliminate any odours and soften it. The bedding pro explained that investing in a high-quality mattress protector is “essential” to making sure that they last “a long time”. She said: “A good mattress protector should last you around one to two years, and you can ensure this by making sure you take care of it correctly. DON'T MISSFive ‘most effective’ houseplants to remove ‘mould and dust spores’ [EXPERT]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [TIPS]‘First’ area of your peace lily to prune for the ‘strongest growth’ [COMMENT] “Not looking after your mattress protector by not washing them regularly enough or in the wrong conditions will inevitably shorten its lifespan.” To wash this type of bedding, Emma said: “Your mattress protector should have a care label, which will give you precise instructions on the conditions in which they can be washed. If using a washing machine, I’d recommend using regular detergent on a 40ºC gentle wash as anything too hot can damage the protective qualities.” If the mattress protector is stained, the expert recommended treating this beforehand. She said: “You can do this by using baking soda to work out the stains the same way you might with clothes.” It’s important to wash the mattress protector with a mild detergent and avoid adding bleach or chlorine to the washing machine. READ MORE: Lift ‘yellow’ toilet seat stains in 10 minutes with ‘amazing’ 90p item After the protector is washed, complete a rinse cycle to ensure all the detergent is out. Any leftover detergent can cause mould and mildew to develop. When drying a mattress protector, Emma stated: “While you can put mattress protectors in the dryer if you keep it to a low temperature, I suggest air drying them as heat can cause damage to the protective qualities. “Because of this they should also never be ironed or dry cleaned. A top tip is to have an extra mattress protector so that you will always have a clean one on hand to swap out with.” For those who have a clothesline outdoors, let the mattress protector bask in the sunshine and soak up all those wonderful fresh-air smells. The mattress protector will be dry in a few hours and it’ll carry that incomparable scent of sun-warmed fabric to the bedroom. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Households can also hang their mattress protector in front of a big fan but first, make sure the fan blades have been cleaned first. Dust can accumulate quickly on a fan, and when the blades start to spin, the mattress protector may go from fresh and clean to musty and dusty. Households may have to rotate their mattress protector so that the fan can dry out every bit of its surface. While the mattress protector is being cleaned, it’s smart to take steps to at least deodorise and freshen up the mattress, if not clean it entirely. This care routine doesn’t have to be intensive, it can be as simple as sprinkling baking soda on the surface of the bed and leaving it alone to absorb odours. Then, vacuum it up and run the vacuum over the crevices of the bed frame.