Call The Midwife first made its on-screen debut back in 2012 as the BBC drama threw audiences back to 1957. Following a group of East London midwives and nuns, the show is currently nearing the end of its 12th season with seasons 13, 14 and 15 now set to follow. Throughout the years, audiences have seen the nurses, nuns and midwives help the mothers of Poplar deliver their babies as fans have grown to love the many characters on the show. The show has seen a new arrival with Sister Veronica (played by Rebecca Gethings) joining Nonnatus House and the show has sadly said goodbye to Lucille Robinson (Leonie Elliott) for the time being. Her unexpected exit came after tensions started to run high in Poplar following Enoch Powell’s infamous Rivers of Blood speech which gave a scathing attack on UK immigration. Although the 13th season of the show had already been confirmed, BBC bosses recently revealed viewers can expect to see two more instalments. READ MORE:Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Creator and writer of the show Heidi Thomas spoke about the commissioning news in a statement as she revealed she was “overjoyed” at the renewal. She said: “Call the Midwife is the pride and joy of all who work on it, but it's our fantastic, loyal audience that matters most. “We are a family behind the scenes, on the screen, and in front of the telly, and I'm thrilled that we're all heading into the 1970s together." Following the same format, series 14 and 15 will consist of eight 60-minute episodes along with the usual Christmas specials.  The current season returned on New Year's Day after a successful 2022 festive special which attracted 4.5 million viewers on average in overnight ratings. Call The Midwife is based on the best-selling trilogy books written by Jennifer Worth about her work as a nurse during the 1950s in the poverty-stricken East End of London. Despite there being certain situations and characters that were based on real events and people in the first few series, the main stories on the show are a piece of fiction from Heidi. Sadly, Jennifer didn’t get to see her life work make it on screen as she died one year before the series aired with Jessica Raine playing her in the first few seasons.  DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife fans fume over delay as character's life in balance [REACTION] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice's Mollie Gallagher on ‘hardest part’ of ITV show [INSIGHT]  The latest instalment has welcomed back many fan favourites such as nurse Trixie Franklin (Helen George), Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter), Sister Monica Joan (Judy Parfitt), Dr Patrick Turner (Stephen McGann) and Fred Buckle (Cliff Parisi) However, fans fear long-running character Sister Monica won’t survive to see another season as the penultimate episode of season 12 saw her take a turn. In the episode, it was revealed she was the latest person in the district to contract hepatitis with Dr Turner expressing her age was a concern. Although audiences will have to wait to find out Sister Monica's fate as the BBC period drama is taking a two-week break.    It comes as the TV schedule has changed to make way for the annual BAFTA Film Awards on Sunday 19, meaning the finale will air the following week on the 29. A preview for the finale saw Trixie’s mother-in-law pay a visit with her wedding to Matthew (Olly Rix) although it looked as though things could not be going as planned. Viewers could also discover what is in store for Cyril (Zephryn Taitte) and Lucille as he remains in the UK with her starting a new job abroad. Call the Midwife continues Sunday, February 9 on BBC One at 8pm 