Mohammed ben Sulayem has decided to give up the hands-on running of the governing body amid tensions with F1 chiefs. The FIA boss said he would only concentrate on “strategic matters” with head of single-seaters, Nikolas Tombazis taking over the “day-to-day” running. However, it is understood Ben Sulayem will remain in his role as FIA president despite calls for him to resign. It comes amid strained relations between the FIA and F1 following a series of conflicts on the eve of the new season. Ben Sulayem revealed the new approach in an apparent letter to team bosses as per the Daily Mail. An FIA statement to Express Sport confirmed that Ben Sulayem would be stepping back from the key role. It read: “My stated objective was to be a non-executive president via the recruitment of a team of professional managers, which has now been largely completed. “Therefore, going forward, your day-to-day contact for all matters on F1 will be with Nikolas (Tombazis, director of single-seater racing) and his team, while I will focus on strategic matters with my leadership team.” READ MORE: FIA and F1 set for another bust-up as chief sides with Lewis Hamilton Recent reports in Germany claimed that F1 owners Liberty Media have been pushing for Ben Sulayem to stand down from his role. They have apparently lined up former Prodrive and Motorsport UK boss David Richards as his replacement. It comes after Ben Sulayem’s decisions came under fire from F1 chiefs, team bosses and drivers. F1 stars such as Max Verstappen and Valtteri Bottas have slammed an FIA decision to silence driver protests ahead of races. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff and even Red Bull’s Helmut Marko have also questioned the decision. F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali has appeared to side with the drivers after revealing he was holding talks with the Grand Prix Drivers’ Association (GPDA) in a blow to the FIA. DON'T MISSFIA face driver revolt as Alex Albon insists 'everyone concerned' [COMMENT]Red Bull left red-faced as F1 boss shuns them 'due to suspicions' [ANALYSIS]F1 and FIA in 'open war' with relationship 'hanging by a thread' [INSIGHT] F1 lawyers also threatened legal action against the FIA after Ben Sulayem suggested a possible £16billion ($20b) Saudi Arabian takeover bid was “inflated”. They claimed that F1 had the “exclusive” right to exploit the commercial rights but this was challenged by Ben Sulayem who claimed the series was only on loan. The two sides have also clashed over the future direction of the series with Ben Sulayem opening expressions of interest for new teams and backing Andretti’s bid. This comes despite reservations from team bosses who fear any new entrants could “dilute” the sport. Sky Sports pundit Karun Chandhok has admitted the relationship between the two sides is not in a good place with just weeks to go before the first race in Bahrain. He commented: "I think certainly the relationship is on the edge at the moment between the FIA and Formula One. I think publicly last year they were playing nice, although we all know from within the paddock and behind the scenes it was all getting a bit fractious."