Carlos Alcaraz says he is looking to Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in his bid to continue improving ahead of his comeback at this week’s Argentina Open. The world No 2 has not played a match since November and appears to have strong expectations as he admitted he couldn’t stop thinking about winning during his injury layoff. Alcaraz is back in action at the Argentina Open this week, more than 100 days after he played his last match at the Paris Masters which ended with him retiring through injury. With the 19-year-old originally set to return in Australia last month, he picked up a second injury and was forced to delay his comeback until now. While the US Open winner has spent three months on the sidelines, he appears to have high expectations of himself in Buenos Aires as he explained that he had some successful practice sessions as he hinted that he was hoping to lift the title. “It's going to be my first tournament since Paris.” the teenager told Marca. “Four months have passed, but I always think about winning. I know it's not going to be easy after not competing for so long. I've come a few days before to train with good players and pick up that pace. I know my coach won here and he has told me good things about the tournament.” JUST IN: Djokovic in Indian Wells 'situation' after request to US government   Alcaraz enjoyed a breakthrough season in 2022 as he won five titles, including his first Major at the US Open. With the win, he became the youngest world No 1 in ATP history and the first teenager to win a Grand Slam title since Nadal 17 years earlier, but the 19-year-old says he’s still looking to continue improving his game as he cited the ability of the Big Three to keep adapting. “The best in history, like Rafa, Roger and Novak, have never stagnated and have been improving over time,” he explained. “I hope to take those small leaps and improve my tennis, physically and mentally.” While the Spanish teenager had already reached the pinnacle of the sport by winning a Slam and reaching the top of the rankings, he added: “I achieved my dream very quickly and it took me a bit by surprise. I need and want to continue improving, that is the key. DON'T MISSSerena Williams expecting to cry at Super Bowl LVII clashDjokovic can end six-year Federer drought if he plays Indian WellsFederer sparks theories among fans with ATP yet to confirm retirement “I like to play tennis beyond the results and I want to continue enjoying it. Despite having been number one, I have many things to improve.” And Alcaraz explained why he thought he managed to achieve both milestones so early on in his career as he shared the key to his success. “The courage with which I play. I'm not afraid, it doesn't matter who's in front of me,” he said. “That has been essential to achieve what I've already achieved. I've always taken it naturally to face the best. That ambition has made me be who I am right now.” 