Randi Honeycutt began to notice her first grey hairs at 17, but it wasn’t until the age of 38 that she finally began to “embrace” her natural hair colour. However, once she began growing out her hair and looking after it she said she noticed her confidence increasing. “Increased confidence when you’re growing your grey, I definitely experienced that,” she told her TikTok audience of 25.5K followers on the account @randihoneycutt_. In order to keep her hair healthy while growing it out, Randi uses a number of hair care products. However, she discovered one all-natural DIY method that was able to remove “yellow tones” from her hair to create a shining, silver look. “I love a good DIY. I saw this simple apple cider vinegar rinse being used to tone grey, and I had to try,” she explained. One of Randi’s favourite things about the hack is that it means using fewer products on her hair, and buying fewer products also means saving money in the long run. Apple cider vinegar can be purchased for as little as 95p from ASDA. READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips “The fewer products in my arsenal equals more cabinet space and less waste. Win, win, win,” she said. Putting the hack to the test, Randi mixed two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar with approximately 500ml of water in a jar, then stirred the two together. She then poured the mixture over her hair and let it sit for between five and 10 minutes. However, after her first attempt at the hack, she recommends adding the mixture into a spray bottle instead as this will make it easier to apply evenly over the whole head. “It helped neutralise a lot of the yellowing I had,” she explained. “It also helps balance the Ph of the scalp and removes product buildup. A lot of wins.” DON'T MISSFebruary horoscope for the month ahead - check your astrology forecast [INSIGHT]Woman elopes with stepdad & asks the internet how to tell her mother [VIDEO]Woman, 40, who 'looks in her 20s' on the haircare mistake ageing hair [COMMENT] Apple cider vinegar is an acid, which means it can help to lighten and refine the colour. As grey or white hair has little or no pigment, its colour can be easily impacted by pigments in the environment, such as the shampoo or conditioner you use. However, apple cider vinegar can help to neutralise these tones. Apple cider vinegar, given its acidity, has a pH of two to three. The human scalp has an acidity of around 5.5, however, those who use a lot of products may find their scalp is slightly more acidic. The apple cider vinegar can therefore help to neutralise the scalp, which will help with the production of the natural oils which keep your hair glossy and healthy. Randi says she always makes sure to rinse her hair after using the apple cider treatment so she can then apply a conditioner to keep her hair silky and soft. The mum has been applauded by her followers for the tip, with many complimenting her on her "gorgeous" tresses. One commenter said: "You are so pretty! I love your hair!" Another wrote: "I use apple cider vinegar regularly as a rinse. I love it and how soft my hair is after. It also helps with my scalp psoriasis." If you prefer not to use apple cider vinegar, some commenters recommended using purple shampoo or Randi suggests opting for a clarifying shampoo as part of your routine.