The UK could be poised for heavy snow in the coming days as experts suggest February 11th could be when the cold weather arrives. A combination of a cyclonic storm in the Atlantic and a jet stream – whipping up speeds of 200mph – is threatening sub-zero temperatures here in the UK next week and even a "wall of snow". While weather forecasters are still keeping a close eye on their models, one expert believes there is now a risk of "widespread snow". Exacta Weather’s James Madden said: “Some computer models are now favouring a bitter easterly blast later next week, and this could bring the risk of widespread snow. “This is expected ahead of next weekend and if it happens, temperatures will plunge across the country. “Snowfall in parts could bring the risk of disruption, and depending on the severity of this blast, this could be on a scale or greater than anything we have seen so far this winter. “We could see temperatures dipping to -10C or even -15C in some urban regions in a cold spell that could hold out for seven to 10 days.” Freezing air in the US could collide with warmer air from the Gulf of Mexico, charging the jet stream and potentially altering weather conditions in the Atlantic and further eastward. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “A huge area of cold air across North America is coming up against milder air to the south, and we are getting a powerful jet stream which is helping to deepen areas of low pressure. “An area of low pressure deepens explosively and becomes a real beast coming out of North America, and although that’s deepened by the jet stream, the size of that low affects the shape of the jet stream and helps to push its energy southwards and northwards amplifying the jet stream. READ MORE: New arctic storm set to strike from Canada to bring more weather hell “This will have a knock-on impact on the shape of the jet steam coming over the UK and helping to develop an area of low pressure coming across Greece.” American forecasts are expecting colder weather while the Met Office in the UK predicts wet and milder conditions. Mr McGivern continued: "That will ultimately decide how much of the cold air stays to the east of the UK and how much it influences the UK itself. “What we think is that there is an 85 percent chance that next week will start off colder and drier in the south but milder with some rain in the north. “Then gradually through next week westerlies will sink south bringing changeable but milder air across the UK. But there is a 15-per cent chance that it will turn very cold especially across the south and east with snow.” DON'T MISSMet Office pinpoints exact regions set for snow in matter of days  [INSIGHT]Monty Don admits he 'daren't look' at garden after brutal weather [ANALYSIS]Texas truck slides down frozen Fort Worth road [INSIGHT] Experts have also reassured the British public that they will not be met with a proper 'beast from the east' as the country last saw in February 2018. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The jet stream is coming over Iceland, Norway and Europe and this will help low pressure to form over Greece. “This is the power battle, and there is about a 20-per cent chance that we could get something colder at the end of next week as a result. “This is what is being referred to as the beast from the east, although I think a full beast is unlikely, certainly before the last 10 days of the month. “However, there is a chance that we will see something colder by the end of the week, and this is something that we are going to be keeping our eyes on.”