Spring may be drawing closer with signs of warmer weather appearing each day but chilly interludes can still be an issue for your garden - in particular your lawn. Whether it's looking limp in texture or far from the bright green colour you had hoped for, gardening expert Callum Maddock has exclusively shared exactly how to fix "brittle grass" blades caused by "harsh" winter conditions - and how to protect them from future cold spells. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: "Grass blades become brittle during winter due to a combination of factors, including low temperatures, dry air, and exposure to snow and frost. "In colder months, the water inside the grass blades freezes and expands, causing the blades to become stiff and fragile. Dry winter air and wind can also increase the rate of evaporation, causing your grass to dry out and become more prone to damage. "Heavy snow and frost can bend the blades and cause them to snap, stunting their growth and leaving them looking haggard and tired. To avoid these issues, gardeners should take steps to protect their grass from the harsh winter elements and maintain its health throughout the winter months." While there are many factors that contribute to good lawn care in the colder months, Callum noted that you should always start on the surface before getting into the roots. READ MORE: Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny The gardening expert noted that to "fix" grass that has already turned "brittle" earlier in the winter, gardeners should first remove any dead or damaged grass blades lurking above ground. He said: "You can then water the grass regularly to promote healthy growth and apply a winter-resistant fertilizer to provide essential nutrients. "Additionally, you can improve the soil structure by aerating the soil and adding organic matter, which can help to reduce the impact of winter stress on the grass. "In cases where the grass is severely damaged, gardeners may need to reseed the affected area or even replace the entire lawn to restore its appearance and health. Overall, maintaining proper care and attention to the grass during winter can help to prevent and fix any brittle grass caused by the harsh winter elements." DON'T MISS...‘Most effective’ tip to remove lawn weeds and ‘prevent’ them returning [INSIGHT]Lawn job to do ‘now’ to ‘save time’ come spring - avoids ‘dying’ grass [REVEAL]Lawn care task to do in February to keep grass 'green' and 'healthy' [TIPS] Before attempting to restore frost-damaged grass, it is important to wait until the white dusting has completely disappeared. Holly Jones, lawn expert Garden Street noted that waiting until the grass has thawed through is essential before watering the delicate blades. Doing so allows you to hydrate the grass and give it plenty of nutrients to "keep the roots strong" and promote healthy growth. She added that while it can be tempting to apply fertiliser to speed up regrowth, you should wait until springtime to prevent excess nitrogen from causing further damage. READ MORE: David Domoney warns of 3 winter gardening ‘don’ts’ - lawn will ‘rot’ If your lawn is relatively new, you may need to just leave the damaged blades to regrow over time. The Garden Street expert explained that as the temperatures begin to rise, it "will start to recover" and repair itself. After taking steps to protect your garden grass, it is important to find ways to prevent it from becoming susceptible to frost damage again. Callum explained that there are "several measures" you can take to keep the green blades in good condition - despite the cold weather. He said: "Try to avoid walking on the grass when it is covered in frost or snow, as this can cause damage to the blades, stunting their growth. Water the grass regularly during winter, as dry grass is more susceptible to damage. "However, to avoid pooling you may want to spread an even layer of sand over the top of the grass to support sufficient drainage. To keep your grass thriving through the colder months, provide a covering of insulation by adding a layer of mulch or straw over the top. "Another great way to prevent brittle greenery is to ensure you raise the usual mowing height, as shorter grass is more vulnerable to cold temperatures. "Try to avoid using fertilizers during the winter months, as this can cause the grass to grow too quickly and cause further issues down the line."