Harry Kane will want to join Manchester United after realising how "special" they could be if he does, claims Louis Saha. United are in the market for a forward in the summer and the Tottenham talisman is on their radar. Kane has long been linked with a move to Old Trafford and is out of contract in 2024. He is yet to win any major silverware in his career but became Spurs' all-time record goalscorer at the weekend. United need to replace Cristiano Ronaldo, who had his contract cancelled in November. Wout Weghorst is only on loan, while Anthony Martial's future at the club is in doubt. The Red Devils have been on fire since the World Cup, winning 11 of their 13 matches in all competitions. Saha believes Kane will have been keeping a close eye on Erik ten Hag's side and imagining how he could fit into their team. READ MORE: Man City could drop four divisions if Premier League expel Guardiola's side  Saha, who played for both United and Spurs, thinks Kane will make the move to United and will help the club end their wait for a Premier League title. He told Compare.bet: "My prediction is this: Harry Kane will come to Manchester United and win the Premier League. "He will have seen the last few games from United and seen that if he joined that attack they could be special. He can be recognised as one of the best in the world. He has a modern way of playing, but at the same time, he’s very old school. "I think he can reach higher levels, especially in terms of personal achievements because the guy can do it, and he’s a terrific guy and a great ambassador for the Premier League. I really wish he will become a Manchester United player." Kane broke Jimmy Greaves' Spurs record with the goal in Sunday's 1-0 win over Manchester City. Arsenal legend Ian Wright believes now is the time for the 29-year-old to make a decision on his future. DON'T MISSMan Utd could be stung by Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warningGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emergeMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advert  Speaking on the Kelly & Wrighty Show, he said: “It’s going to be interesting to see what happens now. It seems to me like, in his mind, he is at peace at maybe staying at Tottenham. "There is a lot to be read into the contract talk ‘I am ready to sign for the rest of my career’. Or is that a call to other people by saying ‘if you are going to come, then this is the time to come?" "This is why he is at a real crux position in his career now. The next deal is either go to Manchester United." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 