Everton boss Sean Dyche has confirmed the club will explore potential opportunities in the free agent market but reaffirmed he will not just sign anyone for the sake of it. The relegation-battling Toffees, who were the only Premier League side not to make a January signing, were interested in landing Andre Ayew following his release from Al Sadd but the 33-year-old veteran has now joined Nottingham Forest on a free transfer to reunite with ex-boss Steve Cooper. Isco remains available but reports suggest Everton are not currently interested in landing the Spaniard, who nearly joined Union Berlin on transfer deadline day before the move collapsed over wages post-medical. "There's a list of players we'll be looking through and seeing if they fit what we're trying to do, do they fit what we need to achieve going forward and can they also do it pretty quickly. You can sign players for the future but that's different," said Dyche in his first Everton press conference, opening the door to potential recruits. But the former Burnley boss did also state that some free agents are without clubs for a reason as he prepares to get down to business at Goodison Park. Yet despite reservations about some of the players currently available on the market, there are still some players with more to give if Dyche can get them fit and firing - ones that could be worth the gamble. Express Sport assesses three free agent options that could still prove worthwhile for Everton with Ayew and Isco now off the table. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Max Kruse Max Kruse nearly moved to Merseyside just over three years ago when he nearly joined Liverpool following the termination of his contract at Wolfsburg. The German forward is now 34 but he certainly knows where the goal is following an excellent career in the Bundesliga, where he has scored goals for Freiburg, Borussia Monchengladbach, Werder Bremen and Union Berlin. Kruse has also earned 14 caps for Germany at international level and is vastly experienced - something that could prove priceless in the fight for Premier League survival. Everton need goals and are desperately lacking firepower in attack. Although Kruse isn't a sexy name or profile, he would certainly give the Toffees something extra whether that is from the bench or from the get-go. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezEverton boss Sean Dyche sets record straight on Isco signing and free agent transfersMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transfer Artem Dzyuba The big Russian striker is a real handful and is arguably the perfect build for Dyche's football. His imposing presence and aerial ability means he could be ideal from the bench, particularly if Everton are trailing or in need of a goal. Dzyuba has scored goals for fun for both Zenit St Petersburg and Russia and although he is now approaching the tail end of his career, there are not many defenders that would want to mark him. Everton are going to be pumping balls into the box and fighting tooth and nail to score goals from set pieces, for that reason, Dzyuba could be worth a punt - even if it seems unlikely. Nicolai Jorgensen Jorgensen might be 32 now but his goalscoring record speaks for itself - despite his recent struggles with Kasimpasa and Copenhagen. The Dane hammered 48 goals in 118 appearances in the Eredivisie during his time with Feyenoord and was also prolific in his homeland for FC Copenhagen before moving into central Europe. While he has fallen away slightly in recent years, he remains a player capable of scoring goals at any level if he can return to full fitness. Dyche is the kind of manager that can turn water into wine and for that reason, Jorgensen is an option worth considering. He might not be better than what they currently have but if he scores a few goals that are worth big points to Everton, he could be worth his weight in gold to their survival bid.