NFL fans believe Tom Brady dropped a huge hint over his imminent retirement announcement on his podcast. On Wednesday, Brady announced he was walking away from the NFL after 23 seasons. Brady originally announced his retirement exactly a year ago only to sensationally reverse his decision 40 days later to return to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Unfortunately, the Bucs struggled and were defeated by the Dallas Cowboys in the NFL playoffs, with the seven-time Super Bowl champion doffing his cap to fans as he left the field, suggesting his time in the league was over. Last year, Fox Sports announced Brady would join the network as a lead analyst following his retirement, signing a 10-year contract worth $375 million (£306m). The network were unaware when Brady would retire, but they landed the iconic signal-caller for whenever he decided to walk away from the NFL. Fox Sports initially thought Brady would join their roster last year after he retired only for the quarterback to return to the NFL. However, the 45-year-old has been hosting his ‘Let’s Go!’ Podcast on Sirius XM in the meantime to get practice sitting behind the microphone - and he revealed on a recent episode his excitement at his future role. READ MORE: Buccaneers and Patriots give classy response to Tom Brady retirement “There's so much to learn, there's so much to teach, you know, it's ever evolving,” Brady told co-host Jim Gray. “Believe me, as much as you think I'm willing to teach people, I'm really looking to learn. I'm really looking to learn from all the people that I get to talk to. “I get an opportunity to be in a job in the future where I get to travel around and learn from all the other people that I've looked up to and admired, different organisations and different people. So it's exciting for me too. “I feel like the opportunity to do that is something that I'm really looking forward to whenever that time comes.” DON'T MISSDenver Broncos set to hire legendary NFL head coach in rare tradeTom Brady admits holds 'on every single play' while defending NFL refsEx-Raiders quarterback Derek Carr given chance to say goodbye to fans As a result, many fans who caught his podcast episode are likely to not have been too surprised by his announcement on Wednesday morning. Brady appeared to heavily hint he was ready to move into Brady has claimed he could be ‘scathing’ in the booth and likened himself to renowned golf commentator Johnny Miller. Brady’s revelation of his potential style of commentary would be a stark contrast to popular CBS analyst Tony Romo, who showers praise on quarterbacks and offensive ingenuity with infectious enthusiasm. Fox have reportedly created multiple contingency plans to figure out how the seven-time Super Bowl champion could appear on their coverage, but he is not expected to join Fox’s leading broadcast team of play-by-play caller Kevin Burkhardt and colour commentator Greg Olsen. However, it certainly shouldn’t be ruled out for Brady to make his broadcast debut during Super Bowl LVII on February 12 when the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs clash for the Lombardi Trophy in Arizona.