Meghan Markle will have the "perfect excuse" for a no-show at the King's Coronation in May, a royal expert claimed. The "perfect excuse" will come in the form of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's son Archie's birthday, which happens to fall on the same day as his grandfather's big day. Royal expert Charles Rae told GB News: "There is also suggestions that only Harry will come. "Let's not forget that Meghan has a perfect excuse not to turn up. "On the same day, it is the fourth birthday of little Archie. "So, it may well be that she'll stay behind and enjoy the celebrations with her son." READ MORE: Charles 'dotes' on all his grandchildren but one brings out his 'fun' side He added: "There is an argument that says Harry and Meghan should be there. "Then, there also an argument that says they shouldn't be there because of what's happened in the past, the continual sniping at other members of the family." Mr Rae called it a "thorny subject", however, he said the King "wants his son to be there" because "he is his son" and it is "a big thing and a big event for Britain". Concluding, Mr Rae said Harry "should be there". READ MORE: 'Ambitious' Kate 'redefining' herself to win back popularity after bombshell Spare claims Harry and Meghan welcomed their first child, a son named Archie, in 2019. Archie's birth came, almost one year to the day, after his parent's royal wedding in May 2018. The pair also welcomed a second child, a daughter named Lilibet Diana, in June 2021. Although their response to the invite remains a mystery, the couple will be invited to the King's Coronation this spring, it has been revealed. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk a "detailed plan" is in the process of being constructed in order for the couple to not "overshadow the proceedings" set to take place on May 6. The source added: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama."