Manchester United and Chelsea may be frustrated to hear that Jordan Pickford has agreed on a contract extension with Everton. The goalkeeper was Tottenham’s top target for the summer to replace Hugo Lloris but they will now have to turn their attention to alternatives. Pickford has been heavily linked with a move away from the Toffees over the past 12 months, with many feeling that the shot-stopper is capable of playing at a higher level rather than a relegation-battling side. However, the arrival of Sean Dyche in the Goodison Park dugout appears to have prompted the 27-year-old into having a change of heart. The former Burnley boss revealed: “He’s a very good player, we know that. A good servant to this football club so far as well and will continue to be that I’m sure. I think it’s a sign he’s enjoying our new regime if you like. He’s accepting what we are looking to offer. He has been a fantastic player so we want him to continue doing that. "Any way we can rub off on him and help him to continue his development will be great if he feels there is stuff. I’m learning about Jordan. He has been very open about himself and how he feels here. He has signed a new deal obviously, or is looking to. We think that one’s nearly there.” READ MORE: Chelsea recommended 'next Didier Drogba' who could ruin Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans The news will spark concern in north London, with Tottenham likely to deem Pickford as unattainable unless Everton are relegated – when the player might push for an exit rather than spend a season in the Championship. Spurs are long-term admirers of Brentford star David Raya, and it is likely that the Spaniard will become of serious interest after Pickford’s change of heart. The 27-year-old is expected to leave the Bees at the end of the season, with the shot-stopper rejecting several contract extension offers recently.  United and Chelsea are both in the race to sign Raya, with both teams looking for a change of face between the sticks. The Red Devils are looking to replace David de Gea in the long term and Raya could be the perfect option. Chelsea are also shopping in the same market as their rivals, with a new goalkeeper on their ever-growing shopping list for the summer, with Edouard Mendy expected to leave the club after falling behind Kepa Arrizabalaga in the pecking order under manager Graham Potter. But Spurs present an extra rival for the Spaniard's signature, and knowing he's probably likely to be the No 1 there quicker than he might at United or Chelsea could give them an advantage in the race.