Liverpool star Stefan Bajcetic earned rave reviews for his performance in the Reds’ Merseyside derby win on Monday night. In fellow youngster Tyler Morton, manager Jurgen Klopp has another starlet who might ease the German’s concerns about the club’s midfield. Bajcetic - who had never played as a No 8 and had only recently been moved from centre-back into midfield - was excellent against Everton. “We are really happy with him, a top boy, really smart and calm,” Klopp beamed about the teenage Spaniard after the 2-0 triumph. “And we put him in a new position. I don’t think he ever played this position before. He came here as a kid as a centre-half, he played for us as a six in a few games and tonight as an eight. He did extremely well.” While Bajcetic has been a surprise star of Liverpool’s otherwise dismal Premier League season, fellow academy star Morton has been performing excellently in the Championship with Blackburn. The 20-year-old made several appearances for Liverpool last season, including starring in the 2-2 classic at Tottenham in December 2021. JUST IN: Liverpool star Robertson's moment vs Everton shows what they've missed But it was decided that the England U20 international should spend a season out on loan to gain experience. He has been impressive in regular appearances for Blackburn in the second-tier, just like current Reds star Harvey Elliott in 2020-21. Often playing in the deeper midfield positions in a 4-2-3-1 formation, Morton’s tough-tackling and range of passing have caught the eye. In 33 appearances across all competitions, Morton has made 1.5 tackles per game and 1.3 key passes per game. His combative style would hep to refresh a Liverpool midfielder that has gone stale. “You can see he’s been in a good school, the Liverpool school, the Jurgen Klopp school – you can see that,” Blackburn head coach John Dahl Tomasson said after a Player of the Match performance in October. “He is enjoying life here at Rovers, I like to see the boy because he’s getting important”. DON'T MISS...Liverpool hero Gerrard makes feelings on Bajcetic clear after victoryLiverpool ace Salah gives view on Pickford error and Nunez problemsLiverpool star Stefan Bajcetic's display vs Everton may anger Man Utd Morton signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool in January and revealed he had been attending games at Anfield. Keeping in touch with his parent could will allow for a seamless transition in the first team next term. "I'm a Liverpool fan and I'm from the area, so it's always going to stay with me," he said. "I still go the games, nothing's changed. It's lovely in a way because I can focus on my footy and Blackburn, but also in the back of my head is Liverpool because it's who I support and the team I love.” And Morton can be sure that he will be given the opportunity to impress Klopp in the summer. With Bajcetic given frequent senior minutes and a midfield overhaul looming, Morton will hope to grab his chance with both hands.