The travel experts at Looking4.com have looked at the top destinations for solo holidaymakers. They examined the crime rate, safety index and TikTok hashtags to find the ideal holiday destination. READ MORE: Millions of Britons may avoid Spain holidays if tourist tax is imposed Munich in Germany took the top spot in the safety rankings, as it had a low crime rate and a lot of interest on TikTok. The city, in Germany’s Bavarian region, is known for its annual Oktoberfest celebration and famous beer halls. Its Old Town, or Altsatdt, attracts thousands of tourists with many stopping to admire the central square, Marienplatz. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “The Marienplatz is wonderful, it’s full of history and lovely to be there.” A popular meeting place, the square is home to one of the largest Glockenspiels in the world. The Glockenspiel in the tower of the New Town Hall is one of Munich’s most popular sites and visitors can see the figures dance daily between 11am and 12pm. In summer, tourists and residents flock to the city’s English Garden, which has a wide range of beer gardens. Tourists can also visit the breathtaking Nymphenburg Palace, BMW museum or shop for supplies at the Viktualienmarkt. READ MORE: Amsterdam to limit red light district and cannabis smoking Zurich was named Europe’s second safest city and Switzerland dominated the rankings with two other cities in the top 10. Tourists might like to visit a cafe on the shores of Lake Zurich or attempt to climb Uetliberg Mountain. Zurich’s Museum of Art is another top attraction while tourists could also see a show at the Opernhaus Zurich. In the city’s Old Town, tourists will find historic churches and squares with plenty of restaurants to sit at and enjoy the view. Although it’s a popular destination, Switzerland is one of Europe’s most expensive countries so Britons on a budget might prefer a trip to Romania which had two cities on the list. Known as the ‘City of Flowers’, Timișoara has plenty of green space and many historical monuments. The Romanian city’s Metropolitan Orthodox Cathedral is renowned for its mosaic roof tiles and icon gallery. Cluj-Napoca is in Romania’s Transylvanian region, an area that King Charles III is known to love.