Dan Walker has been inundated with messages of support as the 5News presenter took to Instagram and showed his facial injuries as a result of a car accident. The former BBC Breakfast presenter was rushed to hospital after he was hit by a car while riding his bike today. The 45-year-old shared two candid shots of his bruised and swollen face as he gave a thumbs up to the camera. The dad-of-three still sported his bloodied shirt as he smiled for the photo and assured his 277,000 followers no bones were broken. In a lengthy message, he penned: "Blown away by all the lovely messages. Thank you. "Just got home from hospital. Battered and bruised but - amazingly - nothing broken. READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages over 'ludicrous' changes to Roald Dahl books "Very thankful to still be here. I have no memory of anything and just remember coming round on the tarmac with paramedics and police around me.   He went on: "Thanks to Conor the copper, Charlotte in x-ray and Hannah (in blue) for being so considerate and brilliant in such a busy AandE. So thankful for our NHS "The helmet I was wearing saved my life today so - if you’re on a bike - get one on your head.  "Smashed my watch and phone, ruined my trousers, my bike is a mess but I’m still here. "Currently eating soup through a straw and being looked after by a gorgeous, furry, tired nurse at the end of the sofa." The broadcaster has been inundated with well wishes from celebrity pals and fans alike. Davina McCall penned: Oh my god xxxx you poor thing. Sending lots of love." DON'T MISS... Alison Hammond's future father-in-law confirms she's engaged[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson aims dig at Brian May amid badger controversy[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden flashes enviable legs in risqué see-through gown[PICTURES]  Julia Bradbury wrote: "Happy to hear you're OK Dan." Strictly's Graziano Di Prima remarked: "Hope you are ok mate." I'm A Celebrity winner Jill Scott said: "Hope your ok." Dan accompanied the health update with a series of pictures including his injured and bloodied hand, as the face of his wristwatch was shattered. The presenter also had a huge hole in his jeans following the accident. The series of shocking images of his bloodied face come he took to Twitter and wrote: "Bit of an accident this morning. Glad to be alive after getting hit by a car on my bike." The Channel 5 presenter added that while his "face is a mess" he doesn't think "anything is broken". Dan also thanked paramedics named Shaun and Jamie as well as a "lovely copper at the scene" for "sorting me out".