Elvis Presley is known for his jumpsuits, firing guns at TVs and eating that special sandwich of his. According to his ex-Linda Thompson, he even had a couple of webbed toes and dyed his blonde hair jet black “for drama”. Now in a new video on his YouTube channel, The King’s cousin Danny Smith, the son of original Memphis Mafia member Billy Smith, has shared five surprising facts about the star that even fans might not know. Speaking on his Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel, Danny said how Elvis and his father Billy were once pulled over by the Memphis police. The King had many vehicles, with plenty on display at Graceland to this day. On this particular occasion, it turns out that the pair were driving a three-wheeler without helmets on. Danny also shared what Elvis’ special nickname was among his Memphis Mafia inner circle and the food The King refused to eat. Elvis was called “Crazy” in private by his Memphis Mafia, presumably for his boyish nature, often being compared to Peter Pan by the Smith family. Danny went on to speak of the famous Elvis sandwich, but clarified: “Elvis did not eat bacon actually on the peanut butter and banana sandwich. It was just the peanut butter and banana.” He added: “Elvis did not like to eat or smell fish.” It’s true, The King couldn’t stand seafood and actually banned it from Graceland regardless of the tastes of his extended family members who lived with him in the mansion. Danny also confirmed a rumour about Elvis’ swimming pool by the Meditation Garden where he is now buried along with his daughter Lisa Marie. READ MORE: Elvis' cousin answers fan questions on growing up with Lisa Marie  Danny said: “When they were doing the construction of the swimming pool at Graceland, they actually kept donkeys in it.” The incident happened when moving into the mansion in 1957 when Elvis had purchased lots of farm animals at his parents’ request. According to Billy himself, the stalls and fences for the donkeys hadn’t been built at the back of the property yet. As a result, his father Travis – Elvis’ uncle and head of security – realised the pool had already been dug. So the asses were lowered into what was an empty space at the time so they couldn’t wander off. WATCH THE VIDEO HERE