Lewis Hamilton is not close to retiring from F1 as the Mercedes star is a “long way off” Fernando Alonso’s age, says Eddie Jordan as he noted that Alonso has long been tipped to retire. The former F1 team boss said there is no need to talk about Hamilton walking away from the sport just yet as talks continue over a new deal. The Irishman believes Hamilton is “still committed” to the sport and has his eyes on an eighth world championship before hanging up the helmet. He told OLGB: “We all thought Fernando Alonso would retire and Lewis is a long way off his age. “I wouldn't be talking about his retirement after hearing him say he will go on until whenever. I think in his mind, he certainly has his luck and financially to retire but he's still committed. “Seven times world champion, I do believe he thinks he has the best chance this coming season to make his championship eight.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton ridiculed for 'dangerous' F1 complaint with FIA Speculation over Hamilton’s future was the hot topic 12 months ago after he missed out on the crown in the final race in 2021. There was also talk Hamilton could walk away after Mercedes struggled to challenge the frontrunners last year. However, the Briton has since reiterated his commitment to remaining at the Silver Arrows for the long term. Last season, he claimed he planned on staying with the team for the “rest of his life”. Team boss Toto Wolff has also stressed Hamilton could remain with the squad forever even after he leaves his driving role. Wolff had claimed a new deal would be sorted over the winter but Hamilton is yet to put pen to paper on any agreement. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton outlines only reason he could ditch Mercedes [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen in a very different situation to Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton makes glum Mercedes confession after Bahrain test [COMMENT] However, Hamilton played down concerns the German manufacturer had to prove itself capable of competing at the front before striking a new partnership. Speaking at Mercedes' launch of the W14, he said: “For the team, no, I don’t feel like I need them to prove [anything] to me. I think we’ve proved time and time again over the years that we have strength in depth. “We still have all these incredibly talented individuals within the team. As I said, you don’t lose that ability. We’re continuing to try to improve our processes, we’re continuing to try to be smarter in how we approach things, and with our communication. “I think there’s the best harmony within the team that I’ve seen in all these years. We’ve got a real, fresh young group of engineers and people that have just come into the team over the past year as well, so it’s an exciting time for the team, and I don’t plan on being anywhere else.”