With bills rising during the cost of living crisis, many people are reluctant to turn on their dryers this winter in order to save money, but one TikToker has the answer that is also “not steep on the bills.” Jen, a British mum who describes herself as "cleaning fairy godmother” has shared on her Tiktok account @cleanwithjen a solution for those struggling to get their laundry dry. Jen said she has four laundry hacks for anyone “struggling” to get their washing dry. She explained the first important step after a laundry cycle is done is to put your washing machine on the "spin cycle". She explained: “Put your wash on a spin cycle to get rid of any excess water.” A spin cycle usually lasts around 10 minutes, and is able to extract moisture from your clothes at the end of washing cycle. Jen also explained that she hangs her clothes, and how you hang them to dry is “essential” if you want your clothes to dry quicker. The cleaning expert explained her method of getting clothes dry using a clothing rack. She said: “On the bottom racks, put your lighter clothes on the inside and the thicker ones on the outside. Do exactly the same on the top with your bigger clothes.”  READ MORE: Six steps to ‘significantly’ save when doing laundry If you are turning your heating on at any point this winter, Jen also has a method “to make the most” out of your heating in order to try your clothes. She said you can make your clothes a “little tent” to trap in the heat and help your clothes dry quickly. Jen explained how she makes a tent to put over her clothing rack. She said: Just grab yourself a big sheet, tuck it into the back of your radiator, and then close in the sides. The cleaning TikToker added that she uses her child’s hair clip to hold her makeshift tent into place. It should be noted that putting a sheet on some radiators could be a fire risk, and in the comments, Jen has said to use a fan instead if you have an electric radiator. For her final tip, Jen said she uses a dehumidifier that helps her clothes. She said: “Lastly, try using a dehumidifier I got mine on Amazon for £30 ($36) and it will suck the moisture out of the air. “  DON'T MISS:Method to wash towels ‘correctly’ to ensure they stay ‘soft’ [REVEAL]Seven steps to ‘properly’ load your dishwasher for ‘better cleaning’ [REPORT]Laundry expert shares six garments to never put in the washing machine [INSIGHT] Some commenters on the TikTok video also had some helpful advice for those trying to dry their washing quickly. One user wrote that while using a washing rack, “spacing out your clothes on the airer makes all the difference too. Need space for the air to circulate to dry the clothes, don’t pile it up!” Jen agreed with the commentator’s tip and replied: “I try to keep a bar between each item and nothing touching.” Someone else had a solution if you are unable to turn on the heating to dry your clothes. They said: “Air flow will help more than heat! I can't turn my central heating on but I get my washing dry with an open window and a fan. No damp and dry in a day. Jen thanked the user for their advice and said she was going to try this method in the future.  