Streakers have invaded the pitch during the last two Super Bowls involving the Kansas City Chiefs and one has earnt a fortune from the stardom it gained her. The Chiefs were part of the 2020 and 2021 Super Bowls with streakers appearing from the crowd on both occasions.  Super Bowl 55 saw the Chiefs beaten by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 31-9 and despite security being tight inside the stadium one fan managed to get himself onto the pitch forcing a stoppage in play. The fan dressed in a pink leotard was cheered by fans as he entered the field of play before being tackled to the ground by security. The previous year the Chiefs were also in involved at Super Bowl 54 when they came out 31-20 victors against the San Francisco 49ers when once again a streaker intervened grabbing her moment in the spotlight. That streaker was Instagram influencer Kelly Kay who cashed in on her becoming a viral sensation when her glamorous mugshot was released by police. Speaking to the New York Times, she said: “All of a sudden, I wasn’t just the hot girl or the girl that ran on the field. I was a hot Instagram influencer that ran on the field and had worldwide attention. I saw an opportunity to capitalize, and I saw the power of virality. I genuinely don’t know why people are so intrigued by it.” READ MORE: Super Bowl streaker: Bucs vs Chiefs fourth quarter stoppage as fan gets on to pitch   Once released from spending a night in the cells for her streaking attempt Kay capitalised on her Instagram account attracting over 730,000 followers and created an OnlyFans page. She is now worth £3.7million and lives the life of a celebrity travelling around the world posing for glamorous modelling shoots in exotic locations. However, her fame did come at a small cost as the model hurt herself while attempting to reach the field of play. Speaking to TMZ back in 2020, Kay said she was left with some serious bruising on both her arms and was kept in a freezing cold cell for eight hours in the after her streaking attempt. DON'T MISS:   "What people don't know is I didn't just hop onto the field, there's like a 10-foot ledge," Kay told TMZ. "So I had to back up the stairs and I ran and catapulted myself off this 10-foot wall and I'm 5ft2, I'm tiny. So I stepped and jumped and I thought I was going to land and take off running onto the field. "I had so much adrenaline going that I don't even remember being tackled. My thoughts were just 'damn, they got me.' It did hurt and I have bruises from like everything afterwards." When Kansas City Chiefs take on Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday night streakers will again be looking for their moment of fame. 