VAR had a Saturday to forget amid relentless criticism over decisions across the Premier League. Some are labelling the matchday the 'worst ever' for the league's referees after a string of result-altering mistakes that Stockley Park either allowed or opted against overturning. There were also debatable on-field decisions that the respective video assistants couldn't intervene with... Bryan Mbeumo's opener at Arsenal was controversially ruled out after referee Peter Bankes blew the whistle for a foul on William Saliba before he put the ball in the net. Replays showed a strong case for the argument that Saliba slipped; therefore, Brentford's goal should've stood and likely would've if Bankes' whistle came after he scored. Wolves midfielder Mario Lemina was also handed a second yellow card and sent off in the 2-1 win at Southampton, despite being the third player to protest a foul. But away from the pitch, Express Sport looks at the four controversial calls for which those at Stockley Park are receiving criticism en masse. JUST IN: Man Utd takeover update as 'most likely suitors' receive UEFA backing  Chelsea thought they were denied a stonewall penalty in the dying embers of their 1-1 draw at West Ham United. Tomas Soucek seemingly blocked Conor Gallagher's goal-bound shot with his hand just moments after VAR correctly ruled out his winner for offside. Chelsea fans were left furious after Craig Pawson waved off the claims, and VAR agreed with the referee's decision. The PGMOL have since come out to argue Soucek's hand was breaking his fall and, therefore, it wasn't an illegal use. But there is a sense it likely wouldn't have been overturned had Pawson awarded a potentially match-winning spot-kick. DON'T MISS Jurgen Klopp 'furious' with ex-Liverpool star as 'alarm bells ringing'Premier League explain reason for Chelsea's penalty denial vs West HamChelsea still fuming at Tomas Soucek handball in West Ham draw Though Mbeumo's goal was harsh not to stand, Brentford were somewhat repaid with a controversial equaliser to extend their unbeaten run at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal were 1-0 up when Ivan Toney fired the Bees level, landing a significant blow to Mikel Arteta's side's title hopes. VAR checked the goal and allowed it to stand, having judged that Ethan Pinnock hadn't fouled Gabriel Magalhaes in the build-up. But new reports claim video assistant Lee mason forgot to draw a line on Christian Norgaard, who was in an offside position when he teed up Toney. The decision has been confirmed as a human error and a potentially costly one at that. Tottenham Hotspur were thrashed 4-1 at Leicester City, but the result ultimately could've been far worse. Harvey Barnes netted the Foxes' fourth on two occasions, but the first was chalked off after a VAR review deemed him offside. VAR drew lines to show Barnes was slightly ahead of Eric Dier when receiving the ball. However, it seemed to discount Ben Davies behind Dier, who was further ahead and playing Barnes onside. The decision ultimately didn't cost Leicester, but it was another worrying moment on a disastrous day for officiating. Brighton and Hove Albion were held to a draw by Crystal Palace on derby day at Selhurst Park but would've felt robbed of all three points. Victor Estupinan thought he had opened the scoring in the first half, but his goal was overruled for a supposed offside. However, like the Barnes incident, VAR identified the wrong Palace player as the last man, wrongly calling it offside. The PGMOL has since apologised to Brighton for another 'human error', costing Roberto De Zerbi's side two points in their quest for European football. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here