The family of a BBC journalist is to apologise to the people of Grenada where ancestors had more than 1,000 slaves. Laura Trevelyan's family owned six sugar plantations in the nineteenth century. The BBC news journalist, who is based in New York, visited the Caribbean island last year, expressing shock that her ancestors were compensated by the British Government when slavery was abolished in 1833 but African slaves who had been freed received nothing. Ms Trevelyan said in 1834 her ancestors received around £34,000 for loss of "property" on Grenada, about £3million in today's money. Speaking in a personal capacity, she told the BBC: "It was really horrific. I saw for myself the plantations where slaves were punished, when I saw the instruments of torture that were used to restrain them. "I felt ashamed and I also felt that it was my duty. You can't repair the past, but you can acknowledge the pain." She added that seven family members would travel to Grenada later this month to issue a public apology. The Trevelyan family is reportedly giving £100,000 ($120,000) to set up an economic development fund on the island. Ms Trevelyan said: "For me to be giving £100,000 almost 200 years later, maybe that seems like really inadequate. "But I hope that we're setting an example by apologising for what our ancestors did." READ ABOUT AMERICANS TURNING THEIR BACKS ON THE SUSSEXES The gesture has been described as commendable by the Grenada National Reparations Commission. It comes after the Church of England announced it is to pay £100million in compensation for its "shameful" links to slavery in 1704. The countries affected will receive the money over the next nine years as Lambeth Palace seeks to "address past wrongs". The fund follows a Church Commissioners 2022 interim report examining the origins of its investments. DON'T MISS: Five possible theories behind missing Nicola Bulley's disappearance [REVEALED] Nicola Bulley's family and friends hurt by 'vile' online theories [LATEST] Key Nicola Bulley witness comes forward as police announce new twist [REPORT] It found the Queen Anne’s Bounty, a financial scheme set up in the 18th century, was linked to transatlantic chattel slavery. This is the enslavement of human beings and their children as property. Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, the chairman of the Church Commissioners, repeated his apology for any historic ties to slavery, saying: "I am deeply sorry for these links. It is now time to take action to address our shameful past. "It’s hard to do this at a time when resources in many parishes are so stretched, but by acting rightly, we open ourselves to the blessing of God." The Church said £100million will be spent "investing for a better and fairer future for all, particularly for communities affected by historic slavery". In December, a journalist and campaigner urged the Government and Buckingham Palace to work together to put right the Royal Family's links to the slave trade. Lester Holloway told Times radio: "King Charles has actually got a decent record when it comes to supporting black organisations and individuals, not just through The Prince's Trust but through his support of for example the Race at Work project amongst others. "This now needs to be followed through in his role as King. Ultimately what I will be looking for is movement on the issue of a genuine apology for enslavement and a move towards reparations. "That's got to come from Government but actually the Royal Family bears some responsibility as well because those atrocities and genocide were carried out in the name of the Royal Family. "King Charles can play an important role behind the scenes, perhaps even towards a joint statement between the monarchy and Government."