Riot shields were deployed as Paris Saint-Germain stars Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappe shone in Le Classique against Marseille. The reigning French champions stormed into an early lead against their biggest rivals, whose team featured former Manchester United and Arsenal players Alexis Sanchez, Eric Bailly, Matteo Guendouzi, Sead Kolasinac and Nuno Tavares. Mbappe gave PSG the lead before playing a sumptuous pass to strike partner Messi to score a second goal. Messi ran to the corner with Mbappe and the rest of their team-mates to celebrate the goal. In slightly bizarre scenes, their celebrations were surrounded by the deployment of security guards holding riot shields. As the PSG players congratulated the Argentinian icon on his goal, at least three individuals could be seen running onto the pitch with protective equipment. It appeared that they were preventing PSG's players from being hit by missiles thrown from an increasingly hostile Marseille crowd. At least a couple of objects could be seen being tossed onto the pitch, although it was limited to pint cups and tissue. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter gives reaction to Spurs loss - 'Not good enough' None of the players were hit by any of the missiles and continued their celebrations peacefully. They did not appear to aggravate the Marseille fans and soon returned to their own half. The riot police were also seen earlier in the game trying to protect PSG players when they were taking throw-ins. Le Classique is a long-standing rivalry between France's most decorated clubs, with tensions sometimes boiling over when they meet in Ligue 1. PSG stormed into the lead at Stade Velodrome, keen to extend their lead at the top of the table. Mbappe put the Parisians ahead in the 25th minute before teeing up his World Cup final nemesis Messi four minutes later. DON'T MISS...Nicklas Bendtner dated manager's daughter after being told offChelsea's stance on sacking Graham Potter after Tottenham lossTottenham vs Chelsea erupts into red card chaos as Ziyech in VAR storm  Marseille's team features several very recognisable faces to Premier League fans. Former Man Utd and Arsenal star Sanchez leads their line having enjoyed a resurrection after disappointing spells at Old Trafford and Inter Milan. The Olympians also have former Arsenal players Guendouzi and Kolasinac, while left-back Tavares is on loan from the Gunners. The latter played in an unfamiliar role at right-wing-back to help United loanee Bailly cope with Mbappe. But the tactic failed to work as the France ace scored and assisted inside the opening 30 minutes. Messi and Mbappe have now scored a remarkable 45 goals between them across all competitions this season.