Al-Nassr are targeting more big name stars in the summer transfer window to join Cristiano Ronaldo in the Middle East. The Saudi Arabian giants are currently top of the Pro League after acquiring the services of five-time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo in January following the mutual termination of his Manchester United contract. Yet there is hope in Riyadh that Ronaldo's blockbuster arrival could be the start of things to come for Rudi Garcia's side. Current Pro League rules state that clubs in the Saudi top-flight can only formally register seven foreign players but that could soon reportedly change. It's understood that Pro League officials are keen to up the figure to eight in a bid to increase the quality and status of football in Saudi Arabia. That could spell good news for Ronaldo, who is determined to write more chapters in his career in the Middle East while also being a trailblazer for the much anticipated rise of Saudi Arabian football. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised Al-Nassr are already working on the possible signings of a host of marquee names, although they would need to make room within their current squad in order to register new faces from overseas. Everton goalkeeper Asmir Begovic was reportedly the subject of a January bid that was rejected by the Toffees. Yet the Bosnian shot-stopper will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season when his current deal at Goodison Park is due to expire. The Evening Standard are also reporting that Wilfried Zaha is of strong interest to Al-Nassr with the Ivorian winger expected to leave Crystal Palace at the end of the season. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light There are also a host of other Saudi Arabian sides interested in acquiring Zaha should he be willing to turn his back on the Premier League or Europe, where there is said to be interest from AC Milan and Borussia Dortmund. It's no secret that Al-Nassr are also hot in pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets, who will also be a free agent at the end of the campaign. They face strong competition from Inter Miami. Back in January, media reports in Saudi Arabia also speculated that Sergio Ramos and Luka Modric were two of the high-profile names on Al-Nassr's radar. Both players previously played with Ronaldo at Real Madrid where they won multiple trophies together under the likes of Jose Mourinho, Carlo Ancelotti and Zinedine Zidane, respectively. The prospect of landing either player would help elevate the Saudi Pro League to new heights by increasing the numbers of eyes of the division. Al-Nassr are seemingly prepared to pay the eye-watering figures that would be required to entice such established players into the move. But once again, the club would have to successfully navigate the difficulties they would face with registering foreign players. Star striker Vincent Aboubakar had to make way from the squad in order to Al-Nassr to sign Ronaldo as he returned to Besiktas following the mutual termination of his contract. Ronaldo is said to have tried and convinced him to stay but unfortunately, there will be more difficult goodbyes ahead if Al-Nassr want to continue signing big-name stars.