Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has questioned whether Erling Haaland "picked the wrong club" in the summer by joining Pep Guardiola's Manchester City after their 1-0 defeat to Tottenham on Sunday. Harry Kane got the only goal of the game as City missed an opportunity to close the gap to Premier League leaders Arsenal, as the Gunners lost away to Everton on Saturday. Haaland failed to have either a shot on target or a touch in the Tottenham box as he struggled to make an impact against a compact Spurs, prompting Carragher to argue that the Norwegian's style of play does not suit the rest of the squad and Guardiola. "He might have picked the wrong club to get the best out of him," Carragher told Sky Sports after City's defeat to Spurs. "You are laughing but we are not seeing everything from Erling Haaland at Manchester City. Not because of Erling Haaland. "We can say they are a different team, but they have scored exactly the same amount of goals. He has scored 25 Premier League goals but Man City as a team have scored the same amount of goals, but they have conceded more. "It's far easier to counter-attack them as well. They are a different team and a lesser team with Erling Haaland, but again it's not his fault. Manchester City as a team will not play end-to-end football, it's not Pep Guardiola's way. "His players don't have the energy, or the power or pace to play end-to-end, they build up slowly and they push the opposition back to the edge of the box and they play from there, when they lose it they win it back quickly. They keep people penned in. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed  "Haaland will still score 25 league goals and a lot of those is coming from a cross that you are putting in. But we are not seeing the full package of what this player can do because of the team that he has actually gone to." Haaland had the pick of clubs to choose from when he moved to Manchester City last summer, having opted to leave Borussia Dortmund and turned down the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester United in order to play under Guardiola. Manchester City have had huge success in recent years with Guardiola opting for a false nine system that saw the likes of Phil Foden, Kevin De Bruyne and Bernardo Silva among others play centrally and overload teams in possession. 