Liverpool have been told that failing to qualify for the Champions League this season will not be an issue in their pursuit of Jude Bellingham. The Borussia Dortmund star is top of the Reds’ shopping list for the summer, with Jurgen Klopp keen to make use of his ties with his former club. Liverpool face an uphill battle if they are to finish in the top four, with the team looking like a shadow of their former selves. Key players, such as Mohamed Salah and Virgil van Dijk, have had very little influence on proceedings, with the club appearing in desperate need of investment generally. Klopp’s midfield ranks, in particular, have struggled and are likely to be replaced at the end of the season. Liverpool are long-term admirers of Bellingham and the England international is seen as the ideal candidate to spearhead their revival despite his significant price tag. Though with Manchester City and Real Madrid also keen on the former Birmingham City star, it was felt that the playmaker may not be willing to sacrifice Champions League football to head to Anfield rather than other interested clubs. Though BILD journalist Christian Falk has revealed to CaughtOffside that it is not a ‘dealbreaker’ for the teenager. He explained: “I heard that Jude Bellingham is keeping a very close eye on what Liverpool are doing at the moment. I’ve been told nobody should think he’s a player that wouldn’t go to Liverpool because of the difficult situation they’re in. “It’s the other way around – he’s actually the kind of guy who would love to go to a club where he can change their fortunes. At Liverpool, he sees that the club is in need of him and that he can build something there, so that’s why the side remains an interesting option for him. “As you see in the Premier League, they’re not massively far away from the Champions League places but it’s important to note that Champions League qualification isn’t a deal-breaker for Bellingham. Of course, it wouldn’t hurt Liverpool’s chances!” Klopp will not be content with simply welcoming Bellingham alone over the summer though, with Liverpool keeping tabs on Chelsea star Mason Mount and Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes amongst others. Brighton's Moises Caicedo is also admired in Merseyside, though numerous clubs are keen on the Ecuador international as well which could spark a bidding war for his services.