The fourth season of the science-fiction drama, Stranger Things was streamed by millions of fans around the world when it released its two action-packed instalments last year. The highly anticipated fifth season of the horror-drama series won’t be on Netflix anytime soon, however, after star Finn Wolfhard implied it won't be ready for at least another 18 months. In a GQ YouTube video where the star went undercover online to reply to fans’ social media comments about himself, he hinted when viewers could expect to see the next instalment of the hit show Stranger Things. One comment that Wolfhard replied to was by @you_should_watch_ who commented on Instagram: "I can't believe s5 will be the final season.” In response, Wolfhard said: “I can’t really believe that it’s the fifth season either. By the time it comes out, I will be 22, I think, and I started working on the show at 12.” The actor will turn 22 on December 23, 2024, meaning that unless fans are either going to get a Christmas 2024 release or the show won't premiere till 2025. READ MORE: John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts But the musician also touched on the fact that the actors have “zero control” over release dates in general. After the huge success of season four, despite the long lay-off following season three, Netflix is in no rush to get season five out, as it is well aware of fans' reaction to the last long wait for a premiere. The 20-year-old then joked that: “Netflix will want us to come back in 10 years to do Stranger Things: The Adult Years, or whatever.” It has been discussed that there could be a spin-off of the popular sci-fi show meaning the franchise could still have a long life ahead. In season four, fans were told the story of the origins of The Upside Down, coming face-to-face with Vecna (played by Jamie Campbell Bower). After Vecna almost took the life of Maxine (Sadie Sink), the crew did all in their power to take Vecna down. The Hellfire club would need more than Kate Bush’s song “Running Up That Hill” to save them from Vecna’s plan to create several wormholes and attack the real world. Season four ended on a cliffhanger with the fictional town of Hawkins, finally being fully exposed to the Upside Down, with Vecna planning his next move for world domination. DON'T MISSThe Late Late Show with James Corden's replacement confirmedPower Book 2 Ghost season 3 confirms return of original cast memberThe Masked Singer USA announces series 9 elimination twist As for what to expect during the finale season of Stranger Things, creators The Duffer Brothers have given very little away. Although, the pair admitted that season five is unlikely to introduce any new characters, given it's the final chapter. They explained: “We’re doing our best to resist [new characters] for season five. We’re trying not to do that so we can focus on the OG characters, I guess.” They also announced that the idea for the ending was first thought of during the writing of season two, but it has been saved for the season finale. Netflix has released the name of episode one which will be called “The Crawl”, which has led viewers to speculate what the town of Hawkins could expect. Series creators Matt and Ross Duffer previously told Tudum that they wrote a 25-page mythology document for Netflix back in season one that delves into the mythology and lore of the Upside Down. Matt said: “We were like, ‘We know what’s going on in the Upside Down, more or less, but we want it to be unknowable. We want it to be mysterious.'" Fans will see Will (Schnapp), Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown), Mike (Finn Wolfhard) and the rest of The Hellfire Club fighting their final battle to save Hawkins. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.  