Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's attendance reportedly remains out of the hands of the King, and it is actually all down to Rishi Sunak and his senior ministers within the currrent Conservative Government, a royal expert has claimed. The big day is in 12 weeks' time and invites are yet to be sent out. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "I'm going to be surprised if they don’t get an invitation. "Ultimately, it is down to the Government. "So [it is] Rishi Sunak and his senior ministers who are going to have to explain who has been invited and who hasn’t been invited and why." Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, he added: "It is imminent though as invitations will be going out really soon." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Relieved' Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about attacking Firm Mr Palmer also added that he would "surprised" if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex did not receive an invite. Speaking later about when an invitation could be expected, he added that Mr Sunak will "have to bite the bullet" sooner or later with a "decision very soon". Earlier this week, Charles was spotted greeting some wellwishers and students, whilst out on a royal engagement in East London. As the King made his way round the wellwishers, one man shouted: “Bring back Harry please, can you please bring him back please, Sir?” In response, clearly not having heard who the man was talking about, said back: “Who?”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's claim Kate wasn't a 'hugger' debunked in series of royal visits The man was then heard replying, “Harry, your son”. Realising what the man said, Charles nervously retorted to saying "it would be nice” before moving on. Harry's pending attendance has caused some criticism following his latest claims in his memoir, titled Spare, which was released last month. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Relieved' Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about attacking Firm [LIVE BLOG]King's Coronation Concert tickets up for grabs - all the details [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'will never redeem himself in American society' [REVEAL] The book, in which Harry tells his own story, makes some serious allegations, directed towards members of the Royal Family, in particular his father, elder brother and stepmother. The Coronation will take place over three days between May 6 and 8, and is expected to draw attention from royal fans all across the globe. The date of the Coronation, May 6, also marks Harry and Meghan's young son, Archie's fourth birthday.