Tottenham will reportedly have to cope without Rodrigo Bentancur until the start of next season after a third injury blow in a matter of days. The Uruguayan has been central to Antonio Conte's team this season, establishing himself as one of the first names on the team sheet. He only just returned from an injury lay-off last month and scored the opener against Leicester at the weekend with an instinctive finish from close range. But Spurs capitulated towards the end of the first half, conceding three goals, with their woes compounded when Bentancur went down clutching his left leg. The midfielder was chasing down Nampalys Mendy when he appeared to lock his left knee, falling to the ground in agony. Bentancur limped off the pitch with his team-mates attempting to comfort him. And it looks as though he will play no further part in Tottenham's attempts to finish inside the top four this season. According to the Evening Standard, Bentancur will be out of action until 'August at the earliest'.  It's reported that Bentancur has suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury with Conte now growing short of options in midfield. Bentancur's injury setback comes just days after Yves Bissouma underwent surgery for a stress fracture in his left ankle. No timeframe has been set on the 26-year-old's potential return as of yet, but it leaves Tottenham without two star midfielders for the foreseeable future. Tottenham are also without skipper Hugo Lloris until the start of April after sustaining a knee injury in the win over Manchester City.  Fraser Forster filled in for Lloris at the weekend, but had a game to forget against Leicester. But it's in midfield where Tottenham could be most stretched following injuries to both Bissouma and Bentancur. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Pape Matar Sarr and Oliver Skipp are now the only recognised midfielders in Tottenham's squad. Sarr came on for the injured Bentancur against Leicester for what was just his fourth Premier League appearance of the season. The defeat also leaves Tottenham in fifth in the table with several sides below them closing in. Fulham and Brighton are now just four points adrift of Tottenham while Chelsea and Liverpool are also looking up to the European spots.