Manchester United are unlikely to make any decision on the future of Mason Greenwood until the end of the season as the forward patiently awaits the chance to return to action. The England international has not featured for the Red Devils since January 2022 following his initial arrest. The Crown Prosecution Service dropped all charges earlier this month.  Greenwood remains suspended indefinitely by United as they conduct their own formal process before making their next move. United are fully aware of the potential implications of Greenwood's return which is why they are taking their time to make their final decision. With United flying on the field, Erik ten Hag is fully focused on the business end of the season. Express Sport provides you with the latest developments regarding the future of Greenwood... READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Greenwood's reaction to Ten Hag phone call The Sun report that Ten Hag recently went out of his way to call Greenwood and touch base following the decision from the CPS. The Dutchman is said to have told Greenwood that any decision on his future rests firmly with club officials. Greenwood is also understood to have appreciated the call after going through a difficult time. The 21-year-old maintains his innocence and still denies any wrongdoing. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Women players 'disturbed' by clips The Times are reporting that Manchester United's women's players could yet have a say on Greenwood's future. That's because some of them have apparently been left 'disturbed' by clips that emerged on social media. Members of the team may therefore object to the prospect of the player returning to Carrington, something reported by both The Times and The Athletic. It's the kind of uncomfortable situation that is likely to play a big part in United's decision-making process. Sponsors 'concerned' The Times are also reporting that some of United's commercial partners are 'concerned' about the prospect of Greenwood returning to action. At the time of his arrest, United's official partner Cadbury said Greenwood would not be used in any marketing products "while allegations were being investigated." There has since been no update on their position but Greenwood's own personal collaboration with Nike has since come to an end. Nike have already confirmed they are no longer working with the 21-year-old, although they remain in his Instagram bio. DHL also released a statement following Greenwood's arrest as they continue to monitor the situation with caution.