Absent Tottenham boss Antonio Conte had a special message for Harry Kane after missing the striker break the club's goalscoring record in the 1-0 victory over Manchester City on Sunday. Conte is in Italy recovering from surgery after having his gallbladder removed. But he will have been watching on TV as Kane's first-half strike saw his side triumph over City and also led to him overtaking Jimmy Greaves as Spurs' all-time top scorer with an extraordinary 267 goals in total. Conte spoke on the phone to assistant Cristian Stellini after the match. And cameras after the game also captured Kane having a quick word with his manager. Kane can be heard saying: "How are you doing boss, are you ok?" Conte replies: "You make me proud. You make the Spurs fans proud." Kane then says: "Ah, thank you", before the conversation switched back to the Sky Sports studios. Kane was mobbed by his teammates after giving an emotional speech to supporters inside the stadium following full-time. And Stellini was full of praise for the England captain, who will now have his eye on Alan Shearer's record as the Premier League's top scorer of all-time. "An incredible achievement," Stellini said. "He is 30, he has time to do many things. He has the skills to score again, again and again. When you look at him you can feel football in every moment in his life." "Absolutely a great performance for all the team and all the staff. We knew it was a tough week without Antonio. Everyone forced themselves to another level. We are happy for them, for the club, for Harry and for Antonio as well. "Antonio is far from us and he is not very well at the moment. He had to stay away from the game and stay calm but I’ve just spoken to him and he is very happy." Speaking to BBC Match of the Day, Kane himself added: "My first ever Spurs goal was against Shamrock Rovers a long, long time ago, away from home. Special memories to score the first one and now to be here on 267. “When you look at the names who have been here, to overtake Jimmy Greaves – one of the greatest to play the game – I'm extremely grateful. "The years go by so quick so I try to take it all in. Not sure I’ve done that yet but my friends and family were here so it was a special time to do it."