It’s now been two weeks since Nicola Bulley went missing whilst walking her dog in St Michaels on Wyre, Lancashire. Speaking on Thursday’s Loose Women, Denise Welch addressed the increase in theories over what has happened to the mum-of-two online. She slammed the public for speculating over Nicola’s disappearance before giving her own opinion on the investigation. Speaking to the Loose Women panel, Denise began: “This is the problem, we’ve created globally all of these armchair detectives. “And I am partly responsible because I’ve made no bones of the fact that in my mind I’m the Crime Minister. “You know I’m obsessed with true life crime. “When I was young and you had the news at 6pm and a couple of newspapers, all of these things went on and you didn’t know very much about it.” READ MORE: Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' Denise continued: “But now we see it played out in real life and Lincoln and I are responsible for it because we know now, well we think we know, a lot about forensics." The panellist added she was “guilty” of speculating about Nicola’s disappearance, admitting she was “screaming at the television” as she watched a report on the missing mum. She commented: “‘Why are people walking along that area? That should still be a crime scene. That should still be evidence.’ “Then I thought hang on a minute, there’s obviously a reason why they haven’t kept that. “But you think that you know because you watch so many crime shows." Those tuning in took to Twitter to slam Denise’s speculation with many claiming it made them “uncomfortable”. Leanne Thomas posted: “Also there has to be some speculation; how is Nicola going to be found if theories are being ruled out because they make people uncomfortable to consider #LooseWomen.” Matthew Hayes shared: “ITV daytime are loving this. #ThisMorning has now got people reporting Live from the spot where she went missing. DON'T MISS...Nicola Bulley 'abandoned house' theory trashed by friend  [LATEST]Police identify critical two hours after Nicola Bulley disappearance [UPDATE]Police told to search for Nicola Bulley in part of river teen vanished [INSIGHT] “#LooseWomen will be next, Conspiracy nutcase Denise Welch on a dinghy in the middle of the river questioning “Does Nicola Bulley even exist?”. #NicolaBulley.” Sullivan asked: “Why are loose women allowed to talk about it and we're not #LooseWomen.” Mr Opinionated tweeted: “You are just adding to the speculation by talking about it #LooseWomen.” It comes after This Morning invited former undercover detective in the Met Police, Peter Bleksley, onto the show to talk about the investigation. Peter said he feels Fitbit data could be “key” to help locate Nicola. He told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: “Many of the more expensive Fitbit models are waterproof to a depth of 50m.Now, let me just hypothesise for a moment here please, as opposed to speculate. “Say for example, I was wearing a FitBit and I was sitting here for the minutes while this conversation is going ahead. “That FitBit would show that I was static, I wasn’t moving. If after some minutes being still, get up and take just a few steps to walk off set, before perhaps becoming static again, those few steps would be synced, if it was synced to a phone or an iCloud. “It’s pretty precise data so if the police say they have looked at the FitBit data which they have, and they have FitBit data that might support their theory Nicola has gone into the water, I really don’t think it’s unreasonable to make that public.” Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV from 12.30pm.