Each local council can choose how much it hikes its rates but most councils are expected to increase council tax by the full five percent, the maximum they can increase rates without a referendum. The rules recently changed as previously councils could increase rates by a maximum of three percent. Government figures show the average bill for a band D Council Tax set by local authorities in England for the 2022/23 tax year is around £1,966 a year. The average council tax for a household across all bands in the current financial year is £1,493 a year. A five percent increase would mean the bills for the average band D property would go up by £98 a year while the average household overall would pay £75 more a year. Council tax is usually paid in 10 monthly payments. Many local councils have set out their plans for increasing council tax bills. READ MORE: Thousands to get £50 payment towards heating bills over coming weeks London Mayor Sadiq Khan has set out plans to raise his precept, which is a separate amount that the mayor can add onto all Londoners’ council tax bills, by just under 10 percent. Other areas of the capital will also increase their bills alongside the mayor's precept, including:  If a person is struggling to pay their tax bill, they can contact their council to talk about their situation. This is important as if a person fails to pay their bills they will be classed as ‘in arrears’. People in this situation can be taken to court by the council and face additional court costs on top of their bill. The council may be able to arrange for the person to pay their bill in smaller, more manageable amounts. READ MORE: Premium Bonds saver dispels common myth as she wins £1,050 in February draw Citizens Advice has a budgeting tool a person can use to work out how much of their income they can afford to spend on their council tax bill each month. Hard-up Britons may also want to check if they can get a discount on their council tax bill as a person may not have to pay anything at all. People who live alone are entitled to a 25 percent discount while some people are counted as ‘disregarded’ when the council tax rate or a property is calculated. If all those who live in a property are disregarded, the bill will be reduced by 50 percent. There will be no bill at all if a student or severely mentally ill person lives in the home. These categories are classed as disregarded: