Adele has been plagued by back issues for years, but one of the discs in her spine has now completely "worn away". The 34-year-old Easy On Me singer found her recent shows anything but easy after discovering that her L5 vertebra had disintegrated. "Is anyone else kind of my age starting getting bad knees?" the woeful star asked of her audience at the Colosseum at Caesar's Palace. Damage to the L5 vertebra causes numbness and weakness in the legs, which has left her struggling to walk. Tearful Adele lamented: "I have got really bad sciatica in my left leg and my L5 disc is not f*****g there anymore. It’s worn away." She had previously admitted to the audience that her back issues were so bad, she was being forced to "waddle" around on stage. READ NOW: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies According to the NHS website, sciatica is most commonly caused by a slipped disc which compresses the sciatic nerve, and it causes intense shooting pain that flows from the lower back all the way down to the feet. Sufferers typically recover within around six weeks but Adele hasn't been so lucky - and in fact, her issues have dogged her for almost 20 years. She slipped her first disc due to sneezing aggressively at the age of 15 - and it was the same way that subsequent discs "flew out". By the time she had a C-section to give birth to son Angelo, now 10, her core had become "useless". "I’ve been in pain with [it] for, like, half of my life, really," she agonised to The Face. "It flares up, normally due to stress or from a stupid bit of posture." The pain made it difficult for her to get around the stage to hand out T-shirt launchers recently. Meanwhile, she was reduced to tears not just from battling the chronic pain, but also from the emotional stories that have been unfolding in the audience, thanks to her fans. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INTERVIEW] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [LATEST]  One man held up his phone with a photo of his late wife on it, which set Adele off instantly - and she dedicated Someone Like You to him. "When I walk through the crowd, I wish you could see what I can see. "I know I talk to a few people every night, but then I just see little stories of people happening," she announced through her mic. "There was a man, he's just there, holding his phone up. I think that's his wife on the phone, and I don't think she's here, and it just really moved me," the songstress admitted. "I'm so sorry for your loss, and I didn't realise what you were showing me until I was over here," she continued. "I see these little pockets of people's lives as I walk through and it's so beautiful." Adele has soldiered on despite the pain as she continues her Las Vegas dates, which began in November, and are set to earn her millions. Meanwhile, she also shared her emotional angst of the recent past with audiences, admitting that when she split up with her child's father, Simon Konecki, she initially went through therapy "five times a day".