Anyone who participates in the National Grid Flexibility Service could get up to £20 off their energy bills. Since October 2022, households with typical energy usage have had to deal with an unprecedented 27 percent increase to their gas and electricity costs. Households who qualify to take part are encouraged to slash their energy usage to relieve the pressure on suppliers during winter. The cost of living crisis is continuing to place a great deal of financial pressure on working families, with rising energy costs and inflation being the primary pressures. Due to this, people are turning to cost saving measures such as the National Grid’s latest initiative to get by. During certain hours in the evening, households will be asked to cut their energy usage to avoid potential blackouts and cut costs. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come In return, families can get up to £20 if they achieve this during the allotted time. For example, National Grid ran the Demand Flexibility Service event on January 31, 2023, between 5:30 and 6:30pm. Energy suppliers need to be part of the scheme for households to qualify for this £20 energy bill discount. Furthermore, each home needs to have a smart meter installed to be included in the National Grid’s Demand Flexibility Service. On its website, Energy Saving Trust outlined why the scheme is only available to households which have a smart meter installed. The organisation explained: “The scheme is only open to homes with a smart meter. “If you don’t have one, you can get in touch with your energy supplier to get one installed, but this might take longer than the duration of this current four-month scheme. “Regardless of this, if you don’t already have a smart meter, we’d advise you to get one anyway. “Smart meters make it easier to monitor your energy use, and this can save you money, plus you’ll be ready to take part in any future trials and schemes.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Here is a full list of the energy suppliers which are taking part in the National Grid’s money saving scheme: Martyn Allen, the technical director of Electrical Safety First, shared advice for those looking to join in on the energy and money saving endeavour. He explained: “Households will understandably be considering all their options during a financially challenging time, yet it is essential that anyone considering using appliances at night do all they can to mitigate their risk of a fire with a few simple spot checks. “Ensure your appliances are not subject to a recall, that cables are not damaged and that filters are regularly emptied to reduce a build up of lint. “Finally, ensure you have a working smoke alarm on every floor in your house, it could save your life.”