The Brooklyn Nets have agreed a deal with the Dallas Mavericks to trade All-Star guard Kyrie Irving, according to Shams Charania of The Athletic. Irving requested a trade on Friday night and demanded to be dealt by the team before next Friday's deadline. Irving had been heavily linked with a move to the Los Angeles Lakers, a move LeBron James was keen on. The Lakers were at one point believed to be frontrunners to secure a deal with the Nets. However, they reportedly had reservations over offering him a four-year deal in the region of Irving's reported demands. The 30-year-old was believed to want a contract worth $198.5million this summer, but the Lakers were only willing to offer him a two-year deal. Parting ways with Russell Westbrook and draft picks for a player who could leave in the summer in free agency was seemingly deemed a risk too grand to take for the Lakers, who will now likely scramble around to make a deal elsewhere before Friday's deadline. The Mavericks have been desperate to provide All-Star Luka Doncic with some top-class team-mates to support a run at the NBA title, and Irving's acquisition represents that. The Mavs are sending their 2029 first-round draft pick - unrestricted - as well as a 2027 second-round pick, a 2029 second round-pick, Spencer Dinwiddie and Dorian Finney-Smith. The Nets are also sending Markieffe Morris to the Mavericks. A deal with the Lakers was apparently discussed by the two franchises, but ultimately the Nets decided they liked the package offered by the Mavericks too much to say no to. The Mavericks' trade package allowed the Nets to secure two players they can use in their system immediately so as to not completely derail their season. A big question mark will now loom over what the franchise does with Kevin Durant. The two-time NBA Finals MVP requested a trade last summer after Irving didn't get offered a new deal, and could now look to move to follow his friend out of the Nets. Durant is under contract until 2026, meaning the Nets have absolutely no obligation to move him any time soon. However, if the organisation decides to do a factory reset on the roster, his four-year $194m contract could be viewed as a good opportunity to free up cap space.