Jeremy Corbyn would have engaged with Vladimir Putin "early on" during the Ukraine conflict to bring about a ceasefire if he was Prime Minister. The former Labour Leader, who was asked by a journalist what he would do in No.10, criticised the lack of a "political process" in the hostile region and said negotiating towards peace is "obviously possible". He said intervention was a "priority" and shunned the UN for failing to do more to promote peace between the countries over the years. Mr Corbyn claimed the invasion in February last year could have been stopped by negotiating over the Donbas coal mining region in Southeast Ukraine, an area attacked by pro-Russians in 2014. "I think I would have engaged very early on with Russia and with Putin at the very beginning," he told The News Agents. "Not to agree with them but to say that look: ‘this is completely wrong, there has to be a settlement of the issue of the Donbas’. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's friend reveals significant text she received "There ought to be some way of dealing with that [Donbas] so I would have tried to intervene on that… bringing about ceasefire, maybe UN presence or something like that to control the thing and have an engagement with Russia. "There has to be an intervention by somebody." Before the invasion in February last year, the UN made some failed efforts to encourage dialogue between Russia and Ukraine over Donbas. This came after Ukrainian calls for intervention. The country made an official request for a UN peacekeeping mission in 2015 but Moscow stood against it. The request failed as peacekeepers can only be deployed to a situation if they have the consent of both warring parties. Don't miss...Nicola Bulley's final phone call and four other unanswered mysteries [EXPLAINED]Key Nicola Bulley witness comes forward as police announce new twist [INSIGHT]Forensic expert believes Nicola Bulley 'is not in the river' [VIDEO] However, the Minsk agreement was signed that year which tried to bring about dialogue between representatives from Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE. Despite the failure of this early dialogue to stop the current full-blown war, the Labour MP believes the two countries can definitely come to an agreement. He gave the grain deal as an example of their potential for dialogue. In October, Russia allowed the country to continue to export grain to the rest of the world because of a deal brokered by Turkey. Mr Corbyn said: "I think the priority has to be an intervention to bring about a ceasefire. Listen, if Ukraine and Russia can talk about a grain deal then it is obviously possible they can talk." He also attacked the UN for not doing more over the years. He added: "I think there has to be a political process. The UN was sadly lacking in promoting that political process in sort of late year before last."