 Michael Douglas, 78, and Catherine Zeta-Jones, 53, managed to reunite part of his globe-trotting family on Monday evening. While their son Dylan, 22, was spotted on the premiere’s red carpet, their daughter Carys, 19, gave the event a miss.   Michael’s youngest daughter couldn’t make the celebratory event and missed out on the mini family reunion. Shortly before the premiere, Michael took to Instagram in eager anticipation as he filmed himself in the car as they waited to be dropped off. Catherine could be heard cueing the Academy Award winner as he started the clip saying: “Premiere night in Westwood California with my illustrious family.” Michael panned the camera to his son, who gave a nervous “what’s up”, and his wife who was using her phone flash to give her husband better lighting. READ MORE: Madonna fires back at ‘misogynistic and ageist’ comments about Grammy Awards appearance   Turning it back on himself the actor continued: “Here we are, we’re lining up in the car. Enjoy and bye bye!” Carys was spotted in the comments section, writing: “Wish I could be there. Miss you guys." Hello! Magazine noted that the teenager may have stayed in New York where she is currently attending college. However, the Last Vegas star seemingly didn’t let his daughter’s absence get to him as he shared a sweet video from the premiere on Instagram yesterday. Showing off his adventures for the evening, Michael was seen greeting fans, signing posters and Funk Pops and mingling with his co-stars in-between group photos.       By his side, almost all the time, was Catherine and Dylan, even as he spoke to reporters and fans. Throughout the evening, Michael gave the impression that this will be his last appearance as the intelligent Dr Hank Pym. When asked by The Hollywood Reporter if he would come back for a fourth instalment of the Ant-Man franchise, Michael seemingly didn’t even give it a second thought. He casually answered: “As long as I could die.” Michael also has another child, his 44-year-old son Cameron from his first marriage to Diandra Luker, 67, although he is rarely-seen at events with his father.   Michael and Diandra divorced shortly before he got married to Catherine after meeting the Oscar winner at a French film festival in 1998. By then, Michael was already an Oscar winner and 25 years older than Catherine. The duo soon discovered they had a lot in common, even sharing the same birthday September 25, and attempted to keep their relationship quiet at first. The Traffic stars got married in 2000, when Dylan was three months old. Speaking to The Mirror in 2018, Catherine revealed that both Dylan and Carys intend to enter the acting industry.  If so, the pair would be the third generation of Douglas actors to be on screen as their late grandfather was renowned actor Kirk Douglas. The proud mum added that it clearly wasn’t fame the children were after with their career choices, as they have grown up experiencing the good and the bad that comes with it. She gushed: “They want the craft because that’s what they love. And it gives me such pride that they get it. They understand that this is not a quick fix. They’re so good. “I can’t wait for you all to see which way they’re going to go because they’re going to go somewhere, I’m telling you.” Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantamania is released on February 17.