The US has taken down four unidentified flying objects this month as tensions surged after a suspected Chinese spy balloon was downed. But what is the $439,000 (£362,851) missile America used to face off the incursions? And how much does it cost? Since February 4, the US has been vigilant against objects entering its airspace after the Chinese balloon was taken six miles off the east coast. Each of the four subsequent incursions were tackled by the US Air Force, which deployed fighter jets to use air-to-air missiles. The Sidewinder, long-relied on by the US military, has been used on each occasion. President Joe Biden ordered the missiles usage, but it was confirmed that it took two of the explosives to knock the fourth object out of the air. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley confirmed the whiff on Tuesday, saying “yes, the first one missed” from Brussels. The AIM-9 Sidewinder is a short-range air-to-air missile, in use by the US Navy and US Air Force. Produced by Raytheon Technologies, the missile is also sold in large quantities to a range of American allies. Mainly conceived as an air-to-air weapon, the latest AIM-9X version is one that can also be used from the ground and against land-based targets. The US does not disclose the exact number of such missiles in its arsenal, but the US Air Force received its 100,000th Sidewinder in 2021. READ MORE: Putin may have sent UFO over US, exploiting Chinese 'blind spot' The US Department of Defence looks to procure 255 of the missiles for $111.9 million in the 2023 financial year. Based on this figure, each Sidewinder costs around $439,000, and as the US has used five of the missiles. This means Biden splashed $2.195 million on tackling the UFOs. It means the miss on Sunday was costly, with Gen. Milley saying the initial errant missile “landed harmlessly” in the lake. The missile is a heat-seeking, supersonic, short-range explosive projectile. Its main components include an infrared homing guidance section, an active optical target detector, a high-explosive warhead and a rocket motor. The infrared in particular allows the missile to hone in on targets in a range of settings at any time of the day. The 186-pound (84 kg) device is powered by solid fuel, and it has a length of 9.9 feet (3 metres). The so-called Block II variant of the missile has enhanced features, including a lock-on-after-launch capability so the pilot shooting the device does not have to rely on just visual aiming.