Donald Trump was "not pulling any punches" after Joe Biden's State of the Union address as he plots the "greatest political comeback", allies of the Republican have told Express.co.uk. The 45th POTUS immediately responded to Biden's performance in Congress by slamming his successor with his alternative State of the Union address on social media. Trump allies have argued Republicans are well-placed to take on Biden's Democrats in 2024.  Harrison Floyd, who worked as executive director at Black Voices for Trump, told Express.co.uk: "Trump's coming out the gate swinging and he's not pulling any punches." The US Marine Corps veteran, who blasted Biden over Afghanistan, classified documents, his son Hunter and the recent Chinese balloon sighting, added: "Biden said he was going to unify the country, did the State of the Union look like we are unified? "Any Republicans that run in 2024 will have confidence they can beat Biden. "Why? Because they can. The only track record he has is of making things worse." Pastor Mark Burns, who was an early supporter of Trump's 2016 White House bid, reiterated the 45th POTUS is confident he will become the second Commander-in-Chief since Grover Cleveland to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office. JUST IN: Republican claims Biden's State of Union 'divorced from reality' as GOP hit POTUS back He said: "This is simply us knowing why it was important for Trump to run and why there's no other candidate, even Ron DeSantis, that could galvanise the support of the entire Republican conference. "But it's sad for Americans because Americans are suffering, inflation is running high, groceries are expensive, this is all under Joe Biden." Pastor Burns added: "Biden was rattled by the Republican caucus last night but he absolutely fears Trump. "Trump's team is extremely excited as he's the man for the hour and we are going to witness the greatest political comeback in United States' history." The ex-POTUS official rebuttal of Biden's second State of the Union address fixated on concerns about the economy, immigration and crime. Concluding his statement, Trump reiterated his commitment to taking on Biden in the 2024 election. He said: "The good news is we are going to reverse every single crisis, calamity and disaster that Joe Biden has created. "I am running for President to end the destruction of our country and to end the unfinished business of Making America Great Again. "We will make our country better than ever before and we will always put America first. Thank you." Trump officially launched his third successive White House bid on November 15 at an event at his home in Mar-a-Lago. DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] He is the only Republican candidate to have entered the race so far. However, ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley is poised to launch her campaign at an event in South Carolina next week. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis and former Vice President Mike Pence are also reportedly mulling over challenging Trump for the conservative crown. Despite Trump's 120-second intervention, the Grand Old Party designated its official response to former White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Arkansas' Governor used the moment to take aim at Biden over the culture wars. Other Republicans, including Georgia's Marjorie Taylor Greene, showed their dissatisfaction with the 46th President by heckling the 80-year-old while he delivered his address. President Biden's speech focused heavily on economic concerns and striving for unity. It also addressed US support for Ukraine, police reform and immigration. Florida Congresswoman Kat Cammack responded by telling Express.co.uk: "Biden's claims are completely divorced from reality." The 34-year-old, who said last November "we have a lot more to see" of Trump, added: "Everything this President has done is for the sake of his political career at the expense of the American people." Biden made subtle references about his predecessor during his second State of the Union address, including about how the "previous administration" handled national debt. He also continued to voice concern about how insurrections stormed Capitol Hill on January 6, 2021. A former Barack Obama administration aide suggested Biden's State of the Union address bolstered his 2024 re-election bid. Riley Roberts, who worked as a speechwriter to Attorney General Eric Holder during his four-year stint in Obama's administration, said: "It takes a lot for a State of the Union to move the needle or even be memorable because the format is so formal and tired but I think that this is the one in my lifetime that has absolutely had that impact. "The Joe Biden that we saw last night was an elder statesman, was confident, was unflappable when he was being heckled and was sharp enough to respond." He also told Express.co.uk: "Republicans were salivating for vulnerability but I think a lot of potential Democrat contenders were waiting to see how strong he is as a candidate in 2024. I think Republicans gave him an unexpected opportunity to show that he can still fight like the best of them and that will quietly shatter who is on the top of the ticket." Opinion polls on Biden's administration have varied, with most surveys showing Americans disapprove of the 46th POTUS' potential re-election bid. However, he leads potential Democratic challengers in hypothetical primary polls, albeit not by a significant margin. Recent general election surveys also suggest a re-run against Trump could go either way, with Morning Consult giving Biden a three-point lead but ABC News handing the advantage to the 45th POTUS.