The 48-year-old former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! contestant branded "most unsigned musicians c**p" to Radio X listeners. His comment came after he was criticised on Twitter for not being able to find time to play new music on his breakfast show. The DJ took offence to a Twitter user calling him out for spending a chunk of time talking about an exercise bike rather than playing new music. In response, Chris fumed: "That's not what this show is all about." He added: "And the real reason is, and this will blow their tiny minds and they'll hate this, the reason why we won't play unsigned bands is because - and there are exceptions to the rule - but the main reason is that most unsigned bands are c**p. "I'm sorry, but that's the truth." READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show Paul raged on Twitter in response to the rant: "Old man doesn't like new music. Needs a new life Radio X breakfast. Disgusting take from [him]." Parka penned: "Whilst I understand people listen to him for his chat and not the music, that's a pretty poor attitude to take." Eddie Clarke shared: "@JohnKennedy What do you make of your colleague @ChrisMoyles basically saying the content on your show for unsigned acts is crap? "Does he know all bands were unsigned at some point? @RadioX."  Andy Mee added: "Unhinged argument. That’s me switched off from @ChrisMoyles absolutely pathetic." However, Emma said: "Confused why everyone on Twitter is allowed an opinion about @ChrisMoyles, but Chris Moyles isn't allowed an opinion on anything. Wild. #justiceforchrismoyles." Simon Berry penned: "Been listening to @ChrisMoyles for years. Jim and the team have helped me through many dark times. "Give the man a break. He is doing a job. Keep up the good @ChrisMoyles you're doing a bang-up job." (sic) DON'T MISS...Mike Tindall admits he will not attend Chris Moyles' birthday bash [UPDATE]I’m A Celeb’s Scarlette Douglas contradicts ‘ghosting’ reports [LATEST]Sue Cleaver inundated with compliments in reunion with Chris Moyles [INSIGHT] Chris transferred to the Global Radio-owned commercial radio station Radio X in 2015. Earlier this month, Chris unofficially announced a new Foo Fighters album was on the way during his breakfast show. The band is yet to announce the release of any new music to follow up on the last album Medicine At Midnight from 2021. Chris admitted: "I said something on the radio the other day. I'm in a very uncomfortable cul-de-sac... And I don't really know what to do."  He added: "The world has gone mad and everyone is staring at me. "I genuinely do not know what to say... without getting in trouble." Apologising to Foo Fighters lead singer Dave Grohl, Chris shared: “Look, all I will say is this. I can’t say anymore… Anyway, sorry, Dave. I’m really sorry Dave.” The Chris Moyles Show airs on Radio X on weekdays from 6.30am. 