The National Farmers' Union President has opened up about the myriad of problems Britain’s farmers are facing. NFU President Minette Batters gave a stark warning to the Government after Sir Keir Starmer urged for more “sustainable food production”, stating empty supermarkets will only carry on if nothing is changed.   The large import costs are said to already have resulted in reduced production across eggs, salad, beef and sheep. Addressing the main pressures British farming is facing from climate change, the growing global population and particularly huge rises in import costs, Ms Batters urged Downing Street to deal with inflation in order to curb the incoming food crisis. She told BBC 4 programme Farming Today host Anna Hill: “Labour now need to put meaningful policy in place to deliver on what Keir Starmer is outlining today but also from the Conservatives you know we've had a lot of more words and the clock is ticking. “We are running out of time. We need action to deal with inflation. READ MORE: Newcastle star Fraser 'banished' to academy days before Man Utd clash  “We are seeing contraction like never before in tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers. “We are running out of time. We need action to deal with inflation and contraction like never before. “We've got a billion less eggs in 2022 than what we had in 2019. “This is not just about farmers and growers, this is impacting consumers. DON'T MISSLukashenko won't help Putin for fear his military would 'switch sides' [REVEAL]China warns US not to 'meddle' with Taiwan after controversial visit [INSIGHT]Chelsea 'hold emergency Graham Potter meeting' ahead of Tottenham game [UPDATE]  “We've seen empty shelves throughout the past week and we will see many more empty shelves unless there are remedies put in place to deal with the challenges.” She added: “We’ve got a great climate here for growing food. We should be growing more of it. And its shrinking. That needs to change. This comes as farmers gathered in Birmingham for the National Farmers Union conference yesterday. Prime minister Rishi Sunak addressed the conference via video link. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer was also in attendance. 