Joe Biden has been dealt a major blow after Texas threatened to sue the President's administration over a new conservation rule. Critics warn new eco-rules could harm landowners, farmers and energy producers across five states.  The Lone Star State's Attorney General Ken Paxton filed a notice of intent with the Department of Interior and Fish & Wildlife Service. Paxton's office filed the notice over recent regulation protecting the Lesser Prairie-Chicken. It has been claimed the regulation violates federal law, fails to consider Texas' conservation measures and would prove to be difficult for property owners. Paxton said in a statement: "I will not tolerate the Biden Administration’s efforts to run roughshod over the property rights of Texans and to stop our conservation efforts aimed at protecting Texas wildlife." JUST IN: Cleaner, 72, trapped without food for three days after locking herself inside prison cell He alleged: "This rule was a targeted attempt to implement an unlawful, top-down federal approach aimed at advancing a radical environmentalist agenda, which would crush the type of economic development that aids in providing funds for conservation. This isn't going to fly in Texas. "Combining this disregard for federal law, the overly vague nature of the rule, and the failure to abide by the legally-required notice of proposed rulemaking, the new rule constitutes yet another example of the Biden Administration’s willingness to prioritise executive overreach over state-directed management and conservation of wildlife and natural resources." However, Texas is not the only state to put up a challenge to Biden's White House administration. READ MORE: Trump would have been impeached if Chinese spy balloon happened on his watch, says son Kansas Attorney General Kris Kobach last week announced he would see the 46th POTUS' administration over the rule. The 56-year-old Republican claimed it was illegal and would have a "devastating impact on Kansas ranchers, Kansas oil producers, and Kansas wind farms". DOI subagency FWS announced last November that it would list the Lesser Prairie-Chicken after a "rigorous review of the best available scientific and commercial information". FWS Southwest Regional Director Amy Lueders said at the time: "The lesser prairie-chicken’s decline is a sign our native grasslands and prairies are in peril. DON'T MISS:US evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT]  "These habitats support a diversity of wildlife and are valued for water quality, climate resilience, grazing, hunting and recreation." The eco-rules spat also comes just two weeks after Texas and 19 other Republican-led states said it would sue Biden's administration over a federal migrant parole programme unveiled last month. Responding to the migrant-related plea, a White House official said: "Many leaders of these states keep claiming we need to secure the border, but then they turned around and try to block every measure that we take to do just that. "They don't want real solutions They would rather just keep using immigration to try to score political points." Express.co.uk has approached the White House for comment.