The BRIT Awards 2023 has been one to remember with its usual star-studded audience and crowd-pleasing performances throughout the night. Rapper Aitch was clearly thrilled to take to the stage when he was declared a winner, beating off stiff competition from the likes of Central Cee, Dave, Loyle Carner and Stormzy. During his acceptance speech though, the 23-year-old couldn't hide his raw emotion and swore before the 9pm watershed. Holding up his BRIT award, the 23-year-old musician said that he would have liked a little more to drink before having to give his thank you speech. He said: "Wow, I’m not going to lie, I never get scared… but I’m s****ing myself." Aitch went on to say that he would have had "a couple more drinks" before his category if he knew he was going to win. ITV viewers quickly noticed how early on in the awards show the star swore and took to social media to point it out. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ @LoulaQ commented: "Shocking moments from the BRITs so far: Aitch’s outfit and him dropping the s-word pre-watershed #BRITs." Wet Leg also swore during their performance with @emsilly pointing out: "How can ITV mute that, but didn’t mute swearing from Aitch before 9?! #BRITs #Brits2023" @RyantheSoapKing agreed: "So they'd mute the swearing from Wet Leg. "But Becky Hill and Aitch both swore before 21:00pm and it was unmuted to make it make sense. #BRITS" "Someone is getting sacked for not catching Aitch swearing," Lewis went on to say. Ross added: "Aitch swearing pre watershed can we get ITV taken off air forever??" (sic) In his speech, Aitch went on to thank his fans for voting for him and his team and record label Capitol. Things then took a slightly more emotional turn when he said that "not many" people from where he is from in Manchester go on to win awards. He continued to give motivational words to other aspiring artists who may not feel they can achieve their dreams. Aitch said: "I think that's the main reason I do it, to set examples, to make people know that it's possible no matter where you're from and just because five million people haven't done it before you. So yeah big up everyone." DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt replaced on Saturday Kitchen as Alex Jones steps in  [REPLACEMENT]Mo Gilligan apologises after making Lewis Capaldi blunder at The Brits [MISTAKE]Brits viewers in uproar over Tom Grennan's 'inappropriate' comment [REACTION] Another moment which caught fans' attention during the evening is when presenter Mo Gilligan wrongly introduced singer Lewis Capaldi. The Scottish performer was getting ready to give a stripped-back rendition of Forget Me when The Masked Singer star referred to him as Sam Capaldi. Fans took to Twitter to point out his mistake, with many assuming he mixed up Sam Smith with Capaldi. He later apologised, joking that it may have been down to too much alcohol. The Brit Awards has aired every year for almost five decades but this is the first time it has been held on a Saturday night. It has been reported that the schedule shake-up has been made to help boost audience figures which fell to an all-time low of 2.7 million people last year. In the 1990s, the awards show regularly attracted around nine million viewers but has plummeted over the years. It is also hoped that fans will once again tune in thanks to the star-studded line-up ready to take to the stage to perform. The BRIT Awards is available to watch on the ITV Hub.