Marco Pierre White admitted he has not gone to visit his son in jail but speaks to him four times a day. The Michelin-star chef, 61, admitted that he's opted against seeing his son because he is "too recognisable". Marco Pierre White Junior, 27, was jailed for 11 months with 32 weeks of a previously suspended jail term to run consecutively, for a total of 14 different offences. The Celebrity Big Brother star was jailed in August for 18 months following a string of shop thefts and racially abusing a Tesco security guard. He appeared in the Channel 4 reality series in 2016 but was evicted after just one week. The former Big Brother contestant pleaded guilty to 14 offences of shoplifting, one count of possessing a knife, one count of possessing heroin and a racially aggravated public order offence. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson seen in public for first time after Meghan apology The court heard the last theft was committed in April and the first theft happened in January 2021. Speaking to The Times, Marco Snr said that his son is now clean of drugs and is due to be released from prison later this year. He told the publication: "He's kicked the drugs and he's out soon. "We speak four times a day, but I don't visit because he says I'm too recognisable.  "To be honest, I blame the authorities - they should have clamped down and given him a sharp dose of reality earlier." He added: "A slapped wrist doesn't help anyone. A sharp shock when the trouble begins - that's how a boy matures." The popular chef has three children, his sons Marco, and Luciano, 34, and daughter Mirabelle, 21, with his third wife Matilde Conejero, and daughter Letitia, 33, from his first marriage to Alex McArthur. At the time of Pierre Jnr's sentencing, the court was told he had a privileged start in life and a good upbringing with his family, but he struggled with heroin addiction since he was 18. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears' family 'planned intervention' amid fears for her life[LATEST]Lucy Alexander speaks out on Homes Under The Hammer 'return'[EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale's Lisa Riley terrified after she required four surgeries[HEALTH] The judge Mark Horton said: "It is addiction that causes intelligent people, from good backgrounds, who had every prospect, to cheat, lie and steal on a regular basis with a complete incapacity to stop doing so." Prior to his latest offending, Pierre Jnr had a troubled history. The heavily tattooed reality star appeared on the 2016 edition of Celebrity Big Brother but was evicted after just one week. In June 2019, he was ordered to pay more than £1,000 for running out on a £27 restaurant bill after his debit card was declined. He became a father to baby daughter Arabella Rose in November 2019 with his partner, who has kept out of the public eye. He documented her pregnancy and the birth on his social media accounts. 