Fawlty Towers aired on the BBC for two seasons from 1975 until 1979, with only 12 episodes being made. Despite this, it was named the greatest-ever British TV sitcom by a panel of comedy experts compiled by the Radio Times. Yet guest Tom Swarbrick slammed John Cleese's reboot on This Morning, saying the classic should be left alone. Cleese and his daughter are both set to write and star in the new series. The comedy will “explore how Cleese’s over-the-top, cynical and misanthropic Basil Fawlty navigates the modern world”, according to reports. The plot will focus on his relationship with his daughter as they manage a boutique hotel together. On This Morning, host Phillip Schofield started off by saying how actor Cleese will "not be able to be as physical" in the new series after all this time. READ MORE: John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts Fellow guest Vanessa Feltz joked: "Maybe he will, who knows? Maybe he has got a lot of anger to get out. "I would like to see how they adjust it to the current situation in life. "Because those sorts of seaside hotels, basically you got bullied by the owner and you got steamed cabbage for every meal. "The bed was so uncomfortable, those don't exist anymore." It was then guest Tom interrupted with a groan as he said: "Just don't do it, don't ruin it!" He repeated: "Don't ruin it, it was of its time, of its moment, it was fantastic, it was great. "It was an absolute institution, leave it be." The This Morning stars were not the only people to shut down the idea of the reboot. DON'T MISS... John Cleese set for Fawlty Towers reboot after 40 years off airJohn Cleese makes fans emotional as he remembers Fawlty Towers starCaravan park boss has 'Basil Fawlty' style 'unwashed riff-raff' rant On BBC Breakfast, host Sally Nugent said the series was "of its time" and a revival was not necessary. She said: "I’m not sure you know. I just think when something is of its time and brilliant in that moment. "One of the things about Fawlty Towers is there’s not that many of them.” The show was remade in the US three times, once in 1979 as Chateau Snavely, in 1983 as Amanda’s, and in 1999 as Payne – but all failed. In 2009, Cleese said there would never be another episode of the show. Fans of the original took to Twitter to share their thoughts as there was a mixed reaction. @amberrose3331 said: "What’s also not occurred to John Cleese is that he was moaning that #FawltyTowers would never be made now and that he’d been cancelled. "Yet another example of this cancelled/not really cancelled but I like a rant b******s." @MattZeeMiller shared: "Nooooo! Leave it alone let's remember it as an all-time classic!!! "Just like the #Frasier reboot no need for #FawltyTowers move on try new things don't spoil classics!!!!"  This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays from 10am.