Although Below Deck Adventure has wrapped its first-ever season, major insight about the charter continues to unravel. During an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, chief stew, Faye Clarke threw a jibe at Oriana Schneps over her second stew disagreement with Kasie Faddah.  The hit Below Deck franchise expanded with the recent release of its 2022 spin-off, Below Deck Adventure. Unlike the other shows, Below Deck Adventure catered to thrill-seeking charter guests who wanted gripping excursions such as save diving, ziplining and mountain climbing. Led by Captain Kerry Titheragde, the crew and their affluent guests sailed across the scenic Norweigan fjords. Although the team had the stressful task of entertaining demanding guests, tensions began to rise within the group. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’  This was seen during the first episode, as the crew were introducing themselves to each other. It was quickly revealed Oriana and Kasie knew each other as they had previously worked on a boat together, where Oriana was Kasie’s senior. The two worked together on the interior crew as stews and were led by their chief stew, Faye. Oriana had been contracted in the position of second stew and so wanted two stripes on her shoulder epaulettes rather than one, which signified a more junior yachtie.    Despite Oriana’s prior experience, Faye decided to scrap the ranking and keep them on the same level to see how they worked together. However, things took an awkward turn during a drunken night when Oriana opened up about it to bosun Lewis Lupton, who then ordered her second stew epaulettes behind Faye’s back. Speaking to Express.co.uk about their battle for second stew, Faye explained: “I needed to see where Kasie and Oriana’s strengths were. “So if Kasie was really strong at doing table decor then I'm going to get her to do that rather than spend time training somebody to.” DON'T MISS...Ex-EastEnders and Coronation Street stars join Father Brown this week [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Hannah Ferrier dishes jibe at Captain Sandy [INSIGHT]Below Deck Adventure’s Faye Clark ‘didn’t care’ about Kyle's firing [INSIGHT]   Faye threw shade at her co-star's reaction by adding: “I just needed us to work together as a team and Oriana shouldn't really have had a problem because she was still getting her second stew salary.” As Oriana failed to discuss the ranking issue with her chief stew, Faye was confused when the epaulettes arrived. After the awkward encounter between the pair, Faye took to the confessional room where she told the cameras she didn’t want a hierarchy system within the interior team. Elsewhere, Oriana also addressed her issue with the rank because she was hired to be second stew.   She stated: “When I joined the boat it was very clear that I was second stew and based on my experience as well, I never would have taken the position as a junior stew. “I was the person who hired Kasie [Faddah] on her first yacht ever.” Speaking to cheatsheet.com, Orianna added: “So in my mind, it was never communicated to me that that position was up for interpretation. “I never really even thought twice about the uniform mishap being seen in a negative way. And they never communicated, ‘You guys are on trial.’”  Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the USA and on Hayu in the UK. 