Arsenal have not beaten Manchester City in the Premier League for over seven years. Mikel Arteta's side will be aiming to end that barren run when the reigning champions visit the Emirates on Wednesday. City have come out on top in 11 of their last 12 league meetings with the Gunners, drawing the other one. All 12 of those were following the appointment of Pep Guardiola as manager in 2016. Arsenal have often been on the end of a heavy defeat, including a 5-0 drubbing at the Etihad last season. It hasn't been much fun for supporters, who often see their north London rivals Tottenham take points off City. December 2015 was the last time Arsenal overcame Wednesday's opponents in a league encounter, winning 2-0 four days before Christmas. Only one player from both squads on the day remains at their respective clubs. READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m  Kevin De Bruyne takes that accolade, starting in attacking midfield alongside David Silva. The Belgian was in his first season at City since his return to the Premier League. Yaya Toure, Fernandinho and Fabian Delph lined up in midfield, with Sergio Aguero up front. Joe Hart was in goal, behind a back four of Bacary Sagna, Nicolas Otamendi, Eliaquim Mangala and Aleksandar Kolarov. None of the Arsenal squad on the day are still at the club. Peter Cech retired in 2019, while Per Mertesacker, Laurent Koscielny, Nacho Monreal and Mathieu Flamini have also all called it a day. Hector Bellerin is the only player from the back four who is still playing, having joined Sporting Lisbon from Barcelona in January. Aaron Ramsey was alongside Flamini in midfield, with Mesut Ozil at No 10. DON'T MISSLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell'Man Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksQatar 'to bid for Man Utd in its entirety' by end of week but left with PSG headache  Alexis Sanchez was injured, so Joel Campbell played out wide. Theo Walcott was on the opposite flank, with Olivier Giroud spearheading the attack. Walcott opened the scoring in the 33rd minute before Giroud doubled the lead just before half-time. Toure pulled one back for City in the final 10 minutes of the game but it was Arsenal who came out on top. Arteta was Arsenal's club captain at the time but missed the match due to a calf injury. Just over six months later, he was appointed as assistant to Guardiola after hanging up his boots at the end of the season. It has been an extremely tough run since for Arsenal against City, aside from a couple of FA Cup semi-final wins. But victory on Wednesday would make up for the last seven years of hurt for desperate Gunners supporters.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here