HE’S hardly your average Bollywood star. For a start, Leo Gómez-Franqueira is just eight years old and living in the UK. Then there’s his incredible intelligence. When he was a mere toddler he passed an IQ assessment – with a score higher than both Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking – to become one of Mensa’s youngest members. But unlike those famous scientists, this gifted youngster has his heart set on a career as an actor. Might Hollywood now beckon? Leo, who lives in southwest London with his parents, Iñaki San Pedro, 43, and Teresa Gómez-Franqueira, 40, has already become an unlikely star of Bollywood. Not long ago he shone in a series of auditions and beat hundreds of other boys to land a leading role in the new Hindi-language comedy-drama, Mister Mummy. The movie has already premiered in Indian cinemas and recently began streaming on Netflix. It features actor Riteish Deshmukh – director of the recent Indian blockbuster Ved ­– as a grumpy male teacher who becomes pregnant in an echo of the 1994 US comedy Junior starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Leo plays Mike, the leader of a gang of children who plot revenge after the teacher makes their lives hell at school. During the Easter holidays last year, the Indian cast and crew flew over to the UK for a two-week shoot in North Yorkshire, where Leo joined them. For one scene in the movie, he was taught Indian dancing. During his free time he enjoyed exploring the local countryside with his parents. Long hours waiting in the green room were spent playing cards, video games and with Rubik’s cubes. The youngster, who was born in Spain, but moved to England with his family aged three, was inspired by his fellow actors to learn Hindi after picking up certain phrases during filming. He was already fluent in Chinese, Spanish and French. Father Iñaki, who runs a meat importing company with his wife, is so proud of his son. “Leo’s lines were in English, but the rest of the kids’ lines were in Hindi,” he says. “Leo started learning their lines as well as his and became hooked. “He decided to start lessons in September to be able to communicate in case he has to travel to India, or if he’s cast in another Bollywood movie. He enjoys the language and can now  communicate basically.” Leo, whose stage name is Leo Franky, became interested in acting after taking part in a primary school production of Little Red Riding Hood when he was just four. His grandfather had also been a professional actor back in Spain. In 2019 Leo secured himself an agent, and he hasn’t looked back since. Recently he landed the child lead in a TV advert for Mastercard, in addition to his Bollywood role. During lockdown, he was learning lines and filming audition tapes. “Mister Mummy was an amazing experience,” he says. “I really liked acting with the stars of Bollywood and I made a lot of friends. I loved the dancing, singing and also the food on set, particularly the raita and naan bread. “I became inspired by the language of Hindi and the accents so I wanted to try learning it. I find learning languages pretty easy. I also find learning my lines easy because I have a good memory. I was practising my lines every night for 10 minutes, and sometimes when everyone else was playing, I went outside and practised.” As well as auditioning for new movies and taking Hindi classes, Leo is training in kung fu, takes singing lessons, plays chess and is learning to play the saxophone. He has achieved full marks in a Chinese proficiency language test designed for adults and is about to sit his grade five piano and cello exams. Next up, he plans to learn the electric guitar and drums – and he’s got his fingers crossed about a potential role in a new Marvel movie. Leo is among rising numbers of incredible young talents joining Mensa, the world’s oldest and most famous society for people with high IQs. It was formed in Oxford in 1946 by barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware, and later spread across the world. There are currently around 18,000 British members of Mensa. In the under-11 age category, new members have increased from 197 in 2014 to 326 this year. There has also been a 20 percent rise in under-18s over the same period, with a current total of more than 1,600 members in that age category. Children aged 10 and a half or over can sit the Mensa-supervised test, consisting of a verbal reasoning and a non-verbal reasoning assessment. It is the same test taken by adults, but the measurement scales are weighted to take age into account. Anyone who scores in the top two per cent on either test is invited to join. Younger children must be assessed for Mensa membership by an educational psychologist on a one-to-one basis. Leo scored a staggering 172 on an IQ assessment, which gained him Mensa entry ­in 2016 – exceeding the late Professor Stephen Hawking’s IQ of 160. Albert Einstein’s IQ is also estimated at around 160. “Leo is gifted in many ways, not just in mathematics or spatial awareness or languages,” says his father. “I think his talents will help him have a good career as an actor. His memory and the emotional part of acting will be very well developed by his skills. “Being a member of Mensa, he could join some of their activities when he’s older and be inspired. It will be very beneficial for him to learn the stories about other members who have succeeded in different fields.” Very early on in Leo’s life, it was obvious he was a quick developer. “Leo started saying ‘Papa, Papa’ when he was just three months and two weeks old,” Iñaki remembers. “The word was very clear. His second word was ‘basket’ because there was a little basketball hanging from his crib and he saw me launching the ball into the basket.” At five months, Leo started learning the alphabet thanks to a set of plastic letters the family kept in the bathtub. His parents used the phonics method of teaching, which links individual letters with different sounds, using singing. “He sang the phonics, picking the letters one by one,” Iñaki recalls. “That’s when we realised he was making the connection between the shape and the letter.” At 14 months, he could identify the world’s different flags, name his huge collection of miniature animals in English, Spanish and Chinese, and recognise more than 250 famous paintings, sculptures and monuments. By the time he was a year and a half old, he was reading infant books as his parents practised with flashcards containing simple words. At two years old he was writing numbers and counting from one to 100 in three languages. Cath Hill, chief executive of British Mensa, has hailed Leo’s “wonderful accomplishments”. She adds: “It’s fantastic to see one of our younger members flourishing in creative pursuits. It’s often wrongly assumed that members of Mensa are all scientists and mathematicians, but our members come from all walks of life and have incredibly varied interests and occupations.” For now, Leo is planning to throw a party with his friends to celebrate the release of Mister Mummy – and is busy stocking up on popcorn. “My friends love the idea of me being in a movie,” he says excitedly. “I would like to do more Bollywood films, but my dream is to reach Hollywood. I’d also love to act in a Marvel movie. I’d prefer to play a hero, rather than a villain.” Surely it won’t be long before this Bollywood brainbox is lighting up the big screen again.