Overnight, the 2023 Super Bowl kicked off in the USA, and with it came the annual influx of movie trailers and TV spots. Included in the string of film reels was The Flash, this year's summer blockbuster that will bring the DCEU story to an end once and for all. Fans already knew The Flash would be teaming up with former Batman star Ben Affleck, as well as Michael Keaton's classic version of the Caped Crusader, but it looks like there's another. The Flash trailer showed a Dark Knight battling on a highway while riding a distinctive-looking motorbike. The blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment instantly had fans' tongues wagging, as it looks like the Batman from Christopher Nolan's trilogy, played by Christian Bale. Fans instantly began speculating on Twitter, suggesting that there will be even more Batmen hitting the silver screen than originally anticipated. One fan wrote: "0:13 isn't that Christian bales batman??" Another agreed: "Did I just see Micheal Keaton and Christian Bale's Batman in The Flash trailer????!!!!" A third added: "if they bring out Christian bale in the new flash love ima lose my s**t! they have to bring him in as a cameo! please!!!" With that said, it is very possible this Batman in question is simply Affleck's version of the hero from a funny angle - but fans are hopeful. Bale played Bruce Wayne in three films from 2005 to 2012, concluding his journey in The Dark Knight Rises. In it, he fought against Bane (played by Tom Hardy) as well as Liam Neeson and Heath Ledger as the Joker. Considering The Flash movie will focus on alternate timelines and universes, bringing Bale back would not be completely out of the question. Keaton is already revealed to be making a comeback, and he hasn't played Batman since the 1990s. So, for Bale to return, it wouldn't be totally outrageous - but there is one big problem. He might not want to. DON'T MISS...Super Bowl trailers - From The Flash and Fast X to Indiana Jones [TRAILERS]The Flash trailer unveils Michael Keaton Batman and 'female Superman' [INFO]The Flash boss shares real reason for Danielle Panabaker return [NEWS] Bale previously confessed he would not consider making a comeback as Batman. He said at the time that his plan with Nolan was to "make three films, if we're lucky enough to get to do that. And then let's walk away. Let's not linger too long". What's more, Bale confessed he wouldn't want to change the ending that he brought to life alongside Nolan. In Bale's final scenes, he was living a happy life with Selina Kyle in Italy before he was noticed by Alfred. Bale said of the ending: "Finally, he had freed himself from the privilege, but ultimately the burden, of being Bruce Wayne." The Flash is rumoured to be changing the timelines of the DCEU ahead of James Gunn's new movies. The former Marvel director has just revealed a slate of new movies with new actors and new storylines. This change-up is said to begin after The Flash's timeline-squashing events. But does this mean The Flash's Ezra Miller will no longer have a position in the future of the series? The Flash hits cinemas on 16 June, 2023.