Mother and manager Roxy Jacenko have just announced that her daughter Pixie will be “semi-retiring” so that she can focus on her schooling. Pixie rose to fame and fortune during the COVID-19 pandemic by selling fidget spinners and hair accessories, and her retail empire has kept growing ever since.    On Tuesday, Momanger Roxy Jacenko announced that Pixie has decided to “refocus” her priorities in an interview with News.com.au. Roxy said: “Pixie has decided to hang her online toy store shoes up to focus on her impending entry into high school.” She revealed that Pixie has been contemplating her next step “over the next few months” and added: “We have been discussing the business plans going forward as a family and decided that while it has been an amazing journey starting some three years ago, it was time to refocus with high school just around the corner.” READ MORE: Woman dated a stand up comedian and then made an awful discovery The Australian mother also reassured fans that Pixie’s Pix online store will remain open. She said: “[The business] will go back to how it began in 2011 – as the best destination for children's hair accessories and hair bows known as Pixie's Bows – something that we will continue to manage together but with a lot less time/pressure for Pixie." Roxy has previously highly praised her daughter’s “entrepreneurial spirit" and said she showed such skills at a young age. In an joint interview in December for Stellar magazine, Roxy said: “I guess to me the biggest thing is her drive as an entrepreneur. Yes, I've enabled it, but she's still got it, which is for me the most rewarding part.” The business sense runs deep within the family, as Roxy owns a number of successful businesses as well, such as the talent agency Ministry of Talent and clothing brand Sweaty Betty, and the family live in a $6.6 million mansion in Sydney. DON'T MISS:Son left 'livid' after his mother asked him to pay £80 a month [REPORT]Heartbreak as dad dies suddenly days after surgery on broken leg [INSIGHT]Russell Crowe plays Pope's real-life chief exorcist in freaky trailer [REVEAL] In May 2022, Pixie's line of fidget spinner toys generated $200,000 in revenue in their first month of sales in Australia, and Roxy has previously said her daughter will be able to retire young. While in an interview, Roxy said to her daughter: “You won't need to worry; you can retire at 15 the way you're going.” Roxy has also bought her daughter a $52,000 Mercedes-Benz for her birthday, despite the 11-year-old being too young to drive it. The Australian mother revealed she bought the luxury guard as she for impressed by the car’s safety specs. In an interview with News.com.au, Roxy said: “It's of utmost importance to me that both she and her brother Hunter travel safely on the roads when going to and from school so I purchased a car for her.”  She continued: "Obviously she doesn’t drive it, she is driven in it as is her brother to and from school and for any activities. Given the number of fatalities on our roads their safety is so important so if it means buying a car that has extra safety features that’s what I’ll do." Pixie took to Instagram to show off her flashy new car, and wrote: “This was such a surprise! Mum told us to come to the front of the house - we thought there was a trampoline delivery - it was a new car! We told her we needed 7 seats we didn’t think she would actually organise it!” The surprise gift divided the mother and daughter’s fanbase, as some congratulated Pixie on her car, while others felt it was too much. One person wrote: “Congratulations love. Thank God for your lovely mother.” However, another user commented: “What spoilt children, can’t imagine what they will be like as teenagers.” A third comment told Roxy and Pixie to ignore the negative comments, and said: “Work hard and you get nice things! Shame about all the bitter jealous comments."