Elvis Presley was given the biopic treatment last year in Baz Luhrmann's Elvis. The film told the abridged life story of the King of Rock and Roll, as well as that of his ex-wife, Priscilla Presley. Priscilla was somewhat involved in bringing the story to life, and she has since confessed she was overjoyed with the final movie. She has now opened up on how Elvis himself would have reacted to the movie. Austin Butler played Elvis in the 2022 movie, and he recently told Entertainment Tonight that Priscilla was not very welcoming to him at first. After Priscilla saw his work, however, she reached out and apologised to him via email. He recalled: "I remember Priscilla said: 'I know I was hard on you.'" In fact, she even dared to tell the 31-year-old what Elvis would have made of the star's portrayal. Priscilla told Austin: "Every wink, every move, if my husband was here he would say: 'Hot damn, you are me!'" Elvis director Baz also chimed in to praise Austin and his performance. He remembered Priscilla telling him: "How did [Austin] know about Elvis' rage, his stillness, his inner life, his complex inner life? Because that's not out there. That's not in a biography." Baz went on to confess that Priscilla was not, originally, a fan of the idea of Austin playing Elvis in an intimate biopic movie. "[Priscilla] was quite cynical about how this young kid could, in fact, manifest her husband," he explained. DON'T MISS...Priscilla Presley hits out at US star after Elvis gifting claims [NEWS]Elvis' close family speak out on missing Lisa Marie Presley's funeral [INFO]Elvis Presley 'refused to believe' he had a drug problem [INSIGHT] Baz also noted that Priscilla had felt "disappointed" in the past after seeing different portrayals of Elvis on the big screen. However, Baz worked tirelessly to bring Elvis to life once again for his movie. "I was not gonna make the film unless I found someone who could play Elvis," he admitted. "I didn't really think I could." Austin also made quite the impression on Elvis' only child, Lisa Marie Presley, who died earlier this year on January 12, 2023. She suffered a cardiac arrest. She was 54-years-old. Austin later opened up about the strong connection he had with the singer and daughter of Elvis. He said: "I've never had an experience where I met somebody and felt an immediate depth of relationship with them. She's also — she's a person who didn't have anything to prove and wouldn't open up to anybody and she opened up to me. We got so close so fast and it's just devastating." Lisa Marie previously praised the movie as a whole, writing on her Twitter account: "Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way." SOURCE