A transgender butcher has been charged over the disappearance of an 11-year-old girl. Andrew Miller — also known as Amy — was arrested after the child was found at a house around three miles from her home, after a 27-hour search. Forensic officers were seen combing the 53-year-old’s home for clues, in the village of Gattonside near Galashiels in Scotland.   The house had been cordoned off and two cars parked in the driveway were being examined by investigators. A police car was also seen outside the butcher’s shop in nearby Melrose. One local resident told Daily Record: “Police arrived in Gattonside and closed off the street.  "A man was seen being put into the back of the police vehicle." They added: “It’s a really affluent area and is extremely quiet so this has all come as a bit of a shock. “The person who lives there used to run the butcher shop in Melrose. "They use a woman’s name now but were previously known as Andrew and are very well known in the community.” Another resident of the street told the paper: “I woke up and there was just police everywhere. The person who lives there tends to keep to themselves though and doesn’t really speak to anyone. “We never have any problems down here. It is very quiet normally but this is all a bit unnerving.” The person arrested over the girl’s disappearance was identified as a man in a police press release yesterday. On their Facebook profile, Miller lists their gender as “female” and on another Facebook profile under the name Amy George, they describe themselves as a “single female interested in single females”. A police statement said: “A 53-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of an 11-year-old girl from Galashiels, who was reported missing on Sunday, February 5. “The girl was traced at a property in the Galashiels area at about 9.30pm on Monday, February 6. “Inquiries into the circumstances are ongoing.” The girl was reported missing by her family at about 8.30pm on Sunday when she did not return home after being out with friends.   Her disappearance sparked a major emergency services response, with police officers appealing for help from the public to find her.   They were joined by countless volunteers, Tweed Valley Mountain Rescue Team and the Borders Search and Rescue Unit, and a helicopter scoured the area.   Specialist water search teams trawled the River Tweed in the hunt for clues, and members of the public were urged to check their sheds and outbuildings for signs for any sign of the missing youngster.   Miller is due to appear at Selkirk Sheriff Court today.   Recently they expressed their support for the SNP’s gender self-ID Bill, writing on Facebook: “Silly Billys in Westminster . . . Never mess with Scottish Transgender Issues.” 