Jurgen Klopp "doesn't understand how it's possible" Chelsea were able to continue their lavish spending under Todd Boehly with the Liverpool boss suggesting the American billionaire doesn't care about how Graham Potter makes it all work. The Blues have blown everyone out the water of the past two transfer windows ever since Boehly and his consortium took over at Stamford Bridge.  They heavily backed Thomas Tuchel in the summer before brutally sacking him just days after the transfer window closed. And that lavish spending has continued into the New Year with Chelsea now breaching the £500m mark following Enzo Fernandez's deadline day move. It's an eye-watering figure which has led to many question on how it was at all possible without having Financial Fair Play step in. It's been reported that Chelsea found a loophole in FFP regulations, spreading the cost of their new signings over extremely long contracts. The likes of Mykhaylo Mudryk and Fernandez were both signed on contracts for over eight years. But the whole situation has left Klopp baffled as to just how Chelsea were able to pull it off, even joking that he won't speak his full mind without his lawyer present.  "I say nothing without my lawyer - that's a joke," Klopp started. "I don't understand this part of the business - what you can do and what you can't do. "It's a big number [laughs] in the last few windows. The players they brought in, I didn't think once 'why did they do that'. They're all really good players so from that point of view congratulations when you can do it. I don't understand how it's possible with all the things around but it's obviously not [up to me] to explain how it works."  Klopp was then told how Chelsea will 'need to make it work, to which the Liverpool boss replied with a little dig at the Blues owner: "Graham knows that, that's clear. "I'm not too sure Todd Boehly has too much interest in that [laughs]. It will happen at one point as well that they will play well together, that's pretty much with the quality they have not to avoid. How quick it will go, I don't know." Liverpool had a quiet transfer window in comparison, getting their business done early in the month with the acquisition of Cody Gakpo. The Reds opted against making a move for a midfielder, choosing instead to focus on their bid to sign Jude Bellingham and other targets in the summer.