The system is aimed at making it easier for low-income families to sign up for discounted broadband deals. The internet provider is the first company of its kind to join the initiative, which offers customers discounted broadband and mobile tariffs if they are on certain benefits. Sky and its subsidiary NOW are among several providers who have signed up for the streamlined initiative. Sky currently offers people on Universal Credit or Pension Credit a discounted tariff of £20 a month, for either NOW Broadband Basics or Sky Broadband Basics. Information on the Government website states social tariffs could save a household up to £180 a year compared to average tariffs. The improved service allows internet service providers to ask the DWP to automatically verify their customers' benefit entitlement. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den investor feels 'a sense of regret' after a reject's product makes millions The benefits that the DWP’s system will be able to verify entitlement for are: One the scheme, Mims Davies, minister for social mobility, youth and progression said: "It's positive to see a major provider, such as Sky, sign up to our scheme, making it easier for families to access cheaper broadband and mobile tariffs in difficult times, and I call on other providers to follow suit in offering this type of tariff for those in need." Claimants who think they might be eligible for one of these tariffs, should contact their provider. There are numerous social tariffs on offer for those receiving Universal Credit and other means tested benefits, with increasing pressure being put on the UK Government to extend the scheme to energy bills. READ MORE: PIP recipients may be eligible for discounts and freebies worth thousands The benefits that the DWP’s system will be able to verify entitlement for are: One the scheme, Mims Davies, minister for social mobility, youth and progression said: "It's positive to see a major provider, such as Sky, sign up to our scheme, making it easier for families to access cheaper broadband and mobile tariffs in difficult times, and I call on other providers to follow suit in offering this type of tariff for those in need." Claimants who think they might be eligible for one of these tariffs, should contact their provider. There are numerous social tariffs on offer for those receiving Universal Credit and other means tested benefits, with increasing pressure being put on the UK Government to extend the scheme to energy bills. The DWP is encouraging claimants to check their entitlement to the growing list of important services accessible at cut-price rates. Other examples include help with health costs, discounted railcards, and Healthy Start vouchers for pregnant women and young children. Stephen van Rooyen, executive vice president and chief executive officer of Sky, UK & Europe, said: “We know how important connectivity is to our customers, which is why we are focussed on ways we can support them to stay online. “As well as support with bills, we also provide existing, eligible customers with a broadband and mobile social tariff, helping them stay connected for a significantly reduced cost. “The Department for Work and Pensions eligibility tool is a useful step forward, enabling us to more easily confirm eligibility.” Broadband and mobile bills are set to increase by 18 percent this April, according to figures from Uswitch.com. This could mean broadband costs going up by £55 a year while mobile bills will go up by around £86 a year. Britons are encouraged to claim all the discounts and reductions available for them as bill continue to increase.