A debut in the Australian Open final might have resulted in Stefanos Tsitsipas' maiden major title were it not for one particular enemy blocking his path. And Novak Djokovic proved he's still the Greek star's kryptonite as the elite of men's tennis prepare for Indian Wells in early March. Tsitsipas, 24, dispatched a series of tricky opponents to reach his second career Grand Slam final in Melbourne but was ultimately outclassed in a straight-sets loss to 10-time champion Djokovic. That remains the only blemish on the former's record so far in 2023 after he beat Emil Ruusuvuori 7-5, 6-1 on Tuesday to reach the last 16 of the Rotterdam Open. The tournament's top seed won 10 of the last 11 games to dispatch Finland's Ruusuvuori in the first round, improving his 2023 record to 13 wins and a singular defeat. There are few men on the planet playing better than the world No. 3 as things stand, though the Australian Open final was evidence there are still strides to make in his development. Djokovic, 35, has reportedly applied for a 'special permit' to play at Indian Wells after his Covid-19 vaccine status meant he was prevented from competing in the United States last year. 'Nole' missed both the Australian Open and U.S. Open in 2022, but his visa suspension was overturned to pave the way for his Melbourne comeback in January. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic fired Andy Murray Wimbledon warning  Tsitsipas has never advanced beyond the quarter-finals at Indian Wells and bowed out in the third round last year following a shock loss to American Jenson Brooskby. Hope will be high that he can improve upon that result when the 2023 tournament comes around on March 6, however, given the dominant gear he's discovered in 2023. “I had an opportunity in the last game [when Ruusuvuori led 5-3] to come back," said Tsitsipas after Tuesday's win in the Netherlands. "I revived from that, I regenerated some awesome tennis and I recaptured that first set, which was crucial. I think from that point onwards it was flawless tennis. I was able to produce some really good shots.” Even that self-belief is reminiscient of Djokovic, who restored his No. 1 status atop the ATP rankings after his record-extending win Down Under. A title win in Rotterdam this week would give Tsitsipas a chance of leapfrogging Carlos Alcaraz up to No. 2, setting the stage for a potential top-two showdown in California next month. DON'T MISS Inside Serena Williams' life after retiring including fortune and newly-found religion Carlos Alcaraz looks to Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as he shares comeback expectations Novak Djokovic makes last-ditch Indian Wells attempt by applying for 'special permit'    After winning two of his first three duels with Djokovic, the Next Gen star has gone on to lose 10 in a row against the Serb. As one of the most impressive prospects among tennis' upcoming dynasty of talent, he has more reason than most to look forward to the veteran's retirement, whenever that might be. For now, though, it appears Tsitsipas must make peace with the fact there is at least one ATP star who can consistently make him look like the underdog. And for that reason, the Greek great-in-the-making may hope his nemesis isn't granted access to Indian Wells.