A Pentagon memo offered the first details about the latest unidentified object shot down in or near US airspace over the past eight days. The memo reported the unidentified flying object was a "small, metallic balloon with a tethered payload below it." The White House and NORAD officials had previously described the aircraft as a "cylindrical object." The Pentagon memo, obtained by CNN, also reported that the object had crossed near "US sensitive sites" before the US military shot it down on Sunday. Officials also reported the object was shot down over Lake Huron in Michigan and "subsequently slowly descended" into the water. The latest shootdown comes after three more unidentified objects entered US airspace as NORAD heightened security following a suspected Chinese balloon was downed on February 4. Joe Biden has come under pressure because of the repeated shutdowns after he previously delayed giving the order to hit the suspected Chinese balloon last week. But lawmakers insisted the increase in UFO spotting in US airspace was a consequence of increased security following the accident. JUST IN: Jean-Pierre sparks fury as she fumbles through unidentified aircraft probe  Rep Jim Himes, the leading Democrat in the Intelligence Committee, told Meet the Press on Sunday: "My speculative guess as to why we’re seeing these things happen in quick succession is now we’re really attuned to looking for them, right? "The truth is that most of our sensors and most of what we were looking for didn’t look like balloons. Now, of course, we’re looking for them. So, I think we’re probably finding more stuff." National Security Council coordinator for communications John Kirby on Monday insisted the military response was not a political move to shut down Biden's detractors. Kirby said: "These were decisions based purely and simply on what was in the best interest of the American people." Kirby spoke from the White House podium hours after China alleged that more than 10 US high-altitude balloons have flown in its airspace during the past year without its permission. READ MORE: China could send 'multiple' spy balloons to 'embarrass' Biden as tensions boil over "Because we have not been able to definitively assess what these most recent objects are, we acted out of an abundance of caution." White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said at the outset of a press briefing also ruled out any connection with extraterrestrial activity after NORAD chief Gen Glen VanHerck said the link could not be excluded. Jean-Pierre said: "There is no — again, no — indication of aliens or extraterrestrial activity with these recent takedowns." Kirby's comments came after Beijing accused the US of flying more than 10 high-altitude balloons in Chinese airspace over the past year. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT]  Washington vigorously denied the claim, with Kirby saying insisting that “we are not flying surveillance balloons over China.” The Chinese allegation came after the US shot down a suspected Chinese spy balloon that had crossed from above Alaska to South Carolina over a period of multiple days, sparking a new crisis in bilateral relations that have sunk to their lowest level in decades and prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a planned visit to China. The State Department said no meeting between the men has been scheduled but spokesman Ned Price added that the US is “always assessing options for diplomacy.” Price said: “We are open and we are committed to keeping lines of communication open." The latest of the objects was shot down Sunday over Lake Huron after being detected a day earlier over Montana. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews