Joe Biden may have unveiled the three-word slogan for his 2024 White House bid, according to a former Democrat speechwriter. Biden repeated the phrase 12 times during his 80-minute State of the Union address on Tuesday.  Riley Roberts, whose work has been described as "great" and "bold" by Barack Obama, told Express.co.uk: "This was just road testing the message that will carry him into the 2024 campaign. "'Finish the Job', the phrase we heard so many times, seems like the potential campaign slogan in the works and I think that will be front-and-centre going forward." He added: "I think this was a curtain-raiser on the 2024 campaign, sort of a soft launch, its the same message that he is going to be refining over the coming months. "You saw how he tried to pitch it right down the middle to the average voter, trying to appear bipartisan while drawing contrasts with the other side. "The heckling and interruption by House Republicans really played into his hands in a way that was probably beyond the White House's wildest dreams." Biden used a variety of slogans during his 2020 campaign, including 'Restore the Soul of the Nation'. JUST IN: Republican claims Biden's State of Union 'divorced from reality' as GOP hit POTUS back The 80-year-old also echoed phrases used by ex-Prime Minister Boris Johnson, with 'Build Back Better' playing a central role. Recycling Johnson's line was not the first time the 46th POTUS has been accused of poaching slogans from leading British politicians. During his first White House bid in 1988, Biden was accused of plagiarising a speech delivered by then Labour leader Neil Kinnock. Biden later said he should have added he was paraphrasing the Welsh politician.  However, a former Trump campaign insider appeared taken aback by Biden potentially using 'Finish the Job' in 2024. Harrison Floyd, who worked as executive director of Black Voices for Trump, told Express.co.uk: "How about start the job?" He added: "America and the World are worse off under Joe Biden. "'Finish the Job' shows the disconnect between the White House and what everyday people are experiencing." READ MORE: Nikki Haley to 'spoil' DeSantis 2024 bid and hand Trump Republican primary victory - poll Trump is widely expected to redeploy his 'Make America Great Again' slogan. Floyd said: "I think they will and it makes sense. Why rebrand when it still applies?" The 45th POTUS, who used the slogan in both 2016 and 2020, appears to have been inspired by Ronald Reagan's 'Let's Make America Great Again' campaign in 1980. In his unsuccessful re-election bid, Trump also trialled 'Keep America Great' and 'Promises Made, Promises Kept' as alternative slogans. Following his defeat, Trump hosted a number of 'Save America' rallies. Modern campaigners appeared to have refined catchy slogans significantly in recent years, with early phrases often quite wordy. DON'T MISS:Biden leaves House GOP ’no choice’ on debt ceiling[INSIGHT]Cops seize enough fentanyl to kill 20 million[REPORT]Meghan Markle's absence from Harry’s PR tour 'unusual' [ANALYSIS] Franklin Pierce's 1852 slogan, 'We Polked you in 44, We shall Pierce you in 52', might be among the most confusing. Abraham Lincoln's campaigns arguably included the first set of concise phrases, such as 'Honest old Abe' and 'Union, liberty, peace'. However, subsequent Commanders-in-Chief have also looked to make the most of their slogans. Calvin Coolidge led with 'Keep Cool with Coolidge', Franklin Delano Roosevelt claimed 'Happy Days Are Here Again' and war hero Dwight Eisenhower simply said 'I like Ike'. Infamous slogans which fell flat include Al Smith's unsuccessful 'Make Your Wet Dreams Come True' cry in 1928 and Gerald Ford's 'Happy Days Here Again' while Americans were facing stagflation in 1976. 