Under the new plans, drivers would be given the cost of fuel at every petrol station across the station, enabling them to make comparisons. It would be modelled after Northern Ireland’s Consumer Council Fuel Price Checker, which has helped to lower prices across the country. By collating all petrol and diesel prices, it helps create a sense of competitiveness among retailers, forcing the cost down for drivers. Currently, the checker shows the current price of petrol to be 144.2p per litre, while the average price of diesel is 164.2p - both around 5p cheaper than England, Scotland and Wales. Responding to the news of a fuel price checker, Edmund King, president of the AA, said: “The AA very much welcomes the Government’s move to introduce greater fuel price transparency and stimulate the level of competition lost since the pandemic. “Since 2012, when the AA sent a fact-finding mission to view fuel price transparency in Austria, the UK’s biggest motoring organisation has said that this is the best way to stimulate competition at the pump. READ MORE: Little-known car button can instantly slash fuel consumption by 12% “The Austrian system has evolved in other European countries and, since July 2020, a version has been available in Northern Ireland. “The success and demand for fuel price transparency in Northern Ireland was illustrated last year with a more than 500 percent increase in views of the Price Checker website and app.” During Christmas, petrol was 10p a litre and diesel 13p a litre cheaper there than in southern England. The current price of petrol and diesel in the UK is 149.07p per litre, with diesel drivers seeing average costs of £1.70 - with both prices increasing in recent days. DON'T MISSInside Cristiano Ronaldo's outrageous £17million car collection [PICTURES]ULEZ expansion is 'positive step forward' as scrappage scheme launched [INSIGHT]Drivers can ensure car retains 'value' before number plate changes [WARNING] According to The Times, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has asked Treasury officials and the business department to look into such a system. Mr King said the Government’s plans would make the Northern Ireland model even more sophisticated and comprehensive. He called it “extremely good news”, comparing it to the price transparency in France, which allows users to look at every fuel station in the country. They can sort by the type of fuel they use including diesel, super unleaded, E10 petrol and even E85 fuel. READ MORE: London ULEZ loophole can help classic car owners avoid daily charges For example, at a Total garage between Calais and Boulonge-sur-Mer, drivers can see that E10 costs €1.86 (£1.66) and E5 costs €1.93 (£1.72) - cheaper than most other fuel stations along the A16. However, the AA said it would be happy with a two-stage approach where the current Northern Ireland model is extended across the UK to stimulate pump-price competition as soon as possible. The more sophisticated real-time platform would follow later on, and is expected to be met with resistance from the fuel trade. King adds: “The AA also welcomes greater scrutiny of the relationship between wholesale price movements and those at the pump, assuming that that will require a regulator. “However, the AA is wary of a pricing policy for fuel that may reduce the competitive incentive. “A benchmark may increase price consistency but reduce the appetite for price cuts. “We can also see difficulties for small rural fuel stations where low sales volumes could leave remaining stock valued higher than a falling benchmark. “For that reason, fuel price transparency to stimulate competition has to be the first priority. And, if that doesn’t work, a more draconian pricing policy could follow.”