Volodymyr Zelensky today pleaded with Rishi Sunak to provide "wings for freedom" by supplying fighter jets to defeat Vladimir Putin. The Ukrainian President used an address to Parliament to thank the UK for its support in the face of Russia's invasion. But, as he presented a Ukrainian fighter ace's helmet to Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle, he said more planes were needed to defeat Mr Putin's forces in an appeal to the West. Mr Zelensky said: "I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words: combat aircraft for Ukraine, wings for freedom." Prime Minister Rishi Sunak earlier announced plans to train Ukrainian pilots. The move paves the way for them eventually being able to fly sophisticated Nato-standard jets, but that is seen as a long-term ambition. It comes after the UK became the first Western nation to supply Ukraine with modern tanks as Kyiv puts up fierce resistance to Moscow's troops. Mr Zelensky concluded his speech to Parliament by thanking Britain "in advance" for fighter jets. He said: "Thank you for your attention, thank you for your support. And leaving British Parliament two years ago I thanked you for delicious English tea. "And I will be leaving the Parliament today thanking all of you in advance for powerful English planes." The remark prompted laughter among the MPs and peers gathered in Westminster Hall. Elsewhere during his address, Mr Zelensky said a Ukrainian victory against Russia will deter aggressors around the world. He told parliamentarians gathered in Westminster Hall: "We know freedom will win. We know Russia will lose. "And we really know that the victory will change the world and this will be a change that the world has long needed. "The UK is marching with us towards the most, I think, the most important victory of our lifetime. It will be a victory over the very idea of the war. "After we win together, any aggressor, it doesn't matter big or small, will know what awaits him if he attacks international order. Any aggressor is going to lose." Mr Zelensky also thanked former PM Boris Johnson, who he has struck up a close friendship with, for his support during Russia's invasion. The Ukrainian president said: "London has stood with Kyiv since day one, from the first seconds and minutes of the full-scale war, Great Britain you extended your helping hand when the world had not yet come to understand how to react. "Boris: you got others united when it seemed absolutely impossible. Thank you." 