A mother to a six-year-old has died after a trainee doctor wrongly inserted a breathing tube into her oesophagus instead of her windpipe, an inquest heard on Monday. Emma Currell was rushed to Watford General Hospital after she suffered from a seizure in hospital transport taking her home from dialysis treatment.   The mother suffered from nephrotic syndrome, the inquest at Hatfield Coroners' Court heard. This is a kidney disorder that means too much protein is passed into the urine. The mother, unfortunately, experienced another seizure while she waited in A&E. Emma required a CT scan and an anaesthetic team was called to sedate her as her tongue swelled, the inquest heard. READ MORE: Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting had long affair with married man  A breathing tube should have been inserted in her trachea, the windpipe, to allow her to breathe but was incorrectly placed in her oesophagus, the food pipe. She went into cardiac arrest that same day and died. After the inquest, Emma Currell's sister Lauren said: "Today was the hardest thing to bear for my family since Emma died. "We're glad at least to have some clearer answers as to what happened. We will never get over Emma's death. "The hospital has said that they have now put in place improved procedures and training to ensure this type of devastation never happens to anyone else. We trust they will fulfil their promise." DON'T MISSBritish woman dies after being attacked by abandoned pit bull in Spain [UPDATE]Sarah Ferguson hints at 'new beginnings' on Instagram [REVEAL]Australia steps up aggressive recruitment of UK police [INSIGHT] Emma Kendall, representing the family in an ongoing civil claim, said: "The Royal College of Anaesthetists ran the No Trace=Wrong Place campaign in 2019 precisely so that this type of catastrophe never occurs. "All it takes is a few minutes training so that staff can operate safely. This tragedy should simply not have happened." Dr Sabu Syed, a trainee anaesthetist, told the hearing: "Initially the tongue was incredibly swollen and a lot of blood was coming from the mouth. "I used suction to remove blood and I was able to push the tongue to the side and got a partial view." After inserting the tube into what she believed to be the windpipe, she asked her senior colleague Dr Prasun Mukherjee to check the breathing tube's position. She said: "Dr Mukhejee was busy doing other tasks. I had a look myself. Unfortunately, her tongue was more swollen." Technician Nicholas Healey said he flagged his concerns when there was no carbon dioxide reading on the ventilator. He said: "I was not confident the tube was in the right place. "A couple of doctors listened to her chest and they were confident there was a reaction." Dr Mukherjee told the hearing he assumed there was a fault with the machine readings or a problem with the monitor as he still detected breathing in the patient. He said he was also concerned about the risks of removing the tube and the danger of surgery.  In a narrative conclusion to the hearing, Graham Danbury, the deputy coroner for Hertfordshire said the carbon dioxide readings were not acted on for a "considerable" period of time. He said: "It is accepted by the hospital that the tube was initially in the wrong place and Dr Mukherjee said action should have been taken sooner."