Lupe Samano made her first appearance on My 600lb Life back in 2016 where she shared her tragic story which led her bedridden with a serious food addiction. Thankfully, with the help of a healthier lifestyle and weight loss surgery, she is now almost below the 200lb mark and has made a complete transformation since her time on the TLC show. Lupe is undoubtedly one of the show’s biggest success stories after dropping well over 400lbs. Her latest social media updates suggest she has managed to keep the weight off and is now living a much healthier life. At the start of her time on My 600lb Life, Lupe couldn’t get out of bed and relied on oxygen to keep her functioning. She tipped the scale at 642lbs when she finally decided to make a difference and visit Dr Younan Nowzaradan, aka Dr Now, for the series. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Marlon Pryce 'killed off' as star addresses future Lupe revealed her weight gain stemmed from being abandoned by her father during her teenage years. Both she and her sister waited in the bath for him to return but they eventually realised he wasn’t coming back, and Lupe turned to food for comfort. She reached over 500lbs before she reached 20 and later slipped into a diabetic coma. Once the TLC show had discovered her, Lupe was 39 and had been confined to her bed for the past 12 years. After realising the danger she was putting herself in, she decided to make a change by signing up for Dr Now’s rigorous weight loss program. While she struggled with diet and exercise at first, Lupe eventually got on board and managed to qualify for gastric bypass surgery. Follow-up episodes have since revealed she managed to lose an incredible 400lbs and weighed 220lbs as of 2019. In an update on her YouTube channel last year, she wrote: “Sometimes I feel like a failure… sometimes I feel I [haven’t] accomplished nothing in life, but after watching this, I can honestly say I’ve come [a long] way.” DON'T MISS:Teen Mom Amber Portwood 'quits' show after 14 years [LATEST]The Last of Us fans ‘in tears’ from Pedro Pascal’s Mario skit [REACTION]Law and Order SVU delayed by schedule shake-up [UPDATE] “I’ve accomplished a whole lot! I might not be [where] I want to be, but I’m not [where] I [used] to be, so I thank God for the strength he has given me to make it through every trial and tribulation I have had to face.” Although she isn’t very active on social media, her most recent posts reveal Lupe looking much healthier after her My 600lb Life experience. However, getting to a healthy weight hasn’t been easy, and she has endured a number of hardships in her personal life along the way. During her episode, her husband Gilbert pressured her to be intimate with him, which caused her stitches following the surgery to tear, leading to infection. She later left Gilbert when she discovered he had been having affairs with other women, and found love with a new partner, Andrew Renteria, in 2017. Sadly, though, Andrew suddenly died unexpectedly in 2019 after suffering from kidney problems, and she is also mourning the recent loss of her parents. TLC’s spin-off My 600lb Life: Where Are They Now? has proven just as popular as the original show, so there could be a chance for viewers to check in with Lupe again in the near future. My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.