A GOP Congressman has warned there are at least three "secret" Chinese police stations on American soil. House China select committee chairman Mike Gallagher, who was first elected as a Republican Representative for Wisconsin in 2016, made the claim during a press event on Saturday in downtown Manhattan. Gallagher said: "This innocent-looking building that you see behind me has an unauthorised secret police station linked to the Chinese Communist Party." The 38-year-old added: "The nonprofit Safeguard Defenders discovered over 100 of these illegal police stations around the world, including at least two more on United States soil." An investigation by Safeguard Defenders revealed that 48 Chinese police service stations were in operation last year. The group identified a further 54 in September. The illegal stations are reportedly located across 53 countries, including four in the US. Fox News claimed that two are located in New York City, one in Los Angeles and an extra one was set up by the Nantong Public Security Bureau in an undisclosed location. Gallagher was accompanied by New York's Democratic Representative Ritchie Torres and Florida's Republican Representative Neal Dunn. The trio sought to stress the need for Joe Biden's administration to act "aggressively" to defend US sovereignty from Beijing's intrusion. Chinese activist Zhuo Fengsuo, who was hounded by the CCP after participating in protests which sparked the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989, joined the politicians in the Big Apple.  Gallagher claimed: "It's rare to find someone who hasn't experienced at least some low-level form of digital harassment from CCP agents. "How have we allowed this to happen on American soil? The answer, in my opinion, is that we have been blind while the CCP has been very cunning." He continued: "They buy our politicians, multinational organisations, companies and in some cases, law enforcement. "They use muscle and threats instead of persuasion. "And, like the mafia, they aren't afraid to make people disappear."  DON'T MISSUS makes big threat to China over ending Ukraine war [LATEST]Meghan and Harry tipped to 'opt out of Coronation'[REPORT]Putin's cheerleaders make threat to nuke Yellowstone [INSIGHT] Zhuo also said: "This is the first time that the Chinese basic community feel that their grievance is heard by American public." Stressing how bipartisan the issue is, Torres added: "Even though chair Gallagher and I come from opposing political parties, the unity we are projecting sends a powerful message that the defence of human rights from the abuses of the CCP ... is not a Democratic value or a Republican value. It's an American value." Torres added: "We are here because we're Americans who believe in the rule of law and human rights and freedom for every single person, including the Chinese dissidents here in the United States." Sino-American relations have been dealt a major blow in recent weeks after spy balloons were spotted across the US. Washington has also put pressure on Beijing not to assist Moscow's efforts in Ukraine, with Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen issuing a fresh warning on Thursday. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews