Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt were looking at Thursday's newspaper stories when they came across one about happiness. The BBC Breakfast presenter pointed out people who work from Monday to Friday usually feel blue on Tuesday instead of Monday. However, it didn't take long for Charlie to take a cheeky swipe at Naga, telling her to "cheer up".   As Charlie held up the newspaper, he said: "Just this story for you about which day we feel most miserable." Turning to Naga he said: "It's not Thursday so cheer up." "Oh, ok," Naga hit back as she insisted: "I am happy." Charlie continued: "It used to be Blue Monday but they say it's actually Tuesday according to this." READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital  "It has always been Tuesday," Naga fired back as Charlie added: "There are loads of tweets showing that Tuesday is the day when everyone gets the most miserable." "It has always been Tuesday," his co-host repeated. "If you work a five-day week, say Monday to Monday to Friday, my theory was when I worked five days a week... was Monday you started and then you thought, 'Okay, I'll just get through this'. "But when you got to Tuesday, you're just as tired and I've still got four more days to go. "That's why Tuesday was the worst day for me." "Wednesday being the middle of the whole thing," Charlie explained. Having none of it, Naga said: "But then you're over the hump, hence hump day." Charlie was keen to move on from the subject and quickly turned to viewers at home. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Amy Slaton confirms death [REACTION]Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex admits Vanessa 'puts him in his place' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as beloved couple reunite  [SPOILERS] Elsewhere in the show, Naga and Charlie discussed the latest reports about Tom Jones' hit song Delilah. The song has been banned from being sung at Wales national stadium this weekend. The duo spoke to one of their Welsh co-stars, who defended the song being sung. The Tom Jones ballad has been under scrutiny for a few years due to its violent connotations. It was removed from Welsh international games in 2015. The discussion sparked a strong reaction from viewers and many branded the ban "woke" and "nonsense". Kev wrote: "Just heard on @BBCBreakfast that Welsh Rugby have banned Delilah from being played in the stadium, I think the Welsh Rugby fans will decide what they sing at the game, not some guy with a clipboard." Claire Tuson tweeted: "What's next The Wild Rose or Hazard! It's just a song, a story; What's next a ban on any film with violence??? Banning Delilah is ridiculous and the fans will just sing it now anyway. @BBCBreakfast." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.