The latest polling reveals strong support for a snap election and more than two out of three voters believe there is a “culture of sleaze” in the UK Government. Despite the challenges facing the Tories, Mr Sunak will be encouraged there is little appetite to replace him with Mr Johnson. When asked to choose between the two men, the Redfield and Wilton Strategies polling found that 40 percent of people said Mr Sunak is the best person to lead the United Kingdom. Only 27 percent said former PM Mr Johnson would do a better job at this time. Forty percent of people said Mr Sunak would give the Conservatives the best chance of winning the next election, with only 28 percent saying Mr Johnson. The polling comes amid speculation that Mr Sunak could come face calls to stand down in favour of Mr Johnson if the party performs badly in the my council elections. Mr Johnson has stayed in the limelight since leaving office by playing marshalling support on both sides of the Atlantic for Ukraine in its battle against the Russian invasion. He decided not to run in October following the fall of Liz Truss but said he believed he was “well placed to deliver a Conservative victory in 2024”. Among Conservative voters there was a slight majority who say Mr Johnson is more likely to lead the Tories to victory (41 percent), compared with 38 percent who think Mr Sunak stands a better chance of keeping them in power. The polling makes clear that Mr Sunak faces an uphill challenge ahead of the election expected next year. More than two-thirds of people (67 percent) think there is a “culture of sleaze” in the UK Government. This follows the Nadhim Zahawi as party chairman for a “serious breach of the ministerial code” for failing to disclose his tax affairs were under investigation by HMRC. Only 27 percent said Mr Sunak had upheld values of “integrity, professionalism and accountability” in his premiership so far, and just 29 percent approved of how he had handled the Zahawi debacle. Mr Rishi may have further reason to worry because voters are keen to go to the polls. Fifty-two percent would support the next general election being held in six weeks, with only 23 percent opposed. A general election does not have to take place until January 2025 but sixty-one per cent would support one this year. When respondents were asked whether Mr Sunak or Sir Keir Starmer would make the best Prime Minister, four out of 10 opted for the Labour leader with just under one in three (32 percent) backing the PM. A significant share of voters have also warmed to shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves. Twenty-eight percent said she would be the best Chancellor for the UK with less than a quarter (24 percent) opting for incumbent Jeremy Hunt. However, nearly half of those polled (48 percent) did not know who would do the best job. A Government source said: “The public know Rishi’s priorities are their priorities. Already in 100 days he has stabilised the economy and mortgage rates, deepened ties with global allies on our collective economic security and support for Ukraine, and set out a concrete plan to tackle the unfairness of illegal migration. “But there’s so much more he wants to deliver, which is why he has set out his five priorities as the starting point for his vision to build a better future for our children and grandchildren - based on a more innovative economy, stronger communities and an NHS built around patients.”