No matter the age, most women want glowing, youthful skin, and with so many beauty and aesthetics treatments on the market, it can be hard to decipher what is the best route to achieve this. World-renowned aesthetician, Dr Amir Zerach has shared his top tips for getting “taut and youthful” skin, and it involves boosting collagen, taking supplements, drinking more water, applying suncream and the best face yoga exercises to complete daily. “The key to having glowing skin is not just focusing on the external layer, but also the deeper layers of your skin too,” Dr Amir Zerach said. “Collagen is the best way to achieve young-looking skin, and there are two ways that we can increase our collagen levels. “We can of course consider external sources, such as collagen creams or injections, however the best way to increase our collagen is actually to look at how we can increase our body’s own collagen production. “There are different ways we can do this. The first is bio stimulators, which are injectable substances designed to activate our own natural fibroblasts and increase collagen production. READ MORE: Smooth out wrinkles in ‘just 30 seconds’ with ‘amazing’ skin tonic “However, another method is to actually create microscars in the deep layers of our tissue. “When you create scars, your body wants to heal itself – and it does this by creating collagen. Therefore, by creating controlled microscars at the right size and location under the skin, it can help stimulate collagen production and create more youthful-looking skin.” “There are a number of simple things we should be doing in our everyday routine to help keep our skin glowing, one of these is increasing our Vitamin C levels,” the expert added. “Vitamin C is an important component in producing collagen, so using supplements or highly-enriched creams is a definite must.” DON'T MISS...Clever reason Kate Middleton chooses roll neck jumpers as her 'go-to' [STYLE COMMENT]Top picks from Aldi Specialbuys & Lidl’s middle aisle this week [FULL LIST]Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE] “Although it’s said a lot of times, hydration is really important,” Dr Amir reiterated. “Even in winter, we should be looking at drinking around three litres of water a day to help our skin stay hydrated and glowing.” The expert continued: “Another thing we should all be doing, which is easily forgotten about in the UK, is to be applying suncream on any sunny day – even in winter! “UV is the most harmful factor for our skin, damaging both the external and internal layers, and so making sure this is a part of your routine will help to prevent skin damage and ageing, and keep your skin glowing.” READ MORE: Makeup artist shares eyeliner advice for an ‘instant facelift’ “Finally, an increasingly popular trend we’re seeing [in the beauty industry] is face yoga, Dr Amir revealed. “This is because as we age, our muscles thin and weaken, meaning they can’t hold the skin layer as tight. “However, face yoga exercises are designed to specifically help you work and strengthen your facial muscles, ultimately helping to keep your skin taut and youthful. “Studies have actually shown that after 20 weeks of performing facial yoga regularly each week, participants saw improved upper and lower cheek fullness, and were perceived as having an overall younger appearance.” As for what exercises beginners can try, Dr Amir recommends The Cheekbone Lift and The V. He explained the steps: “You can try this at home; place your fingers over each cheekbone and gently lift the skin until it’s taut. Then open your mouth to form an O shape, and hold this for five seconds. Then repeat for 10 rounds. “Another exercise to try is The V – this is where you press both your middle fingers together at the inner corner of your two eyebrows. “Then using your index fingers, apply pressure to the outer corners of your eyebrows. Next, without moving your head, look up to the sky and lift the skin below the eyes upwards so that you’re squinting. hold this for five seconds, and repeat for 10 rounds. Finish by squeezing your eyes shut for 10 seconds.”