Mark Wahlberg hits Channel 4 screens tonight at 9pm in Infinite, but long before he was a renowned Hollywood star, he was a rapper. He performed in the group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch and even earned himself a platinum-selling album. But this meant he was pitted against one of the greatest rappers of all time: Eminem. Eminem opened up about the sly disdain between the two musicians. He explained that it all came to a head in 1999 on the TV show Total Request Live. Speaking with Anthony Bozza in the book Whatever You Say I Am: The Life and Times of Eminem, Marshall Mathers explained he was told by MTV that he was going to be on the show with Wahlberg. They added: "He’d appreciate it if we don’t call him [his rapper name] Marky Mark." Eminem recalled Wahlberg arriving and saying: "What, is there supposed to be some f****ng tension in here or something?" The rapper continued: "I pretended like I don’t hear him and s**t. Then we’re on air and […] I’m like: ‘We’ll just stand around here like one big fun bunch!’ So I threw a stab at him. He didn’t want me to say Mark-y. Probably didn’t want me to say funk-y neither." Eminem and reportedly continued to have a dislike for one another as the years went on, but things seemed to simmer out by 2017. Wahlberg was interviewed by GQ and was quizzed about his life. When the subject of Eminem came up, he explained things had cooled off between them. "Very cool guy," he said of Eminem. "Very talented. And yes, I didn’t give him credit for that a long time ago. I was a hater because he’s a better rapper than me." Wahlberg has been very open with his feuds in the past. He previously confessed he had a problem with Leonardo DiCaprio during the filming of the 1995 movie The Basketball Diaries. DON'T MISS...Mark Wahlberg, 51, showcases very muscular body in New Year message [PHOTOS]Princess Sofia detailed partying with Mark Wahlberg on secret blog [INFO]Mark Wahlberg's incredible daily fitness regime - includes 4am workout [FITNESS] Wahlberg was asked about the feud, but he insisted: "It wasn’t a disagreement. I think we both had a specific opinion about each other, certainly." He added: "As a rapper, I was just kinda out-there and loud and crazy and all this stuff, and it was a very serious movie and this very serious part." The actor also revealed the movie's director seemed to take his side in the disagreement. "[Scott Kalvert,] the director of the film, he had made all my music videos [and] he felt like I was more than capable to play the part, but no one had seen me act in a film, so I had to really kinda just go out there and prove myself." These days, Wahlberg puts a lot of effort into becoming close friends with his co-stars. He recently appeared in Uncharted alongside Spider-Man star Tom Holland. During their time acting together, Wahlberg sent the young British actor a lovely gift - but he took it the wrong way. "Mark Wahlberg was kind enough to give me a massage gun after I left his house in LA," Holland recalled. "And he drove me back to my hotel. I was confused as to what kind of massage gun this was, having never seen one before, and I thought it was the type of self-pleasure." He added that he thought Wahlberg was driving him back to his hotel for "reasons other than just being a gentleman". He joked: "I didn't know you. It's Hollywood, baby. Who knows what's gonna happen?" SOURCE / SOURCE