Chelsea star Thiago Silva has revealed that he could pen a new deal at Stamford Bridge in the coming days, with his current contract expiring at the end of the season. The defender has been one of the saving graces for the Blues this season with impressive displays in central defence. Chelsea have invested heavily in young players since the arrival of Todd Boehly, though it is the oldest star in the dressing room with standout displays in central defence. Silva has shone in Graham Potter’s side, with his experience and leadership being incredibly valuable. The Brazil international is currently in talks to extend his stay with the Blues and is likely to prove just as important next season. Speaking to ESPN Brasil, Silva explained: “We are negotiating [a new deal] “Everything will probably happen in the next few days. My intention, and that of the club as well, is to stay together. I know that the club needs me right now. “I am here to be able to help, they are young players, anyway. I know that, with my experience, I can help in this process of rebuilding the club, I'm here for that, willing to do this, however, I know that my responsibility is very great.” Chelsea are short of natural leaders, especially now that Jorginho has departed, and thus it is crucial that they retain the services of Silva. The former PSG star will prove an exceptional mentor to young defenders Wesley Fofana and Benoit Badiashile, ensuring that they are up to standard when he decides to hang up his boots. If Silva does decide to leave Chelsea, he certainly won’t be short of offers. Tony Cascarino believes that Liverpool should attempt to sign him, telling talkSPORT: “He has got the Maldini in him, [can] play until 40 quite comfortably. If Chelsea didn’t offer a contract to him at the end of the season, there will be plenty that would without a doubt, because I would. If I was in a management position, I would be saying ‘I will take him for a year’, absolutely. “Yeah [I would take him at Liverpool], if I could get him for nothing I would get him in absolutely, he is a fabulous footballer. He is so composed, rarely gets in trouble, everybody talks about his age and people think you can get behind him and run him, I can’t think of many who have actually outran him and got in behind, he seems to read the game so well.”