The rivalry between Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and Veterans Minister Johnny Mercer came out into the open this morning. Mr Wallace openly mocked the man who sits around the cabinet table with him in an interview with Nick Ferrari on LBC. Mr Ferrari quoted Mr Mercer's criticism of him saying Mr Wallace had been on "a lobbying effort" pointing out that defence funding had increased from £8billion to £50billion." Mr Mercer had said: "It's not credible to say money has been taken out of defence. I play everyone with a straight bat. This Prime Minister as Chancellor only 18 months ago gave defence the biggest settlement since the Second World War." Mr Wallace hit back belittling his colleague who also attends cabinet. He said: "Johnny is a junior minister." He went on: "He's not the Secretary of State "I run a department of 224,000 people I think it is. He’s got 12 people in the office." The interview drew a rapid reaction from Mr Mercer's wife Felicity who has become well-known for not holding back in defending her husband. She also berated Liz Truss on Twitter when her husband was sacked as Veterans Minister. Today she Tweeted: "Wow! The disdain from @BWallaceMP for @JohnnyMercerUK and his office for veterans affairs really is something else.. you may start to realise why care for veterans is such a daily battle." The exchanges are the latest in a relationship between the two ministers which is becoming famous of Conservative MPs for its bitterness. READ MORE: UK military crisis as weapons and kit 'horrible and broken' When he became Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak reinstated Mr Mercer as Veterans Minister but crucially took veterans affairs outside the MoD and instead put it in the Cabinet Office where he has more oversight. There had been claims that Mr Wallace had persuaded Ms Truss to sack Mr Mercer in the first place. One Tory mP noted: "eEveryone knows Johnny would like Ben's job and does not pretend that he thinks he would be better at it. "Ben really doesn't like that and really doesn't like Johnny." The row has come as the Defence Commmittee has launched an inquiry into the litany of problems with defence procurement with heavy armour for the army still not coming until the next decade and new Type 45 Destroyers unable to sail in warm water. Senior MoD official Andy Start this week admitted that some weapons programmes are "really horrible and broken".