Southampton have sacked Nathan Jones after just 95 days and 14 games in charge, ending a disastrous tenure as manager at St Mary's. The Saints are rock-bottom of the Premier League and have announced their plans ahead of next weekend's daunting clash with Chelsea. Saturday's 2-1 defeat at home to Wolves after leading against 10 men was the final straw for Jones, whose calamitous reign won't be remembered fondly on the south coast. The Welshman lost seven of his eight Premier League games in charge, bearing an overall record of nine defeats in 14 outings. And Southampton have decided to make a change to give them hope of rescuing what currently poses as a direct train to the Championship. On Sunday morning, a club statement read: "Southampton Football Club can confirm it has parted company with Men's First Team Manager Nathan Jones. "First Team Coaches Chris Cohen and Alan Sheehan have also left the club. First Team Lead Coach Ruben Selles will take charge of training and prepare the team ahead of next weekend's game against Chelsea." JUST IN: Man Utd respond to Ronaldo complaints with 'multi-million revamp' Southampton are enduring their worst home league run in 25 years, losing five successive games at St Mary's. The Saints have picked up just six points from a possible 33 at home this season, the worst such record in the Premier League. Jones headed straight for the tunnel after his latest defeat, admitting after full-time that it was the first time he did so in his coaching career. He said: "I have never done that in my life before. In 390 games, I have never done that. But I am not sure if me going around clapping would have shown respect." Jones leaves Southampton on 15 points after just four wins in 22 league games, four points from safety, having played one game more than 17th-place Leeds United. DON'T MISS Chelsea still fuming at Tomas Soucek handball in West Ham drawArsenal robbed as VAR 'forgot' to draw lines in offside Brentford goalReece James sends message to Chelsea fan knocked out by brutal punch The gap to Premier League isn't unassailable and will be a welcome challenge for Jones' replacement, with plenty of football still to play. But Southampton have been criticised for dithering over Ralph Hassenhuttl's future, rushing to appoint an unsuitable fit in Jones, and delaying his inevitable dismissal. The club must make the right decision this time around if they want to avoid returning to the Championship 11 years after promotion to the top flight. Chelsea, who have won just two of their last 13 games under Graham Potter, could face the ever-dreaded 'new manager bounce' when they host Southampton at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here