The Duke of Sussex’s "rugged and masculine" look has reportedly sparked a beard growing trend. Turkey, known for its hair transplants, has seen a surge in demand for costly beard transplants in recent weeks, with one clinic reporting a 100 percent increase. The steep rise in demand for the £2,500 hair treatment is such that EsteNove in Istanbul has dubbed it the "Prince Harry" effect. The clinic claims the reason behind that rise is the cover of Harry’s tell-all memoir 'Spare' which patients bring in the hope of looking exactly like the Duke of Sussex. While interest in beard transplants has "grown steadily" in recent years, its co-founder Batuhan Kizilcan told MailOnline the trend has "exploded in recent weeks". He said: "The number of transplants we are carrying out has increased by 100 per cent, and we have christened it the 'Prince Harry effect'." Mr Kizilcan said the Duke’s name is "on everyone’s lips", with patients wishing to emulate the prince and citing the picture on the cover of his book at recent appointments. He said: "Our clients think his beard makes him look rugged and masculine and they want to achieve similar results." Turkey's hair transplant industry has boomed in recent years, with revenues topping £ 1 billion per year, according to estimates by the Council on Foreign Economic Relation Board think tank. But the clinic owner said men are also experiencing problems with facial hair such as "gaps" which "makes it look patchy or straggly". He added: "Sometimes, beard hair grows at a very slow or inconsistent pace. More often than not, this has a genetic background. The face can look very empty, with patches of hair here and there." READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unlikely friendship with Jill Biden as she reads Spare The latest frenzy, he added, is Harry’s famous ginger fuzz and sideburns. With recent technological advances, men can choose whatever cut, shape, density and shape of beard they want. Now, they all want Harry’s beard, Mr Kizilcan said. The clinic has doubled its beard transplant procedures, going from 5 percent to 10 percent of all the procedures EsteNove carries out per month on average, with an average cost of £2,500. By contrast, a similar treatment costs anywhere between £1,000 and 30,000 in Britain, according to the NHS. The clinic reports about 50 percent of its 3,000 annual clients are British. DON'T MISS:Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting slams Prince Harry's book [REPORT]Harry and Meghan make joint appearance to present Archewell prize [REPORT]Sussexes set for 'icy' UK return as Camilla's family 'steal limelight' [REPORT] Beard transplant surgery involves taking hair from one part of the body and transplanting it to your jawline and wherever you want your beard to grow. Hair follicles are first microscopically examined from the donor site to find the strongest contenders for success. The transplanted hair will fall out after a few weeks and then start to grow again, with a full beard reportedly expected in 10 months. In Britain, it is estimated that excess loss and hair thinning affect 70 percent of all men by 70 and 50 percent of women by 50, according to Men’s Health Forum. READ NEXT:Meghan makes first appearance since Spare in new promo video for brandHarry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking'William and Charles are 'incredibly close' as pair bond over Harry rowCourteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at houseHarry reportedly adding another chapter to his tell-all memoir