Andy Murray has given his reasoning as to why he has found himself involved in multiple lengthy final-set matches this season. The world No 70 is yet to win a match in straight sets and has found himself in his first semi-final since last June at this week’s Qatar ExxonMobil Open in Doha after more three-set battles, including a three hour clash with Alexander Zverev. And Murray believes the calibre of his opponents has led to the marathon matches as he admitted he wanted to win faster. Murray is into the last four of this week’s ATP 250 in Doha after coming from a set down in all three of his matches this week. It means that all of the Brit’s wins this season have come in final set matches as he also played back-to-back five set epics to win his first two rounds at the Australian Open - with his match against Thanasi Kokkinakis becoming the longest of his career with his latest finish. The world No 70 has now defeated Lorenzo Sonego, Zverev and French qualifier Alexandre Muller in three sets at the Qatar ExxonMobil Open, with his match against the German lasting three hours and two minutes. And he addressed his reputation for marathon matches after booking a spot in the semi-final with his 4-6 6-1 6-2 victory over Muller - a notably shorter match compared to his others clocking in at two hours and four minutes. While Murray thought that he could have raised his level earlier in the match against the world No 170 on Thursday, he theorised that the level of his opponents forced him to play longer matches. “Yeah, well, I think obviously like today I could help myself more by starting the match quicker, but also, you know, if I look at also like some of the players that I have played against this year, you know, they're not easy matches,” he told reporters.  JUST IN: Emma Raducanu can learn from Alcaraz after similar post-US Open slump   Naming Zverev and Matteo Berrettini - his first-round Aussie Open opponent - the three-time Major champion continued: “Zverev, granted, he's coming back from injury, but, you know, still a very difficult match. Sonego, I think in these conditions, can play very well. I think the other night he played a solid match. Berrettini in the first round of the Australian Open, like, that's never going to be easy.” But Murray thought that his spell of final-set matches would eventually come to an end as he added: “Yeah, like I said, obviously I would like to have quicker matches, but, you know, sometimes, it happens this way, and I'm sure that's not going to continue throughout the rest of the season. It's just a period that I'm going through where the matches are difficult.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal have two players threatening Slam hopesAlcaraz urged to follow Djokovic and Nadal after 'wrong things' remarkAlcaraz coach reignites Djokovic injury debate with 'impossible' claim And the current world No 70 said that he was taking the positives from the victories a few days after admitting that his Aussie Open run gave him plenty of confidence in his body to hold up over lengthy matches and keep on winning. “But with each of these wins, I'll build more and more confidence and, you know, hopefully continue to start the matches a bit quicker, a bit better because of that,” he said. “I'm sure some easier or quicker wins will come, as I'm sure there will be the occasional loss that's quick, too. Yeah, it's just one of those things the way that the matches have played out to start the season.” 