March will get off to an explosive start on Disney+ with the Stars Wars series The Mandalorian and the second season of Abbott Elementary dropping on the streaming service. Later in the month, comedy series UnPrisoned starring Kerry Washington will air while Grey's Anatomy will say goodbye to Meredith Grey as the 19th series continues. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about what to watch on Disney+ in March. It's been over a year since Pedro Pascal was seen as Din Djarin but he returns for season three after being reunited with Grogu. Meanwhile, the New Republic struggles to lead the galaxy away from its dark history. The Mandalorian will cross paths with old allies and make new enemies as he and Grogu continue their journey together. The series will drop on Disney+ on March 1 with new episodes streaming weekly. The Golden Globe winning comedy follows a group of dedicated, passionate teachers — and a slightly tone-deaf principal —as they navigate the Philadelphia public school system. D Despite the odds stacked against them, they are determined to help their students succeed in life, and though these incredible public servants may be outnumbered and underfunded, they love what they do — even if they don’t love the school district’s less-than-stellar attitude towards educating children. All 10 episodes of Abbott Elementary will be available to stream from March 1. In 1999, Michael Matthews became the youngest Briton to climb Mount Everest but three hours after he summited, he disappeared and was never found. Aged just 10 when Michael went missing, his brother, entrepreneur and broadcaster Spencer Matthews, always struggled to accept his death. Over 20 years later, Spencer receives a photo of a body on the mountain that could be Michael. He heads to Nepal and recruits Nims Purja, the world '14 peaks' record holder, to lead a team and search Everest's ‘Death Zone’ to try to find Michael. Once at an extreme altitude of over 8000m, the team relies on a 10-man search crew, armed with drones and the skillset to go off the summit lines. But as the weather closes in and with time against them, they face a series of unexpected challenges. The original documentary will be available to watch exclusively on Disney+ from March 3. Disney picked up Unprisoned as its first scripted comedy series inspired by creator Tracy McMillan's life. Eight episodes long, it follows a messy but perfectionist relationship therapist and single mom whose life is turned right-side-up when her dad gets out of prison and moves in with her and her teenage son. Kerry Washington leads the cast as Paige Alexander, a marriage and family therapist and mom to 16-year-old Finn. Unprisoned will be available to stream on Disney+ from March 10. Fans of the medical drama better get their tissues ready as Grey Sloan Memorial will say goodbye to Meredith Grey in the next episode of season 19. Ellen Pompeo has stepped back from her leading role allowing other characters to take centre stage. Meredith is about to travel across the country to start a new life and help daughter Zola adjust to a new school. New episodes of the much-loved drama will drop weekly from March 8.