Manchester City could thwart Arsenal and Chelsea's planned summer pursuits of Declan Rice by offering West Ham United a secret weapon as part of a swap deal. Rice is set to be at the centre of one of the transfer window's high-profile races, and Pep Guardiola could have the advantage. The 24-year-old is widely expected to complete a long-anticipated big-money move at the end of the season, ending a nine-year spell at West Ham. He joined the Hammers' youth ranks from Chelsea in 2014 and has since become the club's captain and a certified London Stadium hero. Chelsea are reportedly interested in re-signing Rice this summer, joining Arsenal and Manchester United in being heavily linked in recent years. But Man City could blow all three rivals out of the water by offering an enticing deal involving his England team-mate, Kalvin Phillips. According to the Star, West Ham want to sign Phillips as Rice's successor and remain convinced he is the right candidate, despite a disappointing maiden season at City. READ MORE: Man Utd squad's view on Mason Greenwood returning as Ten Hag rings  David Moyes eyed the 27-year-old last summer, and West Ham indicated they were willing to eclipse City's £42million bid. Phillips was sold by the prospect of challenging for major trophies under Pep Guardiola, though, and left Leeds United for the Etihad Stadium. However, the start of his City career hasn't gone to plan due to injury frustrations and other issues. He has made just eight appearances in all competitions and was hauled off from his sole start early in the 2-0 Carabao Cup defeat at Southampton. And Guardiola publicly criticised him for returning from England duty at the Qatar World Cup overweight. DON'T MISS Chelsea continue wild spending by handing Morgan '£6m record contract'Spurs could sign four Benfica stars if they appoint Rui Pedro BrazGraham Potter offers nine-word response over permanent Felix transfer West Ham would be ready to offer him an escape route as they prepare to sell Rice, with their valuation set to be around a British-record £120m. The report claims City could use him to lower Rice's fee and sweeten the deal for the Hammers, who are expected to pursue Phillips regardless of their skipper's situation. Phillips could be interested in a move to east London if he remains on the fringes of Guardiola's squad for the remainder of the season. With Euro 2024 set to go down in Germany next year, he will be desperate to restore his status as a starter in Gareth Southgate's England squad. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here