Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury goes down tonight after eighteen months of waiting. The stage is set and “the truth” will finally come out, as it is fittingly billed. Many had doubted whether the fight would take place given their messy history but both men are over in Saudi Arabia ready to make it happen at the third time of asking. Paul comes in with a 6-0 professional record having beaten former MMA champion Ben Askren, Tyron Woodley and Anderson Silva en route to his grudge match with TNT. Meanwhile, Fury is 8-0 with his most notable win coming against Paul’s sparring partner Anthony Taylor. Live stream/TV channel Paul vs Fury will be broadcast live on BT Sport Box Office in the UK. The pay-per-view price has been set at £19.95. BT Sport’s coverage will get underway from 6.30pm and can be live-streamed via their app and website on all good internet-connected devices including mobile phones, laptops and smart TVs. You can keep up to date with all of the latest news surrounding the bout here on Express Sport. Venue/fight times The event is taking place at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia. The undercard is set to commence at 5pm UK time with the Paul vs Fury main event ring walks expected at around 9.30pm. Full card Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack – WBC cruiserweight title fight Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Adam Saleh vs Evil Hero Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Ragad Al Naimi vs TBA Salaman Hamada vs TBA Ziad Al-Majrashi vs TBA MORE BOXING NEWS... Frank Warren agrees with Tyson Fury about Anthony Joshua Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Wilder as fourth fight bashed Riakporhe explains what sparked clash with Okolie at Creed premiere  Quotes Tommy Fury told Express Sport: “To everybody that thinks this fight won’t go ahead, I mean on my part which is the only part I can speak for, I will one hundred million per cent be there in Saudi Arabia. I want to give a big shout to everybody in Saudi Arabia. I’m looking to put on a show for everyone in attendance and everybody watching around the world." Jake Paul: “I’m used to his behaviour at this point. He’s unprofessional, he’s a flake, he’s not a serious businessman, he’s not a serious fighter. I’m going to prove that, that’s why this fight is called the truth, because the truth is going to come out. He’s going to have to pay for all the times he pulled out, all the businesspeople he screwed over.”