Heartbroken Brooke Shields took to Instagram today and revealed her family bid a sad farewell to their pet pooch Pepper, also known as Magoo. The Hollywood star admitted it was the "hardest thing she's ever had to do". The 57-year-old shared a series of family photos with her pet dog as she penned an emotional tribute. In view of her 1.7 million followers, Brooke wrote: "Today we had to say goodbye to our beloved furry girl Pepper, aka 'Magoo.' It was the hardest thing we have ever had to do. She was Pure Love." The American actress was inundated with messages of support from her celebrity pals as they offered their condolence. Actress Rhea Seehorn penned: "I am so, so, sorry, Brooke." READ MORE: Alex Beresford recovers from 'surgery' after earpiece got stuck Helena Christensen commented: "I’m so glad I got to know her. She was so adorable and I’m so, so sorry for your loss of your beautiful girl." Naomi Watts shared: "Sending love. So hard." Christie Brinkley wrote: "Oh so sorry!" Ali Wentworth added a heart emoji. The heartbreaking post comes just days after the Pretty Baby actress took Pepper for a walk in Central Park. Brooke sported a cosy oversized sweater, which she paired with white trainers and bootcut jeans. Her adorable pooch could be seen resting her head on the on-screen star's lap. The Blue Lagoon star captioned the post: "Took Pepper to meet my old friend Balto! #centralpark." The snap was taken beside the statue of Balto - the sled dog has nobly stood on a rock outcropping since 1925. Balto, who was a husky, was also one of the lead dogs who helped to deliver medicines to those people struck down by diphtheria during an outbreak in Alaska back in 1925. A group of New York City artists, led by Cecilia Beaux, felt strongly that he should be commemorated in Central Park, so they raised the funds to create his statue. Visitors to Central Park often pose for pictures with their own dogs beside the large statue. Meanwhile, Netflix is currently eying a new romantic comedy called Mother of the Bride starring Brooke, Benjamin Bratt, and Miranda Cosgrove. The movie is about a young woman named Emma who is getting married to the love of her life at a wedding taking place at a resort in Phuket, Thailand. Emma learns while there that her mother, Lana, had her heartbroken in college by her soon-to-be husband RJ’s father. This news puts a whole new light on what’s supposed to be their big day.