He had written The Gulag Archipelago, a three-volume non-fiction investigation into the notorious Soviet forced labour camp system in which millions were imprisoned, tortured, and often killed - most for no reason. Much more quickly than we realise, the United Kingdom, and much of the Western world, is drifting towards a dystopia from which we will have to find the means to extricate ourselves if we want to remain a free people. And to be brave enough not to live by lies will be our only way out. The most obvious observation currently is that officialdom is forcing us to accept falsehoods. While our world is beset with problems, most of them of our expert class’s making, they flood our airwaves with the biggest, most daring and most damaging lie of all - That is to say that a person can change his sex. Inflation is still stubbornly high; immigration is fully out of control; Ukraine looks like it might succumb to the Russian foe anytime.And yet, every day we are subjected to endless propaganda on “trans rights” – a concept that was completely alien to most only half a decade ago. They do so as if the wellbeing of humanity depended on it and all major societal problems had already been resolved. The truth is that the issue is of marginal concern, affecting as it does only a very small fraction of one percent of the total population. As India Willoughby, a trans broadcaster, admitted on BBC’s Question Time last week: “As I say there's hardly any of us around anyway”. No matter, our officials, elected or appointed, have seemingly convinced themselves that transgenderism, whatever that might mean, must be forced down our people’s throats unremittingly. So much so that some have sacrificed themselves on this new belief’s altar. Indeed, Nicola Sturgeon chose the Gender Recognition Bill as the hill on which to die politically in her perpetual quest for Scottish Independence. She could have picked fishing rights, defence, trade. But she opted for Gender, an issue with no political purchase in Scotland, or England, Wales or Northern Ireland for that matter. The bill would have given 16-year-old children the ability to choose their sex legally. These youngsters, though, would not be allowed, according to Scottish law, to buy cigarettes until they reached full adulthood. Most amusingly, she picked a fight with deeply unpopular Rishi Sunak over the constitutionality of the Gender Recognition Bill and lost. Providing a little bit of sunshine on Sunak’s sorrowful occupancy of Downing Street in the process. While the timing was unfortunate given the recent case of the convicted rapist (formerly Graham) Bryson being sent to an all-female jail, it is the content that is so absurd. Pushed repeatedly to say whether or not the rapist was female, Sturgeon would not reply.  The Scottish Citizen’s Advice Bureau defines rape as “when a person uses their penis to penetrate another person without that person's consent.” That then should be the end of the story. As Piers Morgan recently said, a “woman doesn't have a penis” – ergo, only a man does. But the insanity is so widespread that people in supposed positions of authority believe we will follow them down their “end of the world” rabbit hole and convince the rest of us, through endless bovine repetition, that an issue that was settled at Creation is now too complex to answer.