Iceland has announced it is closing half a dozen stores across the country. It is not yet known if employees working in these stores are at risk of redundancy. Two stores shut up shop tomorrow, Saturday, February 24. These are the stores in Mill Lane, Bromsgrove and Chineham Shopping Centre in Basingstoke. Other locations of stores closing next month are: READ MORE: Tesco limits some salad products for shoppers An Iceland spokesperson told The Sun: "We continually review our Iceland Foods and The Food Warehouse store portfolio to ensure we’re delivering the best experiences for our customers across the country." Express.co.uk has contacted Iceland for a comment. Currently, there are around 500 Iceland branches and 153 Food Warehouse stores in the UK. Iceland specialises in frozen foods but has diversified its offering in recent years. DON'T MISS:Best anti-ageing face exercises to get ‘taut and youthful skin’ [GUIDE]Three steps to achieve ‘sparkling, streak-free’ windows in minutes [EXPERT]Clever reason Kate Middleton chooses roll neck jumpers as her 'go-to' [COMMENT]  Iceland specialises in frozen foods but has diversified its offering in recent years. For the six months up to September, the company recorded an operating loss of £4million. Iceland boss Richard Walker previously warned it had been forced to halt new store openings as it dealt with a £20million increase in its energy bills. Mr Walker explained he was “fighting to keep the lights on” and called for an energy price cap for British businesses. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range While many businesses are struggling with soaring energy bill prices, Iceland has suffered more than other supermarkets because of its reliance on storing food in fridges and freezers. Mr Walker told The Mail on Sunday: “We've got to make decisions because we have got this unmanageable volatility. “In some instances, it might just be easier to mothball shops or temporarily close them because the energy costs are just completely unsustainable.” It is not known whether the six locations mentioned above have been temporarily closed or will be permanently closed. Iceland are not the only high street store to be closing some of its doors, Marks and Spencer has accelerated plans to close some it its stores across the UK. Marks and Spencer is having a five-year shakeup, with 110 stores being closed altogether, and 104 new “bigger and fresher” food stores opening. 67 of the 104 stores being closed have had plans accelerated, with the following seven stores being closed this year.