Gerard Houllier gave Liverpool supporters high expectations for Bruno Cheyrou upon his arrival at the club in 2002, and it ultimately set him up for failure at Anfield. The playmaker scored just two goals in the Premier League before it was ruled that he was surplus to requirements at the club. Houllier enjoyed his fair share of success with the Reds, winning the FA Cup and UEFA Cup in six seasons at the club. However, over the course of his tenure, the former Aston Villa boss welcomed some incredibly underwhelming signings – and he could have won more trophies in Merseyside with more effective recruitment. Though that isn’t to say that Houllier himself was not convinced by the stars that he welcomed to Liverpool. Speaking after signing Cheyrou from Lille in a deal worth £4.5million, the manager said: “Bruno has got great skill, good vision and an eye for the pass. "I don't make comparisons with Zidane lightly and I believe he can become an important player for Liverpool. Bruno has the same kind of touch and style that Zidane has. There's a lot of similarities between the two when they're on the ball. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team "The difference is that Zidane is 30 years old and has a wealth of experience while Bruno is 24 and playing abroad for the first time. The Premiership is very hard physically and Bruno needs to become a little bit tougher. "It's something that players new to England have to get used to. It was something Robert Pires had to learn to cope with." DON'T MISS Martin Odegaard and Jack Grealish in disagreement after Arsenal vs Man City clash Man Utd hatch Mason Greenwood plan involving 'groups from the men's and women's squads' Italy legend Marco Materazzi gave Mario Balotelli ‘a good beating’ under Mourinho's reign  Houllier insisted that Cheyrou should be scouted on several occasions prior to the move, feeling that he could prove to be the final piece of the puzzle and deliver success. But that was markedly far from the truth, with the midfielder making just 31 appearances over the course of two seasons in Merseyside. Cheyrou was regularly rotated into the Reds team in cup competitions but saw his opportunities fizzle out in the Premier League, especially after Houllier agreed to leave the club by mutual consent. Rafa Benitez arrived from Valencia and promptly started to make his presence felt, insisting that Cheyrou did not have a future at the club. The playmaker spent time out on loan at Marseille and Bordeaux – who both opted against making the moves permanent – before he was offloaded to Rennes, who he made over 100 appearances for in all competitions.