Ferrari have denied claims they are suffering testing woes after concerns were raised by Red Bull and Mercedes. The Scuderia blamed the bumpy nature of the Bahrain circuit for their bouncing after teams suggested the Italian squad was suffering from porpoising.  Formu1a.uno also stressed Ferrari were running experimental settings on their ride heights. They have also reported mechanics in Maranello were not worried despite Max Verstappen’s early pace on day one. It comes after Mercedes and Red Bull agreed that Ferrari were struggling with two issues on day one. According to Auto Motor und Sport, the two teams noted that Ferrari was suffering with tyre degradation issues and an unstable car. Ex-Mercedes driver Anthony Davidson spotted Carlos Sainz’s Ferrari bobbing through the quick turn 12. He explained: “Maybe they are just starting to sneak the car down. You see the bouncing through turn 12. READ MORE: Mercedes and Red Bull 'agree on new Ferrari car' “Sparking away there at the rear. They are starting to test things by dropping the car lower and lower. Porpoising, bouncing hasn't gone away this year. It will always be a problem, with a ground effects car it will also be a problem.” However, he defended the team this morning as he assessed Ferrari had likely run their car “out of the sweet spot” yesterday. He added: “I think today they will be running it with a bit more downforce.” New Ferrari team boss Frederic Vasseur cooled the speculation after running yesterday as he told the media that everything was going smoothly. DON'T MISSFerrari boss speaks out on FIA president's position as tensions rise  [INSIGHT]Ferrari hit with double blow as similar Lewis Hamilton issues raised [ANALYSIS]Sergio Perez admits Red Bull have pre-season 'problems' [COMMENT] He commented: “It's not at all like it was one year ago when it bounced like a kangaroo. We have some parts of the track that are a bit more bumpy than before, especially turn 1. It's a different issue. “For now the most important thing is to gain mileage, and so far everything is going according to plan.” Italian media has also revealed Ferrari will run a new floor on Friday or Saturday before the end of testing. However, reports claim the team suffered a DRS issue yesterday which forced the team to make a rear wing change in the afternoon. The team also suffered an issue with their nose cone early on as cameras spotted a “dimple” on the bodywork as the car travelled at speed. The Prancing Horse confirmed the phenomenon was “not intentional” with the team expected to find a fix.