Jurgen Klopp has delivered a hugely promising update on the fitness of Diogo Jota and several other players ahead of Liverpool's two-legged round of 16 tie against Real Madrid in the Champions League later this month. The Reds have been terrorised by the Spanish giants in previous meetings but could see their hopes of progressing to the quarter-finals boosted if Jota is passed fit to play when they lock horns again later this month. The Portuguese forward has been sidelined for a number of months as a result of an injury suffered before the World Cup, but Klopp revealed in Friday's press conference that he returned to training for one session this week as he continues to close in on his long-awaited comeback."Generally it’s looking better," said Klopp when pressed for an injury update. "The boys are training, Diogo Jota had a full session with the team this week but then the next day had again a rehab session, not because of the session the day before, it was just part of the plan. I think he will be back in normal training next week."Klopp went on to confirm that Roberto Firmino, Virgil van Dijk and Luis Diaz have also taken plenty of positive steps and should be primed to return to action for Liverpool in the not-too-distant future, although Ibrahima Konate is slightly further behind in his own recovery process as things stand. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp names Rashford as 'best example' for Liverpool players "Bobby’s getting closer obviously, very good," added the Reds manager. "Luis is running now. That will take a few weeks still but he’s now out on the pitch running which is really good. Virgil is getting closer but not ready for the game [against Wolves on Saturday] obviously."Parts of training next week for Virgil. Nothing else so far, but there are still two hours until training. Ibou is out, Ibou has a muscle injury, again he didn’t think it was massive. It happened in the game [against Brighton last weekend]. I ask him, ‘Are you okay?’ ‘Yeah, I’m okay!’ After the game, treatment, scan. Bam, out. "Partnership, it’s not cool. Always the changes, you don’t want to have that. These changes you want to make when you rotate, when we bring them together and everyone is in the perfect moment. But Joey and Joel have played together before so it’s not a massive problem. But it’s not perfect, that’s clear."It remains to be seen whether all of Liverpool's injured stars will be fit and ready to face Real Madrid later this month as the Reds look to upset the defending European champions over 180 minutes of football. The Merseyside giants are expected to go into the tie as the clear underdogs as a result of their sub-par form in the Premier League so far this season, although their job would be made significantly easier if the likes of Jota, Van Dijk and Diaz manage to return to peak fitness in time for the first leg on February 21. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.