Drug dealers in a major Chinese city could soon find themselves being busted by the newest recruits to the country's narcotics division- drug-sniffing squirrels. As part of a new initiative, six Eurasian red squirrels in Chongqing, China have been "successfully trained" and are set to join the city's police force. This squad of red rodents have been trained to sniff out drugs and were selected because they are small enough to be able to reach places that dogs cannot. These tiny and agile animals have joined the southwestern Chinese city's elite narcotics division. These six Eurasian red squirrels will now aid the city's police force by being deployed out to large complex sites, such as logistics warehouses to sniff out hidden drug stashes. The squirrels were selected as part of a police initiative to test out the use of a number of animals in drug-busting operations. These animals were selected because they are small enough to reach places inaccessible to dogs, and they have been trained to squeeze into compact spaces and find drugs hidden inside tightly packaged parcels. The trainers have taught the students to use their claws to scratch the suspicious boxes, which will alert their handlers of possible drugs.   Yin Jin, a police dog handler in Chongqing, China, was assigned to train the squirrel anti-narcotics squad. On Monday, she told state media outlet Chongqing Daily that the animals had done an "excellent job" in their drug detection tests so far. She noted that this squirrel squad was trained after the culmination years of research, noting: "These squirrels have a rather keen sense of smell." However, these rodents will not see field action just yet, with Ms Yin noting in an interview on Thursday that it may be a while until they are actually utilised in drug busts. She added that this is because it took the police years to be confident that they were correctly training the squirrels for their new job, saying: "Our techniques in training rodents was not mature enough before." READ MORE: NASA shares images of Egyptian pyramids from space with a challenge Chinese state-owned media outlet People’s Daily shared footage of the rodents scurrying between canisters and boxes and then sniffing the right container to discover the drugs. Elsewhere in science news, the bizarre, unidentifiable remains of a mystery creature that resembles a dead hippo have been found washed up on a New Zealand beach by a British expat. Jim Diggle, 80, found the carcass on Westshore Beach, in Hawke’s Bay, while beachcombing for art supplies. Mr Diggle, who originally hailed from Rothbury in Northumberland, moved out to New Zealand in the 1960s. Mr Diggle said: "I was beach ‘fossicking’ — collecting shells, stones, glass and pottery shards to make ‘beach art’ from what I find. "I had my head down looking for anything of interest and almost walked into it. I got a hell of a shock! "I have been beach walking for years and never seen anything of either its size or appearance. My first impression was that of a hippopotamus. It was the shape — hairless and very big. "I was also aware that it could have been a very large wild boar or a bull, for instance, bloated with internal gases."