Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has subtly demanded that the club's potential new owners provide him with the financial backing required to make his rebuild a success. He had to target loan signings in January to reinforce his squad still challenging on all fronts. United went big in his first transfer window, splashing around £200million on five permanent additions. It has helped Ten Hag make a positive start at Old Trafford, but the Premier League is becoming more competitive by the transfer window, with Arsenal emerging as surprise title favourites. And United's loan dealings in the winter, while rival forces re-opened their wallets, highlighted the Glazers' financial limitations, the reason they plan to sell the club after an 18-year reign at the helm. Ahead of his second summer transfer window as Red Devils boss, and potentially the first under new ownership, Ten Hag has made his position known. READ MORE: Greenwood's 'spirits lifted' by Ten Hag chat as Man Utd face decision  The Dutchman has explained there is a clear need for financial support as well as a good strategy and admitted he has a plan B if he can't complete his desired business to progress in the coming months. He told reporters: "For a long time, I think the Premier League was always a two-horse race. But now I think it's a six, seven, eight-horse race. "It's about strategy - but also, of course, it's about finance. I am here to manage the team, to get the best out of them, and of course, I have a job in bringing the right players in. "I have to be in debate with the management of the club about this, the board of the club - and we have a lot of communication about it. DON'T MISS Spurs could sign four Benfica stars if they appoint Rui Pedro BrazGraham Potter offers nine-word response over permanent Felix transferMan Utd 'sounding out sponsors' about Mason Greenwood return "But I'm not here for the finance. I'm here to achieve sporting aims and goals. So I am calm in the [current] situation. I'm planning, and I always try to go for the best we can get - but also, we have to have a plan B." Next Friday marks the deadline for interested parties to submit their bids to US merchant bank Raine, with five serious suitors expected to enter the race. The Glazers are understood to want £6billion to walk away from United amid strong interest from Qatar, the United States and British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe. Any successful party will be expected to inject funds into Ten Hag's sporting project and the redevelopment of Old Trafford and the club's Carrington training facilities. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here