Other disappointing gifts include candles, budget jewellery, and the “wrong” perfume – with some also having received socks, a half-eaten box of chocolates, and a car mat. But while some consider Valentine's Day to be money down the drain, 31 percent admit they'd be miffed if their other half did absolutely nothing. The research, commissioned by Railcard.co.uk, also revealed what would go down well on February 14 – with 22 percent wanting to celebrate it by going for a weekend or few days away in the UK. Relationship expert and coach, Sarah Louise Ryan, said: “Couples who travel together often end up more fulfilled and happier in their relationship. “There are many reasons for this – inclusive of the fact it encourages communication and can deepen feelings of commitment as they plan their trips ahead of time, looking towards the future. “Travel allows more opportunities for romance and time outside of the day-to-day routine, meaning romantic sparks can be reignited. “What’s more, having special places that remind you of happy times can serve as the building blocks of a long-term, fulfilling partnership. “Where flowers and chocolates can play a part, this Valentine’s Day I’d encourage all couples to carve out some time to book and experience a romantic getaway, whether for a day trip or a long weekend.” The study also found 36 percent consider the act of planning a trip together to be a key sign of commitment during a fledgling relationship. Similarly, three in ten claim to feel most connected to their partner when exploring new surroundings, while 25 percent feel at their best as a couple when spending time outdoors. And for those thinking of planning a last-minute getaway within the UK this Valentine’s, the Lake District, Cornwall, and the Cotswolds were voted the most romantic spots. Catherine Lyver, of Railcard.co.uk, which offers a “Two Together Railcard” entitling two adults to discounted train travel, said: “Our latest research reinforces that travelling together strengthens relationships.”