Martin Roberts has saved a pub after it was closed at the start of lockdown following the Covid pandemic. The Homes Under The Hammer presenter has spilled all the details in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The 59-year-old has big plans to renovate the derelict pub located in Blaencwm in Wales. The BBC favourite said he planned to reopen the pub for the community but didn't initially tell his wife Kirsty Roberts. The small-screen star revealed she was left "surprised" but his supportive wife of 13 years was also intrigued by the move. "I've bought a pub. It's a derelict rundown pub and I'm going to transform into a vital, social community, tourism place," Martin explained. READ MORE: Nicki Chapman bids farewell to Radio 2 show as she talks BBC future "It's at the top end of the Rhondda Valley. It's the only pub in the village. The only thing in the village. It closed at the start of lockdown and I want to reopen it to give the community back it's pub but also expand it." He added: "I want to put disabled accomodation in it, all sorts of things, to open up the area and create tourism in the area." Martin has also shared that his latest purchase may be aired on TV screens. He shared: "Hopefully, I'm going to be filming it for a new TV show.  "We haven't had the go ahead yet but we're working on it. I would love for it to be a TV documentary all about the amazing people of the Rhondda Valley. "Also my attempts to run a family pub and a restaurant when I've never done any of the above." Addressing his wife's reaction, Martin said: "There's a slight twist to that. I kind of didn't tell them much about it when I bought it. It was a bit of a surprise. "I was like, 'Erm... I bought a pub.' They were like, 'What?' DON'T MISS... Dick Van Dyke performing at 97 sparks tears on The Masked Singer[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' mocking farm produce[TWITTER]Amanda Holden wows in tiny bikini as she celebrates 52nd birthday[PICTURES] "[Kirsty] was like, 'Right, ok. Tell me more.'" Martin and Kirsty tied the knot in 2010 and share two children together, daughter Megan and son Scott. He has previously spoken of how he and wife Kirsty first met at the top of Mount Kilimanjaro. In an interview in 2017, he explained how when he got to the summit, he collapsed with altitude sickness. He explained it was his other half that came to his rescue and the pair soon embarked on a romance. Martin is best known for presenting BBC property auction series Homes Under the Hammer with co-presenters Martel Maxwell (since 2016) and Dion Dublin, but his original co-presenter for many years was Lucy Alexander. He has appeared on many TV programmes such as I’m a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here, The Chase and Celebrity Masterchef, as well as featuring on BBC radio shows. Homes Under The Hammer airs weekdays on BBC One at 11.15am.