Real Madrid are reportedly still feeling the effects of their 5-2 win over Liverpool in the Champions League last week. The Spanish side impressed with a dominant display at Anfield, following a slow start, though they are feeling the consequences of their exertions. Early goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah put Liverpool in the box seat at Anfield, though Los Blancos battled back in a resurgence spearheaded by Vinicius Jr. The winger scored twice to level the tie before the half-time break. Eder Miliato then headed Madrid in front before a brace from Ballon d’Or winner Karim Benzema turned the match on its head. Despite Liverpool’s poor form, the comeback appears to have sapped the energy out of the La Liga side’s dressing room. According to The Athletic, the ‘mental and physical toll’ of the Champions League clash has left Real Madrid feeling tired and it was a key factor in their 1-1 draw with rivals Atletico Madrid over the weekend. READ MORE: Roy Keane tells Erik ten Hag 'you must resign tonight' to his face after Man Utd win cup Los Blancos stars were left disappointed by the result, with some feeling that it handed Barcelona another unnecessary advantage in the title race. However, their fierce rivals failed to move 10 points clear at the top of the table, losing 1-0 away to Almeria on Sunday night. Carlo Ancelotti felt that his side were unfairly criticised following the draw with Atletico and the slip-up from their title rivals came as a welcome bit of positive news. Madrid face Barca later this week in the Copa Del Rey, where a victory could see the pendulum swing in their favour over the coming months.  Ancelotti has stressed that he has not taken the result against Liverpool for granted and does not believe that the tie is over, pointing at how Jurgen Klopp’s side could bounce back in the second leg. The Italian explained: “This is only the first part of a knockout tie, it's gone our way, but we'll need to imagine that in the second leg, we'll have to suffer and work hard. “Obviously we didn't expect to start like we did but at 2-0 down I thought about the City away leg last year in the hope that we could do the same - but it turned out even better. They were doing us damage down our left but when we were better in our attacks, we moved Valverde a little bit towards that danger and we then defended better. “Liverpool is a great team which made us suffer in the first half so I'd say that, unfortunately, this tie isn't finished. No way.”