Another 7.5 magnitude earthquake has reportedly hit Southern Turkey just hours after hundreds were killed in another early morning quake, according to several major environmental research groups. The aftershock has spread more than 200km around the fault line, according to the experts. Multiple scientific organisations have confirmed the presence of the after shock, which follows a major 7.8 earthquake last night. According to the EMSC, an independent scientific organisation, the recent quake will make it "esceptionally difficult" for population centres in the region. "I know it is difficult to follow, but last night M7.8 earthquake in Turkey has just been followed by a M7.7 (preliminary) 20 min ago," explained the science body. "It will add to the damage and further complexify the response. Our thoughts are with all the affected people and their loved ones". It added in a recent Tweet: "This new earthquake is about 100km to the N of last night earthquake. It has been followed 12 min later by a strong aftershock about M6. Again, it is an exceptionally difficult situation for populations. A major assistance will be required." READ MORE: World 'doomed' as China 'cannot be sanctioned' says ex-CCP adviser The US Government group the USGS also confirmed the new quake. It also said there was an epicenter further to the north of the previous quake. In the early morning today, Turkey and Syria were rocked by a massive earthquake which authorities say has killed 1,388. It struck the region at around 4.17am local time, causing dozens of follow up tremors, which led to the collapse of over a thousand buildings in Turkey. Syria also reported similar devestation with the Syrian White Helmets humanitarian group being dispatched to help desperate people stuck under rubble. According to the USGS, the recent 7.5 magnitude quake started over 10km below the earth's surface in the centre of Turkey.  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogen described the catastrophe as the worst earthquake since the one that killed 33,000 in 1939. Earlier today, President Bashar al-Assad of Syria chaired an emergency meeting with the Council of Ministers to "discuss the repercussions of the earthquake". "President Bashar al-Assad heads the meeting of the council of ministers, where the question of the damage caused by the earthquake and the necessary measures is being discussed," noted the President's office. As the two countries react to the disaster, countries around the world have pledged to give disaster relief. The UK's Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said "the UK stands ready to provide assistance" earlier today. Even warring president Zelensky of Ukraine has offered "necessary assistance to overcome the consequences of the disaster". Don't miss... 'I'm on Putin hit-list and I'm terrified of Ukraine war anniversary' [PUTIN] Russian mercenary shot in head after waving skull of 'dead Ukrainian' [WAGNER GROUP] Russia losing ‘500 soldiers a day’ as Putin plans for victory by March [LIVE] Many people, including British polticians, around the world are calling for a ceasefire in Syria amid the civil war which has been ongoing since 2011. Alicia Kearns, chair of the House of Commons' Foreign Affairs Committee said it is "horrifying" that the White Helmets rescue group in Syria has to ask Russia and Assad not to attack while they rescue buried families. She said: "The White Helmets are heroes. "As they run into danger to save lives, it is horrifying they have to simultaneously beg Russia and Assad not to bomb the earthquake-affected areas. UK and allies must urgently make clear to these despots that any bombings will face repercussions."