Meghan and Harry have been warned about "profiting off their status" as senior royals, following a popularity drop. Forbes writer Carlie Porterfield detailed criticism levelled at the Sussexes following the release of Spare. "Harry and Meghan's popularity in the UK has fallen since a lot of these projects have come out, especially Spare," Mr Porterfield said on the outlet's YouTube channel. She added: "I think that people are a little more sensitive in the UK to how members of the Royal Family -even if they are not working like Harry and Meghan no longer are - profiting off of their status. "What some people would say: 'Selling their family members out to make a buck'. That is some criticism that has been levelled at them as well." Brittany Lewis, a reporter for Forbes joined in noting that there likely was "no coming back" for Prince Harry following Spare.  She said: "It's interesting you say that, I was talking to Michael Solomon, the Forbes Life Editor, and we had a very similar conversation. "He said: 'This is great therapy for Harry but there's really no coming back from this', after you say certain things about your family members." According to an Ipsos Morsi poll conducted in the UK last month. Prince Harry had a 23 percent favourability rating, down from 30 percent in September last year. Meghan's rating was also down five points from September with a 19 percent favourability rating in January. More than half of people surveyed said they had an unfavourable view of the Duke and Duchess. The survey polled 1,000 Brits aged 18 or older.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan exiled by Oprah and Obama over 'Sussex drama' Meghan and Harry's popularity hasn't fared much better in the US, however. A devastating opinion poll shows the Sussexes' popularity plummeting in the country they now call home. The recent poll showed Prince Harry's favourability rating drop 45 points from +38 in December to -7 in January.  The huge drops come after the release of Prince Harry's memoir, Spare which levelled a series of allegations at the Royal Family and became a bestseller on the day it was released. 