Leeds would be making a "top-class" appointment if they bring in Harry Redknapp as their next manager, claims Ray Parlour. The Elland Road club are still searching for a replacement for the sacked Jesse Marsch. Marsch was relieved of his duties by Leeds 11 days ago. Chairman Andrea Radrizzani told fans he was hoping to make a quick appointment. However, despite being linked with a long list of candidates, Leeds are yet to strike an agreement. Michael Skubala looks set to continue in caretaker charge for Saturday's crunch match against fellow strugglers Everton. Redknapp could be a short-term option for Radrizzani. The former West Ham and Tottenham boss is open to coming out of retirement to take over at Leeds on a short-term basis. READ MORE: Barcelona and Man Utd dubbed 'a scandal' by Spanish press despite Ten Hag fury  He turns 76 in two weeks' time but the Mirror says he is open to returning to the dugout just days after 74-year-old Neil Warnock took over at Huddersfield on a deal until the end of the season. Redknapp's potential move to Leeds was discussed on talkSPORT on Friday morning. Presenter Alan Brazil insisted Leeds fans should not stick their nose up at the idea. He said: "Harry, he'd get them going wouldn't he? "I wonder what Leeds fans think of that. They may be thinking 'hold on a minute, but come on, you're in trouble here." And Parlour insists Redknapp could be exactly what Leeds need. The Arsenal legend said: "Absolutely. Go back to basics. I always wanted to see Harry be England manager one day but he never got that opportunity. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'  "But I just think he can get the best out of players, he had good coaching staff around him as well. Sometimes it's not all about coaching, it's about man-management. And I think Harry would be top class at that." Leeds are 17th in the Premier League and haven't won since the World Cup. Skubala said last week he was hoping for a quick resolution to the ongoing saga of appointing a new manager. He said: "I think it's helpful for everybody. I think it's helpful for everybody that everybody knows which direction of travel we go in. "But in the same sense I think the players are calm, the staff are calm and everybody else was calm. So as long as it takes, I think the club needs to make the right decision and make sure that we get ourselves up this league and stay in the Premier League."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here