Energy saving home improvements can benefit everyone. However, some upgrades can be so expensive that households may never see a payback in this lifetime. Don't worry, there are still ways to save without spending a fortune. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, David Phillips, building expert at PropertyRescue has shared four low budget home improvements to reduce energy bills. He said: “With no end in sight to the energy crisis, many people are understandably concerned about their bills but, it is possible to lower our outgoings a little by getting into some new habits and by making a few minor home improvements to cut down on our energy use. “Cutting down on energy use to lower our bills is a a priority for most us these days and while you may not have the budget for major home improvements such as double glazing or fully insulating your loft and walls, there are a few less expensive ways in which you can help to minimise energy use and waste.” If you have draughts coming through the sides of your doors or windows, one of the cheapest and easiest energy saving home improvements you can make is to block them up. David said: “In many cases, heat is lost from our homes through windows and doors; making rooms feel colder and tempting us to turn up the heat. READ MORE: Home improvement to save ‘£600 a year’ on bills and add property value “Draught excluders for doors and insulation strips for windows are inexpensive and widely available and can really help to prevent energy waste.” Draught excluders for the foot of doors are cheap, long-lasting and will keep in the heat and keep out the cold from other areas of the house. They can be picked up form B and Q for £4.87. Households can pick up insulation strips that can be used externally and internally on doors and windows. They can be purchased from B and Q for £4.79 or at Amazon for £5.99. When it comes to lighting the main way to save energy is to switch to LED bulbs, according to the property expert. DON'T MISSLift ‘yellow’ toilet seat stains in 10 minutes with ‘amazing’ 90p item [TIPS]‘Best location’ to plant hydrangeas in gardens - avoid ‘wrong area’ [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ methods to remove ivy without damaging your garden [TIPS] He said: “Lighting our homes uses a fair amount of energy and, while we’re not suggesting that you watch TV in the evening by candlelight, you can save energy (and therefore, money) by switching to LED lights throughout your home to save around £35 every year.” Not only can they shave some money off of energy bills, they also last around 10 times longer than traditional bulbs. Households could also invest in light-sensitive bulbs that turn off automatically when natural light levels increase, or smart bulbs that turn off when nobody is moving around in the room. Having already discussed the importance of insulating windows to keep heat inside the home, David shared that households can “decrease energy waste even further” by investing in thermal curtains for the living room and bedrooms. READ MORE: ‘Biggest users’ of electricity in homes - how to ‘reduce energy bills’ He argued: “While this will involve an initial cash outlay, these will save you money long term by keeping your rooms warmer - and your thermostat down.” The thermal curtains work by being able to create a firm seal to the wall which can protect a home from the transfer of heat both ways – that means it'll be warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer months too. There are a number of ways to prevent heat escaping a home and keeping the curtains closed, especially at night, is right at the top of the list. Make sure that the curtains overlap in the middle, or use pegs to ensure they are tightly shut, and for those who want to go the extra mile, they can tape your curtains to the wall for that little bit more insulation. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For those who have wood, tile or linoleum floors, these can often make a room feel colder, but don’t worry, households don’t have to fork out for carpets. Instead the expert recommended: “Investing in a few thick rugs for your home can help to keep heat in your rooms and, over time, help you to save money on your energy bills.” Layering rugs over flooring acts as a barrier for cold air and stops it from cooling down the temperature inside the home. However, using any type of rug simply won’t work for those actively trying to reduce heating costs. The best rugs for heating purposes are those which cover a large area and have a high tog rating. Ideally, the rating should sit between one and two, though it should not and should not exceed 2.5.