Police have arrested a man on suspicion of affray while investigating the murder of footballer Cody Fisher. Cody Fisher, 23, was stabbed on the dance floor of the Crane nightclub on Adderley Street in Digbeth just before midnight on Boxing Day.  On Tuesday, the police arrested a 19-year-old on suspicion of affray at an address in Kenilworth on Tuesday. Three men remain in custody charged with Mr Fisher's murder. Reegan Anderson, 18, of Erdington, Kami Carpenter, 21, of no fixed address and Remy Gordon, 22, of Cofton Park Drive, Birmingham, are also due to face trial on July 3. Another suspect has been released on bail.   Detective Inspector Michelle Thurgood of West Midlands Police: “We continue to support Cody's family, and have made them aware of this latest development. “My team is still really eager to hear from anyone who was in the club that night and who saw what happened.” West Midlands Police has set up a dedicated web page where people can send information, photos and videos that could help the investigation. Mr Fisher played as a defender for Stratford Town FC, a team in the Southern League Premier Division Central.   The talented left-back was previously part of Birmingham City FC's academy and played as a Walsall FC youth trainee before making senior appearances for Stratford Town, Stourbridge FC and Bromsgrove Sporting. Mr Fisher's girlfriend Jess Chatwin posted an emotional message on Twitter the day after his death. She wrote: "You didn't deserve any of this. “I'm so sorry this has happened to you my baby please come home. I love you forever Cody Fisher."  While speaking about the impact of Cody's death, Ms Fisher said her son's passing was "beyond cruel". "My life sentence started on Boxing Day." She added, she is "so proud" that the Redditch-born left-back was an "inspiration to so many people". She continued: "He was just an amazing, amazing child, baby, lad. The purest, purest soul. "When I got that call, I got there, and it was too late. To make that journey to Birmingham seemed forever. "To get there and not even make it in time because he'd already died by the time I'd got there - there are just no words." 