As it happens, I do too and - here's something to get the bourgeois establishment reaching for the smelling salts - in a recent poll a clear majority of the British public also supported the reintroduction of the death penalty for serial killers. There are two elements to the debate surrounding the death penalty.The first is whether or not it is an appropriate punishment for people who have killed others.As far as I am concerned, there is no doubt that if you have murdered someone, let alone many people, you should face the ultimate sanction. How can it be right that you are allowed any life at all once you have murdered others? How can it be right or just that Peter Sutcliffe, the Yorkshire Ripper, was allowed to live after his disgusting reign of terror against women in the north? The second, which has proved decisive for many, is what if you get the wrong person? The case of Timothy Evans was always held up as the clinching argument against the death penalty. However, things have changed massively since then. We now have hugely advanced forensic science, more detailed DNA capability and much more CCTV. The chances of a wrongful conviction for murder now are incredibly remote, so given these advances in technology and detection surely the argument for the death penalty gets more, not less, compelling as each year goes by. What makes keeping these killers alive even worse is that our lily-livered criminal justice system lets virtually all of them back out on the streets. Only around 50 people in our prisons are on whole-life tariffs - the rest will almost certainly be freed. Since the death penalty was abolished, around two people a year have been killed by convicted murderers who have been released from prison. These are unnecessary deaths, and the do-gooders who advocate this system have blood on their hands. Indeed, a 10-year-old constituent of mine was abducted and raped by a convicted murderer who had been released.The death penalty would have spared that poor boy a horrific and unimaginable experience. Those against the death penalty argue that they wouldn't want a wrongful conviction on their conscience.Why do they prefer having what happened to my young constituent on their conscience instead? I certainly don't. I am with Lee Anderson, and the gnashing of teeth we have seen from the north London media types shows that they have learnt nothing from the Brexit referendum and remain hopelessly out of touch with a huge swathe of public opinion outside of their echo chamber. The single biggest issue the Government needs to resolve before the next general election is the illegal boat crossings from France. Lawyers nearly choked on their caviar and Grand Cru at their dinner parties when the Government announced it may withdraw from the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR) in order to help make it easier to deport people who arrive here illegally. As someone who sat on the House of Commons Justice Select Committee and visited the European Court of Human Rights, I really have no idea why they are so exercised about this proposal. The ECHR is a pale imitation of our courts with their judges - often political appointees rather than based on merit - sitting in judgment of countries such as the UK which has a much more robust process for the appointment of its judges. Given that the ECHR has been incorporated into UK law via the Human Rights Act, there would clearly be no loss of rights by withdrawing from it - it would just mean proper UK judges would determine the law rather than these judges in Strasbourg. I would have hoped everyone could agree with that. I would rather not be part of this European Court, but I am not sure there is any need for the Government to seek to withdraw from it given that it may not win a vote in the House of Commons to do so. There is a much simpler solution. Decisions of the ECHR are not binding on member states - there is no enforcement mechanism - and so it would be much more politically expedient for the UK Government to do what the last Labour Government rightly did when the ECHR ridiculously ruled that UK prisoners should be handed the vote - and simply ignore their more questionable and bizarre rulings. What we can't have is a foreign court randomly overturning decisions made by the UK courts. Although the ECHR is nothing to do with the EU, that principle still applies and is what Brexit was all about. The out-of-touch political and legal classes shouldn't forget that.