 The award-winning actress broached the Hollywood hot topic with her own weigh-in after 38 years in the entertainment business. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk at the world premiere of her latest film, Sharper, Julianne Moore, 62, noted there is an unnecessary “harshness” to the debate.   The veteran Hollywood star appeared in a chic black dress and cape as she walked the red carpet in London in early February, looking ageless although she admitted she was “absolutely freezing”. When asked by Express.co.uk what she made of the nepotism debate currently rocking her industry, the actress was quick to find a beautifully-worded answer. She declared: “I think it’s kind of this weird thing that’s happening on social media. “A lot of us have advantages that are given to us by our families and by our relationships and certainly in terms of community building you always want to help your family and your friends.” READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson tells James May to 'f*** off' after Grand Tour host mocks farm produce  The actress admitted there is “a harshness” to the topic, both in the way it is spoken about and the potential effects it could cause. Julianne continued: “People should be given opportunities wherever. “But, honestly, we only succeed based on our hard work and our abilities.” Over recent months there has been a prevalent debate sparked in Hollywood as fans began pointing out how many of their favourite film and TV stars are related to other people in the industry.     Online, some people declared this to be an unfair advantage as those with connections may find it easier to get into the competitive field and began branding those who followed their parents into entertainment ‘nepo babies’. While famous families like the Kardashians, Beckhams, Skasgards and Coppolas have been outspoken about their relationships in the business, others took fans by surprise. This included Kate Hudson, daughter of Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell, Michael Douglas, son of Kirk Douglas, and Billie Lourd, daughter of Carrie Fisher and granddaughter of Debbie Reynolds. Some celebrities have now also spoken out amid the controversy, including those who have been assigned this title due to their famous upbringing.  Most notably, model Hailey Bieber, niece of Alec Baldwin, proudly wore her label on a short white crop top, sparking widespread debate on the internet. Julianne’s upbringing, however, was vastly different from many of her cohorts currently populating Hollywood. As the daughter of a paratrooper and a Scottish psychologist, she spent much of her young life moving all over the United States. Throughout her childhood the actress attended nine different schools and had some difficulties maintaining friendships.  During her school years, Julianne took up acting as a hobby and often starred in her school plays but was encouraged to focus on her studies before embarking on an acting career. She graduated from Boston University in 1983 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre before swiftly moving to New York. Her career picked up in 1985 as Julianne became a regular presence in off-Broadway theatre and scored her first screen role that same year. She quickly became a sought-after starlet after joining the long-running show As The World Turns, playing two character: half-sisters Frannie and Sabrina Hughes. Julianne stayed with the soap opera for a few years and earned a Daytime Emmy Award for her efforts. Sharper releases on Apple TV+ tomorrow.