The Donald Trump and Stormy Daniels, real name Stephanie Gregory Clifford, feud seems to have been reignited after the president went on a tirade on Truth Social. The former president, 76, took to his new social media app. The businessman addressed the whole debacle in a number of posts. He wrote: "With murders and violent crime surging like never before in New York City, the Radical Left Manhattan D.A., Alvin Bragg, just leaked to the Fake News Media that they are still going after the Stormy 'Horseface' Daniels." Trump was addressing the fact the New York DA has revived the investigation into payments Trump made to Stormy Daniels in 2016 via his lawyer at the time. Manhattan district attorney Alvin Bragg will present evidence of the payments to a jury, restarting a long-running investigation. If it's found Trump's company sought to hide the payments from voters before the election in 2016, it could ultimately result in criminal charges for Trump. Trump's former personal lawyer Michael Cohen has already admitted to paying Daniels the money, a sum which was then reimbursed by Trump. He was sentenced to three years in prison for arranging the payment and a nondisclosure agreement with Stormy. READ MORE: DeSantis snaps back at Donald Trump branding him 'disloyal' Later, Trump's new lawyer Rudy Giuliani stated Trump "didn't know about the specifics of it but he did know about the general arrangement, that Michael [Cohen] would take care of things like this". Later Giuliani released a statement saying: "The payment was made to resolve a personal and false allegation in order to protect the President's family". Trump has said that he did not know about the payments until "later on", and that the money for the payments "didn't come out of the campaign, they came from me".   In terms of "big money", it's thought that Trump, who is running again for president in 2024, is referring to the fact Stormy was recently ordered to pay nearly $300,000 in Trump's legal fees after she failed to win a lawsuit against him, in which she sued him for defamation after he denied their alleged affair.    In response to his latest statement, Stormy tweeted, ridiculing the president and mocking his use of grammar. The whole feud began when adult star Stormy claimed to have been paid $130,000 to keep quiet about an affair she alleges they had less than six months after his wife Melania gave birth to their son, Barron. Donald Trump has always denied having an affair with Stormy Daniels. He told her she reminded him of his daughter Stormy appeared on CBS 60 Minutes, telling audiences she met Trump at a golf tournament in 2006, hitting him on the bottom with a magazine with his face on the cover. She claimed he told her: "He was like, 'Wow, you — you are special. You remind me of my daughter.' You know — he was like, 'You're smart and beautiful, and a woman to be reckoned with, and I like you. I like you.'" He promised to put her on TV she claimed When she met Donald at the American Century Championship, Stormy claimed the businessman promised to feature her on his TV program The Apprentice. She claims this is why she slept with him, despite not being attracted to him. Trump denies sleeping with her. However, Stormy cut ties with The Apprentice Host after he did not cast her in the next season. He has an 'unusual' penis she claimed Stormy wrote in her autobiography Full Disclosure: "He knows he has an unusual penis. It has a huge mushroom head. Like a toadstool." After their session of love marking, Stormy claimed: "I lay there, annoyed that I was getting f***** by a guy with Yeti pubes and a d*** like the mushroom character in Mario Kart. It may have been the least impressive sex I’d ever had, but clearly, he didn’t share that opinion."