Chelsea’s 2-0 loss at the hands of Tottenham on Sunday has prompted further conversations amongst supporters about how much longer Graham Potter will last as their manager. Pressure is mounting on the shoulders of the Blues boss by the minute and his signings could be to blame for his sacking. Oliver Skipp opened the scoring for Spurs in the 46th minute as he fired a fierce strike into the top corner after intercepting a loose clearance. Harry Kane then put the game to bed with just eight minutes left on the clock. The England international was on hand to tap home from close range after Eric Dier diverted his header to the back post following a corner. The defeat means that Chelsea have won just one match in 2023, with the finger being pointed at Potter for the sub-par displays. However, the former Brighton boss may feel that his players are letting him down – especially those who are deployed in the final third. The Blues brought in £175million-worth of attacking talent, according to Transfermarkt, over the past two transfer windows to address their lack of match-winning players, but none of those arrivals are providing a cutting edge in the final third. Joao Felix and Raheem Sterling were the two signings that started against Spurs, and neither showed any true signs that they were going to find the back of the net. Similarly, late substituted Mykhaylo Mudryk and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang were unable to half the deficit after they entered the fray following Kane’s goal. In times of crisis – which some would argue is now – Potter could be tempted to fast-track young players David Datro Fofana and Noni Madueke into being regulars in his team, though neither have managed to open their accounts with Chelsea yet. Potter may therefore feel that his attacking players are letting him down rather than his tactics, which has created chances previously. The higher powers at Stamford Bridge have insisted that they remain confident that the former Swansea boss is the right person to spearhead Chelsea’s project - though the man himself has admitted that he had not done enough to justify their faith yet. Speaking after the Tottenham loss, he said: “Obviously I haven't done enough at this club to have too much good faith, and I also accept that. My job is not to worry too much about that, to understand the question and where it comes from, totally, and to focus on keep helping the team and keep supporting the players because I really like these players. They're good lads and they want to win, but at the moment we're suffering - and that's my responsibility."