Local residents from Nicola Bulley's village have reacted with fury over Lancashire police's decision to reveal the 45-year-old had been struggling with the menopause and alcohol prior to her disappearance in January. Ms Bulley disappeared on January 27 while out walking her springer spaniel dog Willow along the River Wyre, having first dropped off her two daughters at school in St Michael's on Wyre. Police initially said they believed the mother-of-two had gone into the river and claimed there was nothing suspicious about her disappearance. However, an independent underwater forensics team, brought in 10 days after her disappearance, concluded she was not in the river. The case has sparked a huge amount of speculation about Ms Bulley's private life, which her friends have described as being "incredibly hurtful". It has also spawned an avalanche of conspiracy theories and attracted a host of amateur detectives to come to the village to carry out their own impromptu investigations. On Wednesday, officers from Lancashire Police told to a press conference that they had categorised Ms Bulley as high-risk when she was reported missing due to "specific vulnerabilities". They later revealed that the 45-year-old was struggling with the menopause and alcohol, saying they wanted "to avoid any further speculation". The revelations about her private and personal struggles have provoked fury among local residents in St Michael's, who accused police of "victim shaming" her. Carla, 37 and a mother of two herself, told the Daily Telegraph's Judith Woods: "I am absolutely appalled at the way the police have victim-shamed her. "The whole of the internet is combing through her personal life. "If she is found alive, she will have this awful humiliation to deal with. "And if not, those two girls will grow up without closure, just more questions.” That anger was echoed by Sheila, a retired civil servant from a neighbouring village. She said: “What has the menopause got to do with anything? READ MORE: Nicola Bulley case being treated like 'a reality gameshow' "A woman has disappeared into thin air in broad daylight and that is terrifying. "But Nicola seems to have been entirely forgotten. "People have been acting like it’s their chance to star in Broadchurch and so all these theories are flying around which do nobody any good.” Lancashire Constabulary say a team of 40 detectives are following 500 different lines of inquiry after receiving "thousands" of pieces of information. Despite their best efforts, detectives still appear to be no closer to finding out what happened to Ms Bulley. Their investigation has ben sharply criticised by politicians as well as the public, with the Home Secretary Suella Braverman demanding explanations. DON'T MISSNicola Bulley police launch probe after using 'troubling' tactics [NEWS]Nicola Bulley could have just 'walked away,' says ex-police chief [REVEAL]Dog walker tells of moment he found Nicola Bulley's phone on bench [INSIGHT] A former police chief, however, believes criticism of the police's investigation has been "unfair", with Sir Peter Fahy, former chief at Greater Manchester Police, describing the investigators as "very diligent". He told BBC Radio 4 Today: "It's disappointing that certain politicians have not perhaps tried to give this a more balanced view and say, yes there is a particular issue about providing personal information and that often happens in major investigations." Sir Peter said the release of information in investigations "gets to the stage where it's not in the public interest". He continued: "Part of the difficulty for Lancashire Police is this is just one of the cases where we just do not know what's happened. "They have closed off a lot of possibilities through their work on mobile phone and the CCTV. "A measure of whether a missing person's investigation has been carried out professionally is not really whether that person has been found because tragically there are many, many cases where the person is not located."