The Royal Family must abide by a series of strict rules and codes of conduct at all times, whether that is adhering to specific protocols, attending events or arriving in a particular order. While they are certainly not as strict, the Prince and Princess of Wales also have a selection of rules for George, Charlotte and Louis to follow at home. The family of five relocated to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor Estate last year. They already had access to Apartment 1A of Kensington Palace, Anmer Hall in Norfolk and Tam-Na-Ghar cottage in Balmoral. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert  But no matter where the family are living, they have a series of strict rules which must be followed. One of these rules has been implemented by Kate and William for their three young children when they are becoming too animated or boisterous. To keep the family home as quiet and as relaxed as possible, the couple have introduced a "no shouting" rule. A source revealed how William and Kate deal with their children in a calm and gentle way and never shout at them.  "Shouting is absolutely ‘off limits’ for the children and any hint of shouting at each other is dealt with by removal," a royal source told The Sun. The source explained: "The naughty child is taken away from the scene of the row or disruption and talked to calmly by either Kate or William. "Things are explained and consequences outlined and they never shout at them." READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: Doctor shares Duchess’ ‘secret’ to slim frame Following Prince Louis' hilarious antics at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee, many experts waded in with their praise for how the Princess handled her four-year-old son. Parenting expert, Stephanie Wallis, the founder of Safe and Sound Event Childcare spoke to Express.co.uk about how the royal children handled the Jubilee. She said: "The Wales children were deliberately brought centre stage for this landmark point in the history of the United Kingdom. This will have taken many weeks of careful 'rehearsals'. "The fabulous Jubilee weekend will have been a completely exhausting event even with all which will have been put in place to assist them.   "Almost stationary for several hours is not what a four-year-old does. They are always 'busy', so it's not surprising that Louis was 'vigorously' waving at times. "Like many unusual activities, sitting in a carriage will start off as great fun but after a little while the novelty will start to wear off, but Louis did amazingly well! 