BBC News and BBC World News is going to be relaunched with a more digitally focused rolling news service later this year. Part of this rebranding means cutting 70 jobs overall, including 14 presenters, leaving just five dedicated presenters, which is expected to save the BBC more than £1million. Here is the new confirmed line-up for the BBC news presenters. Matthew Amroliwala has worked for the BBC since 1989 and has largely been at the forefront of its UK political coverage. He has worked on four general elections and since 2015, has presented the international programme Global, discussing major events in India and elsewhere in the world. He was nominated by the Television and Radio Industry Club as Reporter of the Year in 1993 for his reporting on the troubles in Northern Ireland and covered the 1997 IRA ceasefire. Matthew has also worked as a general news reporter, as well as foreign correspondent. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Award-winning journalist Yalda Hakim continues to deliver hard-hitting journalism for Our World and for BBC News' television and radio coverage. She led the BBC World News coverage in August 2021 of America's US withdrawal from Afghanistan, the collapse of the Afghan government and the Taliban’s return to power. Yalda travelled to Ukraine days after the Russian invasion and provided around the clock coverage during the first few weeks of the war. In addition, she has interviewed the likes of Iran’s President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Prince Albert of Monaco, just to name a few. Joining the five chief presenters at BBC News is Maryam Moshiri who has been a presenter on the World News for almost four years. Before this, she worked on BBC News for 16 years, presenting shows like Talking Business, World Business Report and was the main face of business on Afternoon Live. She has been at the heart of some of the world's biggest stories, including the economic impact of the 9/11 attacks and the war in Ukraine. Some of her interviewees include investors, CEOs and the politicians from around the world. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters fans ‘heartbroken’ as Amy Slaton confirms death [HEALTH]Vicky McClure finally addresses inappropriate premiere dress [CAST]Happy Valley's Ryan Cawood isn't a psychopath thanks to one key detail [EXPLAINER] Christian was working as a foreign correspondent for 10 years prior to returning to London to present BBC News. From Monday to Thursday he anchors the evening show The Context with Christian Fraser which airs on both BBC World News and the BBC News Channel. Christian has presented BBC Breakfast from Salford, the evening BBC News bulletins on BBC One, and previously co-hosted Beyond 100 Days with Katty Kay. He regularly anchors the flagship current affairs series Newsnight on BBC Two. Four years ago saw the launch of the reporter's current affairs programme, Live with Lucy Hockings which focuses on global breaking news, events and interviews. She has worked for the BBC since 1999 and has presented major news events like the US Presidential Elections and her award-winning coverage of the Australian fires. Lucy also anchored for World News in 2003 before the launch of her own show. She used to work as a reporter in her native New Zealand