The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will "never come close" to acquiring as much wealth as King Charles III who would have supported the couple financially while they were senior royals living in the UK, according to Forbes writer Carlie Porterfield. The couple has since been "cut off" from the Duchy of Cornwall estate and is financially independent. Ms Porterfield, a writer for Forbes, spoke on Forbes Talks about Harry and Meghan's estimated net worth and financial ventures since stepping down from the Firm. When asked if the couple's wealth "compares at all" to King Charles' wealth - who took over assets worth an estimated $42 billion after Queen Elizabeth II died - Ms Porterfield said: "No." She went on: "It does not compare in the slightest. "Harry and Meghan will never come anywhere close to dealing with the amount of money that King Charles is."  She explained: "A lot of that is because King Charles is dealing with money that is his but technically he holds on behalf of the kingdom so it's, kind of, it's a funny little thing there. "But yeah, they will never even come close." When asked what the total value of the Sussexes overall wealth is, Ms Porterfield said: "What we know about Prince Harry and Meghan's deals now [is that] they've made about $135 million." The Forbes Talks host asked Ms Porterfiled: "Would it have been more fiscally beneficial to have stayed in the Royal Family or are they making more money now that they are on their own?" READ MORE: Meghan Markle is a ‘performer’ when in public - expert claims She replied: "They're probabaly making more profit [now] but they're also working more. Working senior members of the Royal Family are not allowed to engage in commercial ventures so they really don't make much of a profit. "If they had stayed as working members of the Royal Family, they wouldn't have had to do all of these Netflix deals. "So, fiscally it was a good decision in terms of profit, if that's all that you want, but they're paying in a lot of other ways besides money so.. who knows." Harry and Meghan have been cut off from the Corwn estate, which is worth an estimated $34 billion.   The pair are believed to have relied on the inheritance money Princess Diana left Harry. "I've got all my mum left me, and without that we would not be able to do this," Harry told Oprah in the couples' bombshell interview in 2021. The Forbes writer was also asked if the couple had to pay any money back to the Crown when they stepped down from their royal duties and moves to the US in 2020. She explained that Harry and Meghan "voluntarily" paid more than $3 million of renovation costs at Frogmore Cottage, which was their home on the Windsor estate while they lived in the UK. "They didn't need to do that but they voluntarily paid it", Ms Porterfield explained. 