It is the driver's responsibility to make themselves aware of them to avoid any repercussions or danger to other road users. With this in mind, experts at Confused.com have highlighted one potentially unknown offense that could break certain driving laws and result in big fines. On the roads, drivers can experience stressful and frustrating situations, so it’s important that drivers keep calm. Shouting and swearing at other road users could land drivers with a £1,000 fine for losing control of the vehicle. This is because hand gestures may be used in this instance, so a lack of concentration will occur. Thus, loss of control of the vehicle is possible. Drivers should also refrain from using their horns out of anger, or risk an instant £30 fine. READ MORE: Little-known speed-bump tip can help drivers slash fuel consumption The Highway Code states that car horns should only be used to warn other road users of imminent danger as an alert system. Using it for anything else is against the law. There are also time constraints for using your horn. According to the Highway Code, it’s illegal to use your horn on a restricted road between the times of 11:30pm and 07:00am. Louise Thomas, a car insurance expert at Confused.com, said: “It is the driver's responsibility to ensure they are up to date with all driving laws. "It is imperative they remain calm and collected at the wheel, not only for their own safety but also for the safety of other road users. DON'T MISS Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage [ADVICE] 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Skoda owners are likely smarter than drivers of any other car brand [REVEAL] “Drivers should know that depending on the offence, points on your licence could last up to 11 years. "This can make insurance more expensive, or more difficult to get if your offence was more serious.” The news comes after the emergency services and National Highways called on drivers not to ignore the red X sign on motorways after thousands of fines were dished out. The red X sign is used to close lanes when an obstruction such as a broken-down vehicle is detected on the road ahead. READ MORE: Most people want elderly drivers to take fitness tests to keep licence Abiding by the sign is vital for drivers to avoid a potentially serious collision and alert those behind that an incident has occurred ahead. In June 2019, there was a change in legislation which meant cameras can automatically detect vehicles that ignore a red X. As of September 2022, all police forces have been able to enforce the cameras. The cameras can be used to automatically detect vehicles passing illegally under a red X or entering the lane beyond a red X.  This can result in a fixed penalty of up to £100 and three points or, in some cases, more severe penalties or a court appearance. It has been an offence to drive in a lane closed by a red X for more than 20 years. Chief Constable Jo Shiner, the National Police Chiefs' Council lead for Roads Policing, said: “Red X signals are in place on the motorway for your safety and the safety of others. “Sadly, there are too many instances where motorists fail to comply with a red X signal and put others in incredible danger by driving in a closed lane. “This is unacceptable and drivers who do so need to understand they face prosecution.” 