Lesley Joseph entertained audiences for decades alongside her co-stars Linda Robson, 64, and Pauline Quirke, 63. The actress, who has wowed audiences on a UK tour for Sister Act The Musical, has addressed whether Birds of a Feather will return to viewers' screens, during an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The BBC One show aired between 1988 and 1998 before it returned in 2014 to rival broadcaster ITV, running through until Christmas 2020. Speaking about whether there would be another reunion show, the 77-year-old shut down the idea, adding it is something she has no plans to go back to. The TV star admitted she would be more than happy to work with Pauline and Linda but unfortunately, it may not be on Birds of a Feather. Speaking about a show revival, she said: "It would depend. To be honest, I don't think we should go back to Birds now. I would do anything with Linda and Pauline now and forever. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon hints she's about to give birth after new baby photo "I adore them and they are what I call family. But I don't know whether we'll do a show." Lesley added: "I know Pauline wants to concentrate on her theatres." The beloved sitcom returned for a Christmas special in 2020 with Lesley and Linda reprising their characters but unfortunately Pauline did not return for the festive comeback. Pauline, who starred as Sharon Theodopolopodous in Birds of a Feather from 1989 to 1998 and again from 2014 to 2017, opened up the first branches of The Pauline Quirke Academy of Performing Arts across the UK alongside her husband Steve Sheen in 2007.  The on-screen star admitted that while she and Linda love to take part in various reality television shows, Pauline is more focused on her theatre company. "The difference between us when we became well known, Linda and I love to do [reality shows] - and always did. At the end of lockdown we did Celebrity Coach Trip for example," Lesley shared. "We had three weeks in Portugal and I've never had such a good time. We were suddenly unleashed onto the world again doing a different thing every single day and we ended up winning it." She continued: "Pauline never liked doing things like that. Linda and I did Supermarket Sweep, which I adored. I love all of the reality shows. DON'T MISS... Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss[LATEST]Adele appears to walk off after losing Grammy to Harry Styles[GRAMMYS]Kate Garraway shares moment of 'hope' after tough '48 hours'[UPDATE] "There's some I won't do but I love doing stuff like that. So does Linda." The Sister Act star added: "Pauline never did because she loved her serious work. "When she opened all of her theatres that became quite a handful really because they have got a lot. That's what she will concentrate on now. "I probably wouldn't do [Birds of a Feather] but I would work with them anytime and anywhere." Meanwhile, Lesley has won over audiences with a captivating portrayal of Mother Supreme in Sister Act The Musical. She explained: "I started this job last May when we did it for London at the Eventim Apollo. That was an amazing experience. "I have to be honest, I've never really done a show like this, having done so many musicals all of my life, but the reaction this show has is off the page." "It's actually a wonderful show," Lesley said of Sister Act. "At the end when we're singing Raise Your Voices and the curtain goes up, the whole audience, even people on the upper floor, are standing up and waving their arms from side to side." "Now, actually seeing a packed audience all up on their feet. The reaction that we get is actually quite moving." Sister Act The Musical is on tour in the UK and Ireland. Please visit sisteractthemusical.co.uk