With that in mind, electric car experts at GRIDSERVE want to ensure that motorists aren’t fooled by common charging myths. They said: "It’s important that drivers are given the correct information when making the switch to an EV. Myths such as needing to charge an EV multiple times a day are circulating which is simply untrue. In fact, as the average real-world range of an electric car in 2023 is 219 miles, the average UK driver will be able to drive for almost a fortnight on a single charge.” It is widely believed that EV charging is more expensive than buying petrol. However, charging the UK’s bestselling EV in 2022, the Tesla Model Y, from zero to 80 percent (the recommended capacity by most manufacturers) would cost as little as 16p per mile. This is based on a Tesla Model Y Long Range using one of GRIDSERVE’s High Power chargers at 66p-per-kWh. The average driver in the UK covers 6,800 miles per year, meaning it would cost £1,088 per year for charging at the above rate. However, the average petrol or diesel car costs 19.6p per mile, which would cost drivers £1,332.80 per year – £244.80 more expensive than public EV charging. READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of daily charges as new Clean Air Zone launches Furthermore, charging an EV at home is even cheaper, as it currently costs 34p per kWh to charge at a domestic charge point, around 9p per mile. Therefore, GRIDSERVE has calculated it would cost £612 a year to charge an EV from home – less than half the cost of filling a petrol or diesel car each year. A common myth is that your EV should be charging at its peak rate for the full duration of its charge and if it doesn’t, the charger hasn’t achieved its quoted speeds. However, this is not true; each EV has a charging curve which dictates the speed of charging at different levels of battery capacity. The maximum speed tends to peak at lower charge percentages and as it approaches 80 percent, it will slow down significantly to protect the battery. So, the charger should never be charging at its peak speed for the full duration of a charge as this would not be good for an EV. It’s also worth noting that maximum charging speeds aren’t only dictated by the car, but by the charger it's plugged into. DON'T MISS Motorists may choose to be 'selfish' and opt for E5 instead of E10 [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow specific steps after mistaking E10 with E5 [ADVICE] E10 warnings issued to drivers as some mistakes could cause damage [WARNING] Most EV drivers won’t need to charge each day, a far cry from the common myths of multiple times a day or every night. The average real-world range of an electric car in 2023 has topped 200 miles for the first time, meaning the average UK motorist will now be able to drive for almost a fortnight on a single charge, based on the UK average mileage of 6,800 miles per year, or 131 miles per week. Drivers also don’t have to charge their car to 100 percent each time you plug it in – most manufacturers recommend charging only 20-80 percent as this will help prolong battery life. EVs have built-in battery management systems to prevent overcharging so even if drivers leave their car plugged in overnight, it is not going to overcharge. READ MORE: Electric car charging network needs to be 'prioritised' before 2030 EVs have built-in battery management systems to prevent overcharging so even if drivers leave their car plugged in overnight, it is not going to overcharge. The battery management system will slow down the charging process once the battery is closer to 100 percent. If it does hit 100 percent, it will switch to trickle charging where the battery will recharge intermittently. However, the experts recommend charging to only 80 percent capacity, as this will help to prolong battery life. EV charging components are designed to withstand much tougher stuff than rain so drivers can charge their car no matter the weather. It is understandable why people may question this, with mixing water and electricity being a bad idea typically, however it is completely safe to charge your EV in the rain. Drivers can even take an electric car through a car wash. The latest generation of high-power chargers have outputs of between 150kW and 350kW, so has the potential to add 100 miles of range in less than 10 minutes. This can easily be worked into your trips, whether taking a short break from driving or parking your car up while you run errands. The time it takes to charge an EV is falling as the latest technology is rolled out. GRIDSERVE has trialled the UK’s fastest electric vehicle charger for public usage at its Braintree Electric Forecourt. Capable of delivering a maximum output of up to 360kW, it can add approximately 100 miles to compatible EVs in less than five minutes, which demonstrates how quick nationwide EV charging could become before the 2030 deadline.