Kevin McCarthy is doing a “extraordinary job” representing the GOP, an expert said as the Speaker clashed with Joe Biden on the debt ceiling. The Speaker of the House met with the President at the White House for a “frank” talk on how to raise the debt limit, after the US reached its $31.4 trillion ceiling in January. Speaking after the White House face-off, McCarthy said he left hopeful he and Biden can “find common ground” before the US risks default in June. “We had an hour conversation about this that I thought was a very good discussion and we walked out saying we would continue the discussion”, he told reporters. “And I think there is an opportunity here to come to an agreement on both sides.” The White House also said in a statement after the meeting that McCarthy and Biden had a “frank and straightforward dialogue”. “President Biden underscored that he is eager to continue working across the aisle in good faith, after passing historic bipartisan laws during his first two years in office”, it added. The positive talks will buoy hopes that the GOP can strike a deal with the President, and ahead of the meeting, Dr Kevin Roberts, President of conservative think tank The Heritage Foundation, lauded the Republican Speaker. “Speaker McCarthy is representing the entirety of the conference really well”, he told a press conference attended by Express.co.uk. He told reporters that there needs to be a “dollar-to-dollar correspondence between whatever amount is added to the debt ceiling with spending cuts”. The group president then said he wanted to drive home the point that “Speaker McCarthy, early in his tenure, is doing an extraordinarily job at being focused on the right things”. READ MORE: GOP keen to strike debt ceiling deal with Biden “While these are conservative, even capital-r Republican principles, they are right for the American people”, Dr Roberts said. “I don’t just think, I know given polling data that the American people are tired of the status quo in Washington.” The White House also added in a statement that the Biden administration’s view is that the need to raise the debt limit to allow the US to continue paying its’ debts is “not negotiable or conditional”. The readout also noted that Biden would welcome a “separate discussion” with Congress about controlling the debt while growing the economy. Also in the press conference, Dr Roberts added Heritage is “deeply disappointed … at the lack of support that Leader (Mitch) McConnell is offering Speaker McCarthy”. McConnell has left McCarthy and the House GOP conference to negotiate any debt ceiling increase, as the Senate is controlled by the Democrats. “I can just tell you as someone who spends as much time outside DC as I can that conservatives, from the more moderate to the more strident who are really driving the movement right now, they believe that that is a betrayal”, Dr Roberts added. “It’s interesting that just in terms of politics, McCarthy, who has never been overwhelmingly popular with conservatives, is doing a really good job at cohering the movement.” Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-New York, also told Biden not to negotiate ahead of the meeting with McCarthy. McConnell argued the Democrat was hypocritical given his stance in 2017, when he negotiated with then-President Donald Trump. “It is right, appropriate, and entirely normal that our need to raise the debt limit would be paired with negotiations regarding Democrats’ runaway printing and spending,” McConnell said. He added Schumer and the Democrats are “trying to rewrite history and pretend that Republican demands for negotiation are unusual, but that, of course, is just false”.