Ron DeSantis is facing a fresh attack by Donald Trump as polls show he has a chance of beating the former president. However the Florida Governor has, again, sidestepped Trump's swipe. Donald Trump's most recent attack took shape as a re-shared post on Truth Social claiming DeSantis had behaved inappropriately around students when he taught at a private school in the early 2000s. The original story ran on a website called the Hill Reporter which posted a photo purporting to show DeSantis with teenage girls at a party. The New York Times reported in November that DeSantis sometimes "hung out at parties with seniors" while he was a 23-year-old teacher. The original poster on Truth Social called the image "pretty gross". Donald Trump then re-shared the photo and added the comment: "No way?"  However, while giving a press conference on Wednesday, DeSantis dismissed the attack. "I spend my time delivering results for the people of Florida and fighting against Joe Biden," DeSantis said. "That's how I spend my time. I don't spend my time trying to smear other Republicans." As Trump took a jab at the Governor, he was hosting a panel on defamation where he said the Florida legislature should make it easier to sue media outlets for defamation. However, when he was asked how a new law would address Trump's comments he said that he could "fight back" as he was a Governor.  READ MORE: US TV host says 'the more we get to know Harry, the less we like him' He said: "It's different for me because I can fight back and people just know I face defamatory stuff every single day I've been governor, that's just the nature of it. But I have a platform to fight back, and a lot of these other people that are [smaller], they don't necessarily have a platform to fight back." Although he has not declared his candidacy, Ron DeSantis is seen as the most likely successful challenger to Trump in a Republican presidential primary. A new Yahoo News/YouGov poll even showed DeSantis beating the former president in a head-to-head matchup, although Trump still comes out on top if other candidates are added to the mix. This isn't the first time Trump has attacked Ron DeSantis since he emerged as a likely challenger.  DON'T MISS:America has 'little time' for Britain after Brexit, says US anchor [INSIGHT]Chinese spy balloon 'likely' gathered 'nuclear intelligence' [ANALYSIS]Meghan feels confident to 'go out on her own' as Harry acts a 'fool' [REPORT] He previously called him "Ron DeSanctimonious" and threatened to reveal damaging information about him if he challenged Trump. "If he did run, I will tell you things about him that won’t be very flattering. I know more about him than anybody other than perhaps his wife," Donald Trump previously told reporters, according to reporting by The Wall Street Journal. DeSantis is thought to be waiting until after the Florida legislative season ends in May to announce a potential campaign. Although Trump still has a strong base, some in the GOP have looked to the Governor for a 2024 run following a lacklustre performance in the midterms by some of the former president's handpicked candidates. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 