Joe Biden has been told he "ought to move quickly" to kickstart trade talks with Brexit Britain now a new framework has been agreed upon between the UK and the EU. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said the so-called Windsor Framework will remove the need for border checks on the island of Ireland. National Foreign Trade Council president Jake Colvin welcomed the development and said the framework would "unlock a real advancing opportunity" for the US. Colvin said: "The friction over trade with Northern Ireland has been a stumbling block to a US-UK Free Trade Agreement. "If the Windsor Framework can break the impasse over trade with Northern Ireland, the Biden Administration ought to move quickly to discuss a comprehensive trade deal with the UK, which would enjoy significant bipartisan support in Congress. "Resolving this deadlock would unlock a real opportunity for the Biden Administration to demonstrate its commitment to advancing opportunities for America’s workers, businesses and farmers and creating stronger economic ties with a crucial ally.” Congress, especially members of the Friends of Ireland caucus, had warned they would veto any trade agreement with the UK if the Belfast Agreement were jeopardised. JUST IN: There are 4 winners from new Brexit deal... and Boris isn't one of them, says DAVID MADDOX Biden himself had suggested he would not agree to negotiations with Brexit Britain, citing his extensive record in pushing for reconciliation on the island as well as his Irish heritage. But the US President showed signs of relaxation in his position as he welcomed the new framework as a necessary step to protect the Belfast Agreement. He said: "Today’s announcement between the United Kingdom and the European Union on the Windsor Framework is an essential step to ensuring that the hard-earned peace and progress of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement is preserved and strengthened. "I appreciate the efforts of the leaders and officials on all sides who worked tirelessly to find a way forward that protects Northern Ireland’s place within the UK’s internal market as well as the EU’s single market, to the benefit of all communities in Northern Ireland." READ MORE: Boris Johnson ‘right to question’ Rishi Sunak’s Brexit strategy – YOU VOTED Biden added: "I am confident the people and businesses of Northern Ireland will be able to take full advantage of the economic opportunities created by this stability and certainty, and the United States stands ready to support the region’s vast economic potential." Rep Brandon Boyle of Pennsylvania said it was now time to "fully come together" as he welcomed the Windsor Framework. Boyle said: "I commend UK and EU leaders upon reaching this important agreement. "It is now vital that all parties return to NI Assembly. Finally, after several years of friction between UK & EU, and UK & US, over this issue, it’s now time to fully come together." DON'T MISS:Labour plots to trigger Tory civil war over Brexit deal with EU [LATEST]Rishi Sunak is making the biggest gamble of his political career [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak vows his new Brexit deal will 'finish the job' for UK [UPDATE] Fellow caucus member Rep Bill Keating said: "I commend the UK and the EU for remaining committed and for putting the interests of the people of Northern Ireland first in negotiations surrounding the Protocol. "Commitment on all sides is essential and I look forward to further progress now that this agreement has been reached." And Congressman Richard Neal of Massachusetts said: "Today’s agreement is the result of constructive, continued engagement by the EU and the UK in search of joint solutions. "I appreciate the steadfast commitment and compromise by both sides to find common ground to resolve the trade frictions related to the Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland. "Ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement, now is the time to protect the hard-earned gains of the Agreement, and to deepen EU-UK cooperation and partnership for generations to come.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews