NBC’s long-running crime drama series Law and Order: Special Victims Unit, is in the midst of the action and drama during its 24th season. Along with the unfolding scenes, Law and Order will be seeing the return of Bradley Whitford and Nancy Travis, who will both guest-star in the February 23 episode, which has been directed by Mariska Hargitay. A rep of the show has confirmed both Whitford and Travis will make an appearance in next week's show. Producers have kept details about Travis’ character and storyline quiet as nothing has been officially announced yet. However, Whitford will play the part of a professor struggling with early-onset dementia who later confesses to a murder. Whitford and Travis are the latest additions to an ever-changing Law & Order: SVU cast. Fans can look forward to seeing Whitford back on their screens, he currently stars as Commander Lawrence in Hulu’s drama The Handmaid’s Tale. He also made his directorial debut during the fifth season of The Handmaid’s Tale, putting his talent to use during the penultimate episode, Allegiance. Whitford played Josh Lyman in another NBC drama The West Wing, earning three consecutive Emmy Award nominations and three consecutive Golden Globe Award nominations for the role, as well as one Emmy win. He has since won two more Emmys, one for his role as Marcy on Prime Video’s Comedy, Transparent and another for his current role as Commander Joseph Lawrence on the Hulu drama The Handmaid’s Tale  Travis, 61, made her breakthrough in 1987, playing Sylvia Bennington in the comedy film Three Men and a Baby. She is best known, television-wise, for her nine-season run on Last Man Standing, as well as The Kominsky Method. In 1994, Travis married Robert N. Fried, the former president and CEO of Savoy Pictures and they have two sons. The procedural drama is currently in its 24th season, and recently said goodbye to longtime cast member Kelli Giddish, who played Detective Amanda Rollins for more than a decade. Variety exclusively revealed that the exit wasn’t her choice, but a decision made by Producer Dick Wolf. Giddish explained: “I started playing her in my late 20s, so I’ve played her in three decades of my life, which is nuts. It’s insane. This is a show unlike any other,” “Shows don’t last 12 years, much less getting to play a character. With playing someone as multifaceted as Rollins, I got to play all kinds of different things, down and out, on top, joyful, doubtful, scared, triumphant. I got to do the gambit.” The actress added: “It’s time in the Rollins storyline. I felt like where it was heading, and where it headed last night, just seemed the right place to leave it right now.” Law and Order veteran Ice-T also confirmed this week that he has partnered up with iHeartPodcasts, to create a new podcast called Ice-T’s Daily Game. The actor said: “It's something that you can drink your coffee to and get up in the morning and say, 'Man, I got to listen to this one today,' and hopefully it'll help you.” For five minutes every episode, Rapper Ice-T will drop "game" that will hopefully help listeners as they start or end their day. Law and Order season 24 continues Thursdays on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 