A man has been applauded for the “petty revenge” he took against “little punks” who used to target his letterbox as a part of mindless vandalism. He told the people on Reddit how he would go out to collect his letter and discovered a huge dent in the side of his letterbox.  He explained that the dent also caused difficulty opening the letterbox. To find a solution to the problem, the man placed a tube inside his letterbox so the postal workers could deliver his letters as usual. However, he then filled the surrounding space with concrete to make it almost impossible to dent out of shape. Sharing his “petty revenge” on Reddit, he said: “Let's see you little punks smash my letterbox now.”   While many of them enjoyed and laughed at his “ingenious” plan, others shared a thought for the oblivious victim who next tries to smash it in with their fist or foot. One user said: "You can see the concrete is cracked next to the dent - it seems like they did indeed hit it one last time." Another user added: "I hit some mailboxes in high school. I got community service and wrote letters of apology. Still feel bad about it. But I did learn how wrong it was." A third user said: "The funniest part is the single dent. Tried it one last time did they?" READ MORE: Britain to get 148 of world's most advanced tanks, says Ben Wallace  One more user added: "One swift hit with a baseball bat ought to break it... the batter's hand, that is." It comes after a homeowner decided to take revenge on a stranger who parked in his driveway when attending a house party in his neighbourhood. He explained how he returned home from work on Friday to find another person's car parked up his drive, leaving him with no other option but to leave his car elsewhere. But he decided to get "petty revenge" on the driver by parking right behind them, ultimately blocking them in until he moved his car four days later. DON'T MISS:British soldiers brave blistering cold with -12C  [INSIGHT]Young fisherman drowned after going overboard  [SPOTLIGHT]Mother ‘gutted’ as thief caught on CCTV stealing flowers  [REVEAL] He said: "I came home from work to find someone on our block was having a large party and someone decided they were entitled to park in my driveway. "Keep in mind my driveway is a single car width lined with a retaining wall on both sides and a garage at the end. "It is essentially impossible for a tow truck to come pull them out without property damage. "Seeing this and the lack of street parking I took this as a cue to park right behind them in my driveway." The man received a knock on the door a few hours later from the "entitled parker" demanding him to move his car so she could drive away - but he wasn't in the mood for any of that. "Seeing as they were demanding, I informed them that I had been drinking and would not move my car," he added on Reddit. 