Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta will reunite with referee Anthony Taylor during the Gunners clash with Manchester City on Wednesday for the first time since being booked by the official during the 3-2 win over Manchester United in January. It comes after VAR official John Brooks was replaced by David Coote for the top-of-the-table fixture after a high-profile mistake at the weekend. Arsenal’s match against City at the Emirates on Wednesday is likely to be crucial in the Premier League title race with the Sky Blues just two points behind the Gunners. Arteta’s men have somewhat stumbled in recent weeks, losing to Everton before dropping points to Brentford at home this weekend. However, the 1-1 draw against the Bees was not without controversy with VAR official Lee Mason forgetting to draw the offside lines against Christan Norgaard in the build-up to the equaliser. Arteta was not afraid to vent his fury after the match. It was not the only notable refereeing mistake that weekend either with Brooks drawing the lines to the wrong defender during Brighton’s 1-1 with Crystal Palace meaning Pervis Estupinan's opener goal was wrongly chalked off. He has paid for his decision by being stripped of his VAR duties on Wednesday with Coote coming into replace him. READ MORE: O'Hara urges Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan clash Arteta could still be on a collision course with referee’s despite this change given he will reunite with Taylor for the first time since being booked by the official against United last month. He also has prev with the Manucian, being so annoyed by his decisions during the 4-2 win over Brighton in December that he simply laughed at him. However, the omens for Arteta are not all bad. Taylor has taken charge of four Arsenal matches this season with the Gunners emerging victorious on each occasion. The 40-year-old voiced his disdain for the refereeing decisions at the weekend with the offside call for Brentford’s equaliser particularly annoying. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell' “I think so,” Arteta said when asked if he thought Norgaard was offside. “But then I’m hoping the cameras and the visuals … maybe it looks like there were two actions. I don’t know. It’s too late, it’s fine. The goal was allowed and we dropped two points. With the second [possible offside], I don’t know because you have to see the line the way they see it with the cameras. It’s irrelevant. It’s gone.” Arteta will hope there will be no more hiccups during Wednesday’s encounter with City as he looks to maintain the Gunners’ place at the top of the Premier League. Kick-off at the Emirates is at 7.30pm with the match broadcast live on Amazon Prime.