Looking for a peaceful wellbeing escape? New research from holidaycottages.co.uk has found the best staycation destinations in the UK for relaxation. READ MORE: I tried three packing methods to stop jewellery from tangling Beautiful Devon took the top spot in the peaceful rankings and it’s not hard to see how the gorgeous destination could boost wellbeing. A spokesperson said: “Famous for its mix of beautiful, lush green landscapes and Mediterranean worthy beaches, Devon ranked top. “Boasting a high air quality score, you can take in the crisp Devon air with a brisk walk in one of the country’s two national parks - Dartmoor and Exmoor. “Whether cliff-lined or surrounded by dunes, Devon is home to a whopping 13 Blue Flag beaches. You can even bring your pooch pals along for a walk at South Sands Beach which welcomes dogs between October and April.” According to the group’s research, there are over 2,400 animal species to spot in Devon, making it the perfect place for a relaxing family holiday. Wales’ top rated destination, Pembrokeshire, was named the second most peaceful spot in the UK. A spokesperson said: “As a shining example of Wales’s beautiful landscapes and fauna, Pembrokeshire is a must-visit for those that want a wellness escape away from the crowds. “With glorious views across to Ireland, the coastal area is home to 10 Blue Flag beaches. Four of them are located in Tenby where you can enjoy a breathtaking morning run along the sands. READ MORE: UK’s most romantic holiday destination is ‘picturesque’   “Pembrokeshire is also home to more than 5,000 wildlife species, so there are plenty to spot whether taking a stroll or enjoying more pulse-raising activities such as coasteering or kayaking.” The Pembrokeshire coast is alive with creatures and children can go rock pooling to search for sea slugs or crabs. Cornwall was named the third most peaceful spot in the UK and has just under 2,450 species of wildlife. The spokesperson said: “Teeming with stunning stretches of golden sands, glistening clear waters and plenty of heritage, Cornwall ranked third on the list for a wellbeing break. “The southwest peninsula is most famous as a surfers’ paradise, with nine Blue Flag beaches where you can ride the waves, or enjoy the views as you walk along the shore. “With plenty of quaint villages to rest your head at night, Cornwall is the perfect home away from home. “Dotted with plenty of boutique shops and Michelin star restaurants, you never have to feel too detached from society.” Gwynedd and Norfolk rounded off the top five while North Yorkshire landed just outside the top spots.