A recovering alcoholic has announced ambitious plans to open an alcohol-free pub. Sam Watson has outlined his idea for "an old-school pub without the alcohol" that is open in the evenings. The Dry Dock will offer non-alcoholic drinks, soft drinks, and hot drinks throughout the day and evening, reports Dorset Live. A fundraiser aimed at helping set up the venue has already attracted £1,190 in donations and an overwhelmingly positive response from residents across the Weymouth area, with many believing it will help provide an alternative venue for customers. The pub will be supported by a community interest company, and all profits will go back into the business and support local charities in the area.  Weymouth already has a number of bars and pubs that regularly attract tourists and residents for a drink or two, but Sam firmly believes an alcohol-free pub would slot in perfectly into the hospitality scene. He explained that while he was in recovery, he found it difficult to find places to meet people in an alcohol-free environment and wanted to create a safe place to help him and other recovering alcoholics and addicts meet and socialise. He hopes to open before the summer if funding can be secured for the ambitious plans.  Sam, who lives in Portland, Dorset, said: "The biggest reason that it's come about is that someone approached me a little while ago asking for some help with their own alcohol use. "I wanted to meet up with them and I couldn't invite them to my house, I couldn't go to their house and then I looked for somewhere to meet in the evening and there wasn't anywhere. "So, I decided that the best solution to the problem is to fix it by opening my own venue. "The idea is an old-school pub without the alcohol and the other bigger aspect is the community space. "It’s a community space for people to come to be safe and there's none of the distractions that are caused within the town centre. "I've got lots of experience of running pubs in the past and it’s just putting its unique spin to make it alcohol-free." Sam has searched many vacant units for his new alcohol-free pub and has already earmarked former opticians on St Thomas Street as the perfect location for Dry Dock. The pub will include a bar, live music, plenty of entertainment, dartboard and potentially a pool table in a "safe and welcoming environment". Dry Dock will become a meeting point for Weymouth Street Pastors during the evening and aims to support their work of keeping revellers safe on nights out. Sam continued: "The one thing that I want to make sure is that it's not just a pub for people in recovery, it's for everyone. "The concept is everyone's welcome, but it's also welcoming to people that have had problems in the past and that have had mental health issues. "We're definitely going to have a dartboard possibly a pool table depending on space. "We want to have some music and then lots of live bands. "We know quite a few bands through Andy’s Man Club and lots of people that said they want to get involved." Sam, who works for Reach Drug and Alcohol Services, is locally known for his work with Andy’s Man Club on Portland and other community projects and aims to support other people in recovery and battling addictions. His own mental health journey and struggles with alcoholism has driven him to help provide Weymouth with an alcohol-free pub and help provide a safe place for people.  He said: "I think my experience with addiction, particularly alcohol addiction, is a vital part of it because I've been through my own struggles, and it's been very difficult to get the help that I needed. "When I did get the help I needed, I've embraced it with both hands and I think it's another avenue to keep people safe and keep people away from the difficulties that alcohol causes. "My own journey was long, my mental health caused a lot of the problems I was in. "It wasn't until I was able to get mental health support and support from our local drug and alcohol service that I got clean and sober. "But when I did, I sort of realised that there's so many gaps in the market for this sort of thing and having the mental health support and the alcohol-free environment pulls so many things together." Buoyed by the support of Andy’s Man Club and Reach, Sam wants to open Dry Dock within the next two months and be open before the Coronation Weekend of King Charles. "I just would love everyone to get involved in supporting us as much as possible", he added. To donate to the Dry Dock fundraiser, click here. 