Ariana DeBose, who was awarded the Best Supporting Actress accolade at last year's BAFTAs for West Side Story, rapped about the 2023 female nominees on Sunday night. The 32-year-old began her performance in song, but viewers were left baffled when she started rapping.  Ariana treated viewers and the star-studded audience to a rendition of the Eurythmics hit Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves. She added a rap verse so she could nod to a number of female stars in the audience. The names dropped in the rap included Ana De Armas, Katy Brand, Voila Davis and Jamie Lee Curtis, with the cameras cutting to them as they were mentioned by the singer. Some A-listers looked slightly confused by the verse, but others appeared pleased to join in - with Jamie seen dancing in her seat. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm fan translates what Gerald Cooper says in the show  Viewers flocked to Twitter to comment on Ariana's unconventional performance as it aired. Kate Reinking penned: "Look Ariana DeBose did the best she could with the material, but who the hell wrote that song? Because jail, immediately." (sic) Alvin shared: "This has unlocked a whole new level of cringe for me. Like I can’t. I need a day off to recover." Alex said: "Ariana is usually brilliant but this clip at least was pretty painful to watch. I'm sorry."  Ruth said: "This is the worst s**t I’ve ever seen in my life, there’s so much I can pick out, I’m losing it." (sic) However, other BAFTA viewers had kinder words to say about the stage star. AJ Adams commented: "I hope someone checks in to make sure Ariana DeBose is okay - for this performance and for the hate she's getting for it. "Ariana is a super talented artist (Hamilton, The Prom, West Side Story) but this was not a strong performance for her." DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton's 'rare' red carpet 'miss' at last night's BAFTAs [PICTURES]Anya Taylor-Joy and Ellie Goulding cause stir in eccentric BAFTA looks [MUST SEE]Tim Minchin confesses he ‘misses’ Spice Girl Mel C in sweet admission  [LATEST] Vahoughe said: "I've watched Ariana DeBose's BAFTA performance and it wasn't that bad. "It wasn't phenomenal but it's not that bad either. Y'all just want to jump on the hate train." (sic) Later in the show, Little Simz dazzled the audience with her "electrifying" performance when she took to the stage with Joan Armatrading. The ceremony was held at the Royal Festival Hall and actor Richard E Grant was joined by This Morning's Alison Hammond to host the event.  Vick Hope and film critic Ali Plum were dressed up on the red carpet to interview this year's nominees and winners. Elvis star Austin Butler was awarded Best Actor at the ceremony, beating Colin Farrell. The 31-year-old actor held back tears as he paid tribute to the Presleys while accepting the accolade for portraying the late King of Rock 'n' Roll. The 2023 BAFTAs ceremony can now be streamed on BBC iPlayer. 