Ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley has officially entered the Grand Old Party (GOP) primary race, taking on Donald Trump for the conservative crown. The 51-year-old announced her candidacy for 2024 in a short clip uploaded to social media as Americans woke up at 6.48am EST (11.48am GMT). During her 210-second launch video, Haley made several comments which could hint at how the Republican race will unfold. Here are five things Express.co.uk has taken away from her launch.   The ex-Palmetto State Governor seems to have nailed down a slogan which she could use against her former boss. Haley said: "It's time for a new generation of leadership, to rediscover fiscal responsibility, secure our border and strengthen our country, our pride and our purpose." She made the same claim when she hinted at running for the White House during a Fox News interview last month. Despite not quite striking the same chord as "Make America Great Again", the slogan could resonate with Republicans following 2022's midterm elections. The GOP was widely expected to make massive inroads last November. However, while the party took back control of the House, Republican candidates struggled in key Senate and gubernatorial races. She also pointed out: "Republicans have lost the popular vote in seven out of the last eight presidential elections. That has to change." The last Republican to have won a general election with the popular vote was George W Bush when he sought re-election in 2004. However, out of the five Presidents to have won without the popular vote, four are from the GOP. Trump trailed Hillary Clinton by almost three million votes in 2016. Bush's path to the White House in 2000 was controversially achieved despite a 500,000 ballot deficit, with 537 votes in Florida tipping the balance. Other Commanders-in-Chief to have entered the Oval Office without the popular vote include Rutherford Hayes in 1876, Benjamin Harrison in 1888 and John Quincy Adams in 1824. JUST IN: More than half of Democrats do not want 'crazy' Biden to be President in 2024 - poll Haley's decision to enter the race means she will inevitably face-off against the ex-President. She refused to name her former boss during her launch video but by calling for a "new generation" Haley has at least suggested its time to move on from Trump. The pair have a somewhat interesting relationship, with Haley lambasting Trump before serving as his UN Ambassador. During the 2016 campaign, when Haley initially backed Florida Senator Marco Rubio, the 51-year-old labelled the then property tycoon a "bully", adding: "Donald Trump is everything I taught my children not to do in kindergarten." Despite name dropping Russia and China, Haley did say in her clip: "I don't put up with bullies and when you kick back it hurts them more when you're wearing heels." The 45th POTUS recently appeared to dismiss Haley's chances in the GOP primary race, saying: "Go by your heart if you want to run." Opinion polls conducted so far support Trump's attitude towards Haley. A YouGov survey gave Trump a 10-point lead over leading Republican rival Ron DeSantis, with Haley languishing behind even Mike Pence in fourth place on five percent. Leading figures in the Republican Party have looked to position themselves as anti-woke and anti-cancel culture following Trump's triumph in 2016. DeSantis helped establish himself as the darling of the GOP grassroots partly due to his arguments with Disney, hardline stance on COVID-19 and position on African-American studies. Haley seemed to also keep the populist flame alive, saying: "Some look at our past as evidence that America's founding principles are bad. "They say the promise of freedom is just made up, some think our ideas are not just wrong but racist and evil. "Nothing could be further from the truth." She added: "Even on our worst day, we are blessed to live in America." Haley went on to slam the "Washington establishment", "the socialist left" and Joe Biden. DON'T MISS:Horror as gunman kills three and wounds five [LATEST]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace [REPORT]Teen found alive and pregnant in wardrobe after going missing [INSIGHT]  Despite echoing Trump's "drain the swamp" mantra, Haley also appeared to pose as a new type of Republican Party candidate. Her efforts went well beyond calls for a "new generation" at the top of the GOP. The 51-year-old actively sought to stress her background and gender as key characteristics which could help her if elected as POTUS. Explaining her background, Haley said: "The railroad tracks divided the town by race. "I was the proud daughter of Indian immigrants, not black, not white, I was different. "But my mom would always say your job is not to focus on the differences but the similarities." Haley also quipped: "I don't put up with bullies and when you kick back it hurts them more if you wear heels." The Republican Party and wider US political establishment has long been accused of being too white, too old and too male. Haley's pitch clearly indicated that she believes she can shatter the glass ceiling, especially given she is just the third female GOP primary candidate. However, to do so, Haley would need to go one step further than Clinton in 2016. Stressing her local roots and previous work in high office, Haley heralded her time as South Carolina Governor. She said: "I was born and raised in South Carolina so I have seen the very best of our country. "People here threw out the old, tired political establishment and demanded accountability for their tax dollars. "Industry reports called us the beast of the south east, which I loved." Haley added: "When evil did come we turned away from fear, towards God and the values which still make our country the freest and greatest in the world." However, Haley notably did not discuss her time as Trump's UN Ambassador.