Financial analysts are warning that the inflation is having a detrimental effect on people’s taxes, namely on CGT. Specifically, experts are warning of a “triple whammy of blows” directed at taxpayers due to inflation, the freezing of tax allowances and the Government’s failure to introduce indexation or taper relief to relieve the financial pressure on people. CGT is a levy on the profit a taxpayer earns when they dispose of an asset they own that has increased in value. Any gain they make from this increased value is subject to tax, but the amount of money taxpayers make from getting rid of it is not. There are multiple examples of what qualifies as disposing of an assist; including selling it, swapping it for another item or giving it to someone as a gift. If someone is a resident in the UK, they may be liable to capital gains tax on disposals of assets located anywhere in the world, not just within the country of residence. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The allowance for capital gains tax is due to be reduced from its current level of £12,300 to £6,000 on 6 April 2023. People have to pay CGT on any earnings over this amount and this is the lowest the allowance has been for more than a quarter of a century. Experts are warning that the UK’s soaring inflation rate in the meantime has more than halved the buying power of £6,000. On top of this, capital gains tax is set to be cut again to £3,000 the following year to its lowest level in more than four decades. As it stands, the UK’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate for January 2023 is sitting at 10.1 percent. Despite this being the third consecutive monthly drop in a row, inflation remains extremely high and is eating away at Britons’ tax allowances. The Government has failed to introduce either taper relief or indexation to support taxpayers which means inflation is being taxed, as well as real gains. There was relief from capital gains tax available to individuals, trustees or personal representatives but it was abolished by the Finance Act 2008. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing This taper relief reduced the amount of a chargeable gain according to how long an asset was held after April 5, 1998. Thanks to this support, the relief for non-business assets cut the rate of CGT paid by a higher rate taxpayer from 40 percent to 24 percent after a decade of ownership. However, this taper relief no longer exists and the freezing of income tax thresholds means more people will pay a higher rate of capital gains tax. This is primarily due to the fact that wage inflation is dragging them into a much higher tax bracket. Sarah Coles, the head of personal finance at Hargreaves Lansdown, broke down the series of “blows” heading taxpayers' way in light of the many changes coming to CGT. She explained: “Capital gains tax is a tax on inflation, and at a time when it’s racing ahead in double digits, investors are facing a triple whammy of blows. “If their investments outside of tax wrappers manage to keep up with inflation, they’ll be taxed on anything over their annual allowance when they sell up, seriously denting their inflation-matching ability. “To make matters worse, the slashing of the allowance means inflation has pushed ever-larger slices of the gain into the realms of tax. “And because income tax thresholds have been frozen, more of them will pay a higher rate of CGT into the bargain.”