Neymar and Kylian Mbappe could be set for an uncomfortable reunion at Paris Saint-Germain with Thomas Tuchel reportedly an option to replace Christophe Galtier in the near future. Tuchel is currently out of a job after being sacked by Chelsea at the start of the season back in September. The German coach took over at Stamford Bridge in January 2021 after being let go by PSG the month prior, where he won two Ligue 1 titles and reached the Champions League final in 2020. Tuchel was the man tasked with trying to work out a way to have both Neymar and Mbappe work together at the Parc des Princes following the Frenchman's arrival in 2018. But there were noticeable fractions between the manager and his star players throughout his tenure in charge. Mbappe was embroiled in a heated touchline argument with Mbappe after taking the forward off in a match against Montpellier. However, it's with Neymar who Tuchel had a more testing relationship throughout his tenure at PSG. Tuchel would regularly face questions over Neymar's commitment to the team with the Brazilian often going out to party and being accused of skipping training for personal matters.  It was under Tuchel when Neymar faced a chorus of boos from the PSG fans for wanting to force through a move to Barcelona. The former Chelsea boss also slammed Neymar back in April 2019 for hitting out at a football fan recording him while the Brazilian went up to collect his runners up medal in the Coupe de France. Now it's being reported that Tuchel could be set for a sensational return to the Parc des Princes. According to RMC Sport, current PSG boss Galtier is under increasing pressure following three-straight defeats.  It's said that Galtier's job is safe for now, but defeat against Bayern in the second leg of their Champions League tie on March 8 could change things. Zinedine Zidane is reportedly the top target for PSG officials, but Tuchel is also said to have "supporters at the club". Tuchel famously fell out with PSG's former sporting director Leonardo, but the Brazilian has since left the club. The 49-year-old has been linked with a host of jobs since he departed Stamford Bridge at the start of the season. He's been linked with a return to the Premier League as Antonio Conte's possible replacement at Tottenham if the Italian opts to leave this summer.