Back in the summer, after Manchester United lost to Brighton and Brentford, Erik ten Hag made it clear he needed more reinforcements. One player he was keen on was Antony, with the Brazil international seen as the ideal player to go on the right of his attack. And the Glazers gave in - with the Americans seeing their decision justified after a famous 2-1 win over Barcelona on Thursday night. Manchester United and Barcelona played out a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp last week. And that meant the tie was in the balance prior to kick-off at Old Trafford, with the Red Devils hoping to continue their recent resurgence. Their night got off to the worst possible start when Robert Lewandowski put Barcelona ahead from the penalty spot. The Poland international saw his effort beat David De Gea, despite the 32-year-old getting a hand to the ball. At half-time, however, United decided to change things up. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Off came Wout Weghorst, with the Netherlands international flat up top during the opening 45 minutes of the contest. And on came Antony, with the United star making his first appearance for the club since a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace earlier in the month. The Brazil star has experienced his fair share of criticism since his summer arrival from Ajax. But his goal against Barcelona, the one that saw United go through, has justified the decision to sign him. After the early defeats to Brighton and Brentford, the Glazers knew they had no choice but to sanction more spending. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit By that point, United had already reinforced their side with deals for the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. The Glazers agreed to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid, with the Brazil international touching down for a fee in the region of £60million. And then, late in the window, Antony arrived as well. The Glazers were wary of spending more money, especially after the deal for Casemiro. But after being impressed by how much Antony wanted to join, they decided to intervene and grant Ten Hag one last permanent deal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Samba star has blown hot and cold during his first season in English football. He started well, netting three goals in his first three appearances, but injuries have hampered him at times. But injuries have niggled at him all season long, while he’s also attracted criticism for his continuous skills and flicks. Nobody will be criticising Antony after the win over Barcelona, however. The United star took his winner excellently, cutting in on his left foot to rifle an unstoppable strike past Marc-Andre Ter Stegen. And with Newcastle up next in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday, who knows exactly what this team can achieve? United remain in with a shout of winning four trophies this term. Certainly, the positive mood around the club doesn’t look like subsiding anytime soon.