Moldova's airspace was closed after the authorities in Romania alerted the authorities in Chisinau that a suspected drone had flown across the country's territory. The sky over the former Soviet state has since resumed normal operations, according to the AAC, the country's civil aviation authority.  "Following the meeting of the Interdepartmental Commission for Airspace Management, a NOTAM was issued temporarily closing the airspace of the Republic of Moldova at 11:24 a.m., February 14, in order to ensure the safety and security of civil aviation. "At 2:47 p.m., the airspace was reopened," the AAC announced in a statement. The incident comes as the Moldovan president's openly accused Moscow of an alleged plot to overthrow her government Russia's plot, according to Moldovan President Maia Sandu, called for attacks on government facilities, hostage-taking, and other violent operations by gangs of saboteurs in order to put the country "at the disposal of Russia" and thwart its aspirations to join the European Union. Responding Tuesday, Russia's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova dismissed Sandu's claims as “absolutely unfounded and unsubstantiated.” "They are built in the spirit of classical techniques that are often used by the United States, other Western countries and Ukraine," Zakharova said. "First, accusations are made with reference to purportedly classified intelligence information that cannot be verified, and then they are used to justify their own illegal actions." Sandu’s claim came a week after neighboring Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said his country had intercepted plans by Russian secret services to destroy Moldova. Moldovan intelligence officials later said that they confirmed the allegations. Zakharova charged that Ukrainian authorities made up the claim about a purported Russian plan to destabilize Moldova in order to draw it into a confrontation with Russia. She argued that Moldovan authorities used “the myth about a Russian threat to distract Moldovan citizens' attention from internal problems resulting from a disastrous social-economic course of the current administration and to step up the fight against dissent and political opponents.” Zakharova insisted that Russia poses no threat to Moldova and hopes to develop mutually beneficial cooperation. Since Russian troops rolled into Ukraine nearly a year ago, Moldova, a former Soviet republic of about 2.6 million people, has sought to forge closer ties with its Western partners. Last June, it was granted EU membership candidate status, the same day as Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Baby dropped off in scheme that lets parents give up new-borns [REVEALED]UFO 'interfered with sensors' on jets before being shot down [LATEST]William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source [REPORT] Costin Ciobanu, a political scientist at the Royal Holloway University of London, said it’s likely there "was a huge pressure" on Moldovan authorities to explain more to the public after Zelenskyy first went public with the security information last week in Brussels. "Today’s announcement by President Sandu legitimizes the narrative that Moldova needs to focus on its security," he told The Associated Press. "Probably, based on the evidence they received, they are now more sure of these kinds of attempts by Russians." He added that Sandu going public could also be a preemptive bid to thwart "Russia’s attempts to destabilize Moldova," in the same way Western officials called out the Kremlin’s war plans before its invasion of Ukraine.