Simon Jordan has apologised to Stuart Pearce after claiming he bottled his penalty at the 1990 World Cup. The former Crystal Palace chairman boldly made the claim to the ex-England defender's face last week but has now admitted he was wrong to do so. Pearce famously saw his penalty saved in the shootout defeat to West Germany at the semi-final stage 33 years ago. England went on to lose 4-3 with Chris Waddle blazing the Three Lions' fifth spot-kick over the bar. Jordan claims Harry Kane bottled his penalty in the quarter-final loss to France in Qatar in December. And he initially felt the same about Pearce. On talkSPORT last week, Jordan and Pearce were alongside each other in the studio. Presenter Jim White asked Jordan: "Would you say to Stuart's face that he bottled his penalty like you say about Harry Kane?" READ MORE: Prem make late VAR replacements for Liverpool vs Everton and Arsenal vs City  To which Jordan replied: "Probably. It doesn't make him a bottler. It meant he succumbed to the pressure. "Now, it's really easy for someone like me who doesn't have to do it. But then again I'm not a professional footballer." Pearce gave a stern stare to Jordan and didn't give an immediate response. But Jordan has now revealed how he rang Pearce over the weekend to apologise. He claims his memory let him down and he confused Pearce's penalty with that of Waddle's. Jordan said on Monday: "I had to climb down from my observation of having the courage of my convictions to say to Stuart Pearce he bottled the penalty, then realising actually my thinking was fundamentally flawed because I'd got Chris Waddle in my mind. DON'T MISSRonaldo proven exactly right by Man Utd moment in massive win over LeedsLeeds next manager: Arne Slot gives verdict on Schreuder replacing MarschChelsea icon Terry hits back at Potter theory in ruthless response  "I'd got Chris Waddle blazing it over the bar and it wasn't - the goalkeeper saved it. So I phoned Pearcey over the weekend to apologise because I was wrong, I was wrong. "I did, I was wrong. I think Harry Kane bottled it, I don't think Stuart Pearce did. It's not because Stuart was across the studio from me. "I answered the question you asked me, you put me in that position and I said yeah. Then I thought about it and thought 'actually the goalkeeper saved it'." Arsenal legend Martin Keown was in the studio on Monday and hit back at Jordan after his U-turn. Keown said: "Maybe that's a lesson for you to think a little bit more before you open your mouth."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here