Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has given his take on a number of talking points from the Reds' win over Everton on Monday night. Jordan Pickford and Darwin Nunez both popped up in the game's big moments as Jurgen Klopp overcame a worrying run of form to steer his side back to winning ways. The Toffees went into the Merseyside derby carrying their best chance of victory in recent years. New boss Sean Dyche oversaw a shock win over Arsenal in his first match, while Liverpool had lost successive games against Brighton and Wolves. Everton failed to thrive in such a pressurised environment, however, and Salah capitalised on their slow start by opening the scoring before half time. Pickford was partly to blame as he came rushing out and got his angles all wrong, allowing the Egyptian to pass the ball into an empty net. On the error, Salah told reporters: "I saw him [Pickford] in the last second to be fair, I didn’t know he was running there, but I saw him at the last second so I just need to pass the ball basically, not to hit it so hard." READ MORE: Man Utd's jaw-dropping XI if Elon Musk buys club for £4.5bn and spends £161m The Liverpool ace then turned his attention to Nunez, who provided the assist with a superb run and cross but couldn't add to his modest Premier League goals tally. Reds fans will hope for more from the £85million summer signing, but Salah believes that the Uruguayan will be a force once he finds his feet. "I train with Darwin so I know his stride," he continued. "I know how he likes to play, when we counter attack we just go. We did it a few times against Napoli, a few times against [Manchester] City, so I know how he plays, and I’m sure this guy is going to score a lot of goals. Once he just starts scoring them, he will score a lot of goals." DON'T MISSRio Ferdinand begged Man Utd to sign Modric but they bought £17m flop insteadEverton boss Dyche points finger at Pickford following error in Liverpool lossGreenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Ten Hag comes to light Another series of Everton errors gifted Liverpool a second goal on Monday, with Trent Alexander-Arnold's low cross to the back post ignored by Conor Coady, allowing Cody Gakpo to tap home his first strike for the Reds. The Dutchman was visibly relieved to get off the mark after his first six Liverpool appearances failed to produce a goal. Liverpool's win puts them ninth in the Premier League table, nine points off the top four despite having played at least one game fewer than most of those around them. Following a much-needed confidence boost, Klopp paid tribute to supporters that have endured their fair share of frustration this term.  "The atmosphere was outstanding," he told reporters. "I'm in love with our crowd - what they did tonight was extremely helpful and the boys paid back. It was a real derby with a difficult opponent but we played the game we wanted to play, not the game Everton wanted to play. "We kept the ball, switching sides, staying patient, getting behind the line and I saw a real unit tonight where everyone was really fighting. And the goals we scored were two sensational counter attacks. Can you remember the last time we had that many options for the guy starting the counter attack? I can't. Tonight we were there."