This evening, Tom Hardy stars in Christopher Nolan's wartime epic Dunkirk at 10pm on BBC Two. While he plays the spy-esque pilot in the historical-fiction movie, he has often been looked at as the next potential James Bond star. After Daniel Craig stepped down from the series following No Time To Die, Hardy has been a favourite with fans - but his odds aren't getting any better. Hardy has been at the forefront of the Bond odds conversation since Craig stepped down from the role. The official announcement of his replacement will likely come next year, but until then the odds are fans' best way to see what's going on behind the scenes. Hardy's odds have changed continuously since No Time To Die hit cinemas in 2021, but now they are at the lowest they have been in a while. At the moment, Ladbrokes have given Hardy 10/1 odds on becoming Craig's replacement in the next Bond movie. While these are still great odds, they place him fifth on the list of candidates. But his hopes of becoming the next international spy are not dashed just yet. Ladbrokes' Alex Apati revealed Hardy is still extremely popular with Bond fans. He said: "Tom Hardy might well be very much up against it in the Bond betting right now, but despite his odds drifting to 10/1, he's still proving a popular pick with punters and remains a firm frontrunner as a result." Hardy does have some stiff competition ahead of him, however, in the form of some major Hollywood stars. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond odds have Happy Valley's James Norton as frontrunner [NEWS]Happy Valley's James Norton would bring 'cool' trait to James Bond [INTERVIEW]Bond fans can snap up 'the most extensive collection' of 007 souvenirs [INSIGHT] Hardy is currently neck-and-neck with Regé-Jean Page of Bridgerton fame. The British-Zimbabwean star rose to fame on the Netflix period drama TV show, and has since wowed viewers even further in The Grey Man and the upcoming Dungeons and Dragons movie. At the moment, he also has 10/1 odds on claiming the role - but he has previously topped the leaderboard. Aaron Taylor-Johnson is just ahead of Hardy after news broke that he had secret meetings with the Bond bosses, Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson, behind the scenes. As a result, he has staggering 3/1 odds on becoming the next British star to don the tuxedo. Taylor-Johnson is neck-and-neck with James Norton of Happy Valley fame. Norton also has a powerful 3/1, and it looks like his odds could improve in the coming weeks following the end of his stint on the BBC show. But at the top of the leaderboard - still - is Henry Cavill. The former Superman and Witcher star has a currently unbeatable 5/2, marking him as the bookie's favourite. But will he be able to hold this position in the months ahead? James Bond No Time To Die is available on Prime Video now.