Protesters are gathering outside a hotel on Merseyside where migrants are being housed - with police issuing an appeal for calm as they move to disperse the crowd amid claims of a "full scale riot". Police confirmed road closures are currently in place in the Prescot area, with extra officers deployed, and three people arrested so far. Dramatic footage showed what appeared to be a police van in flames, with one Twitter user commenting: "It's all going off at the Suites Hotel protest. "They've set a police van on fire. Looks like a full scale riots on the cards." Footage sent to the Liverpool Echo appears to show people attacking a police vehicle with sledgehammers, with officers believed to be dealing with two sets of protesters. Police were pelted with missiles, although there are no reports of injuries. Labour MP Sir George Howarth, the Labour MP for Knowsley, issued a statement shared by the local party in which he urged people not to take the law into their own hands. He said: “I have referred an alleged incident posted on social media, which has triggered a demonstration outside the Suites Hotel, to Merseyside Police and Knowsley Council. “Until the Police have investigated the matter, it is too soon to jump to conclusions and the effort on the part of some to inflame the situation is emphatically wrong. “If an offence has been committed, the police should deal with it appropriately through due process.” Mr Howard continued: “In addition, the misinformation about refugees being feather-bedded is untrue and intended to paint a picture that does not at all represent the facts. “The people of Knowsley are not bigots and are welcoming to people escaping from some of the most dangerous places in the world in search of a place of safety. “Those demonstrating against refugees at this protest tonight do not represent this community. "We are not like that and overwhelmingly behave with sympathy and kindness to others regardless of where they come from’.” A Merseyside Police spokesman said: “We can confirm that officers are in Kirkby dealing with two groups of protesters this evening, Friday 10 February. “At around 6.30pm, officers were facilitating an initially peaceful protest and counter protest on Ribblers Lane. “During the evening, missiles have reportedly been thrown and damage caused to a police vehicle. "No injuries have been reported at this time. “Additional officers are in the area to deal with these incidents. We have also implemented a number of road closures on the East Lancs Road and would urge motorists to avoid the area and those in the area to disperse. More updates will be on @MerseyPolice channels when we have them.” A subsequent statement confirmed three people have been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and taken to police stations to be questioned. Assistant Chief Constable Paul White said: “We will always respect the right to protest when these are peaceful, but the scenes tonight were completely unacceptable, putting those present, our officers and the wider community in danger. Thankfully we have not had any serious injuries reported up to this point, but for officers and police vehicles to be damaged in the course of their duty protecting the public is disgraceful. “We have arrested some of those suspects and will continue without hesitation to review all and any evidence which comes in, through CCTV, images or other information you may have. “I would also like to strongly remind not to post comments, footage or information on our channels but instead to pass it directly to officers via our social media desk @MerPolCC on Twitter or ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’ on Facebook with reference 1149. We will act swiftly upon all information given to identify any further offences and put those involved before the courts.” Witnesses can also pass information anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.