 Our taxes are at a 70-year high and it will get worse from April 6, the start of the new tax year, which is now only six weeks away. On that day, the annual capital gains tax (CGT) allowance will be slashed from today's £12,300 to just £6,000, the lowest level in 25 years. That is only the start as it will be cut again to £3,000 from April 2024, shrinking the amount of gains people can make each year before they start paying tax to HMRC. Hunt has frozen inheritance tax (IHT) thresholds all the way through to 2028, which will drag yet more ordinary families into the net every year as inflation rises. We’re already paying a small fortune in tax. Yesterday, we learned that HM Treasury pocketed £578million from IHT in January alone, up 30 percent in a year. IHT receipts are set to top £7billion this year. IHT is regularly named UK's most hated tax but CGT is even more punitive, costing us a staggering £18billion in the year to January. That is more than double the CGT take five years ago. As the year end looms, it's time to fight back against Hunt's brutal tax raid. You have less time than you think.    Britons can reduce their IHT exposure by maxing out their gift allowances in the current financial year. Every adult can gift a maximum £3,000 a year IHT-free, so couples could gift £6,000 by April 5. If they didn’t use last year’s allowance, they can mop that up, too. So couples could remove £12,000 from their estate in one fell swoop. We can all make further IHT-free gifts of up to £250 per person, as well as £5,000 to a child who is getting married. We can gift £2,500 to a grandchild or great-grandchild on marriage, and £1,000 to a relative or friend. Gifting allowances have been frozen for years but can still help whittle down the size of your estate. From April 6, we all get new annual gifting allowances (unless Hunt changes the rules in his Spring Budget on March 15). Further gifts are known as “potentially exempt transfers” and only fully IHT-free if you live for a further seven years. However, the tax rate does decline in that time, so this may still be worthwhile, said Stevie Heafford, partner at accountancy firm HW Fisher. “Start early as then the clock starts ticking.” She added:  “Making gifts to loved ones can cut your tax bill but do not give away wealth you may need for retirement income or potential care bills.” I have also highlighted more complex IHT tax planning options in recent weeks, which may merit further exploration. This include making regular gifts out of normal expenditure, which most of us don't even know about. Another is setting up a family trust, which people often assume is only for the super-rich, but can work for middle-income families, too. READ MORE: Now is the time to look at inheritance tax loopholes before the Budget  Capital gains tax is charged on profits when selling assets such as a second home, investment property, business, antiques, jewellery, cryptocurrency or shares held outside of an Isa. Basic rate taxpayers pay CGT at 10 percent, rising to 20 percent for higher-rate taxpayers. If selling an investment property or second home, these rates rise to 18 per cent and 28 per cent respectively. HMRC has seen receipts surge as disillusioned buy-to-let landlords exit the rentals market and pay CGT on property price gains. Many more are racing to sell other assets before CGT allowances are slashed in April, said Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell. “Some are fearful of a further crunch on wealth in Hunt's Spring Budget.” It makes sense to complete any sale while you can still use your £12,300 CGT allowance, said Sarah Coles, head of personal finance at Hargreaves Lansdown. “Don’t forget, married couples and civil partners who sell assets held in joint names can cut their bill by using both allowances." Anyone still sitting on gains from shares should consider selling and buying them back inside their £20,000 tax-free Isa allowance. That way they can take advantage of this year's higher CGT allowance, then use the Isa structure to shield the money from both CGT and income tax in future If you cannot beat the April 5 deadline but your spouse or is in a lower income tax band, consider shifting the assets into their name. “They may still pay CGT on disposals, but at a lower rate. There’s no CGT on transfers between married couples.” It may be too late to get professional help this financial year but consider it for the future, as tax planning is complicated.