Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen has welcomed her 21-year-old daughter Raven home after a spell away studying biology at York St John University. She wasted no time in sharing her latest updates with more than half a million followers. The eldest girl in Amanda's brood of nine made her mum proud by achieving a first class honours degree. However, excelling in her education doesn't mean Raven has been let off farm duties, as she has got right back into the routine of lambing season. It's one she knows well as, until the age of 18, the new graduate had never spent any time living away from her farm. Sharing a snap on Instagram of her girl attending to the sheep's needs, she wrote: "Raven is back in the thick of it this weekend. READ NOW: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post "Everyone's hands-on getting the yows [ewes] through the pens for ultrasound pregnancy scanning." "A lot of hands make light work. It didn't take long to get the sheep through the pens and scanned," she continued with enthusiasm. "A smooth operation with little stress for everyone!" In photos, fiery-haired Raven can be seen petting horses and cows, before holding a lamb still as she completes the pregnancy screening process. Meanwhile, she cuddled her younger siblings, who are delighted to have her back after her period of absence. Some of Amanda's 536,000 followers flooded the post with support, with one jokingly exclaiming: "Omg Amanda… what are you feeding those kids?"(sic) The follower, @porcaro05, continued: "They're growing up so fast, so tall and they're all so beautiful - you must be one proud Mum!" Amanda also shared a health update, after battling with painful and dramatically visible patches of the skin condition psoriasis all over her arms.  Since last December, there has been a huge improvement, and she showed off her totally blemish-free arms in a recent post. "The difference is huge!" she exclaimed, adding: "Wish I could say there was something I have tried, but it just happened." Raven, who is rapidly becoming an Instagram star in her own right with almost 40,000 followers, has exclaimed that she has also developed a new interest in cooking. Sharing snaps of some of the images she has prepared, she added: "Making me realise I need to get back into baking!" Meanwhile, Amanda recently shared how she manages to juggle running such a large and active household with her filming commitments. The Farming Lives star believes her mammoth family - with children aged between five and 21 - will cope without her as she films for extended periods elsewhere. "Years of training means they’re fine!" she explained, adding: "The nature of what we do means there’s always something to be done. "They can bake, cook, even tidy up – usually when I give them a warning that I’m coming back!"