Barclays has issued another urgent warning about a common scam that saw a young woman lose thousands of pounds. Grace, whose name has been changed, 24, was scammed out of £10,000 by someone pretending to be from their bank. She has explained her experience in a bid to warn others of the horrific scam. She received a call one afternoon from a number that matched the number her bank provided on their website. The person on the phone told her that her account had been compromised and she needed to act fast. Grace said: “They knew personal information, and said I needed to transfer all my funds, plus a £5,000 overdraft into a new bank account they’d created in my name. “I was on the phone for 2.5 hours, and they asked how I was feeling on multiple occasions, reassuring me and not being too pushy. They also guided me through the steps online, convincing me that they knew the system like the back of their hand. READ MORE: Pensioner’s life ‘changed for the better’ after claiming DWP benefit worth £3,300 a year  An impersonation scam is when someone pretending to be a family member, friend, the police, a bank, business, or public figure manipulates people into sending them money. Barclays is urging people to be more vigilant of impersonation scams in the run up to celebrity award season, as research from the bank shows that a quarter (26 percent) of Brits have been targeted by scammers impersonating celebrities, or know someone that has. However, it’s not just celebrities that scammers are impersonating. Barclays data shows that almost half (45 percent) of all money lost to impersonation scams involves scammers pretending to be the police or the bank. Ross Martin, head of digital safety, at Barclays, said: “Impersonation scams are one of the most common ways in which criminals target victims, whether it’s by impersonating celebrities, or more commonly family members, friends, and even trusted organisations – such as your bank. READ MORE: Pensioners could see £1,000 annual income boost as annuity rates rise by 40% “Scammers will play on your emotions and try to instil a sense of urgency, pressuring you into sending them money. If you receive unexpected calls or messages, especially ones asking for money, immediately end the conversation and call back on a number you trust and have verified. “Remember, if something seems too good to be true, it probably is.” He explained exclusively to Express.co.uk that criminals are capitalising on people trying to save money and get the best deals, which is why it’s important to be aware of the number of different financial scams that are doing the rounds at the moment. Some common ones to look out for are purchase scams, travel scams and even text-message impersonation scams. He said: “A lot of these scams can be hard to spot straight away if you’re not looking for the warning signs, which is why it’s key that everyone remains alert and educates themselves about how these scams operate.” Ross shared his top tips on staying safe from impersonation scams: Mr Martin continued: “If you are worried you have been duped into sharing your bank details or sending money to a scammer, get in contact with your bank as soon as you can. “Anyone that isn’t sure the call is from their legitimate bank should immediately end the call and telephone their bank, using the number on the back of their credit or debit card. “If they are a Barclays customer, they can use the ‘direct call’ option in the Barclays mobile banking app, or ask the caller to verify themselves by sending a notification within the Barclays App.”