Everton's chances of signing ex-Swansea City and West Ham attacker Andre Ayew have been rated at '50/50' as the 33-year-old Ghanaian reportedly prepares to fly to the UK for transfer talks. In yet another bizarre Toffees twist, it appears the Goodison Park hierarchy are indeed considering a shock swoop for the free agent, who is poised to leave Qatari side Al Sadd following the mutual termination of his deal. Ayew has struck 18 times in 30 outings for his former side as he targets an ambitious return to English football in what could only possibly be described as his last hurrah. The Ghana international captain signed for Swansea in 2015 before returning to the club in 2018 following a short spell in east London with West Ham. But Ayew moved onto pastures new around 18 months ago when he signed for Al Sadd in the Middle East following a failed Championship promotion bid with Swansea. Now The Mail are reporting that the versatile forward is a potential option for Everton - despite club sources continually denying links with Ayew on transfer deadline day. READ MORE: Four free agents Everton can still sign beyond transfer deadline to help Sean Dyche It's understood Ayew is expected to arrive in the UK in the next 24 hours with the intention of joining the Toffees or another Premier League club. Ayew featured for the Black Stars at the World Cup in Qatar but it would surely represent an act of desperation of Everton were to move for the seasoned winger. Everton were the only Premier League club not to make a signing in the January transfer window as they continue to flirt with relegation to the Championship. The Toffees are alleged to have submitted a £45m verbal proposal for Chelsea's Conor Gallagher in the final days of the window. READ MOREMan Utd 'asked for second Bayern Munich player' before pursuing Marcel Sabitzer transferFour free agents Everton can still sign beyond transfer deadline to help Sean DycheLeeds target Nicolo Zaniolo 'has flight cancelled' after agreeing Premier League transfer And if the bid was true, there was no progress on that front as Gallagher eventually remained with his boyhood club in west London. Having sold Anthony Gordon to Newcastle for £45m including add-ons, Everton fans had been hopeful of seeing some investment in the final days of the window. Yet to their dissatisfaction and astonishment, the Everton board were prepared to finish the January window with no new acquisition for new manager Sean Dyche. Dyche left Everton's Finch Farm training ground around 10pm on Tuesday night while sporting director Kevin Thelwell remained inside with the club's in-house media team. However, there were no new signings for the club staff to celebrate and show off on Everton's social media channels by the time the window slammed shut. An approach was reportedly made for Fenerbahce striker Michy Batshuayi but the Belgian did not want to leave Turkey for Merseyside so late in the window. There were also half-hearted links to the likes of Che Adams, Paul Onuachu and Jean-Philippe Mateta but it appears Everton were never close to making progress in their quest to sign a striker on deadline day. Now Dyche and Co could delve into the free agent market where there are still a number of interesting options - including Ayew. Spanish attacking midfielder Isco is also up for grabs after his move to Union Berlin collapsed on deadline day following his release from Sevilla.