Barcelona president Joan Laporta has suggested that the club will look to spend in the summer transfer window in a development that could worry fans of Manchester United and Manchester City. Diogo Dalot, Iklay Gundogan and Bernardo Silva have been among the players to be linked with a move to the club who could now make a big push for their signatures in the next six months. Barcelona have been one of the busier teams in European football in the transfer market over the last 12 months despite intense pressure from financial fair play regulations. The club has racked up over a £1billion of debt and had to activate a number of ‘economic levers’ to raise funds, in practice selling their TV and licensing rights for multiple years into the future. Doing so allowed the club to spend around £140million to recruit the likes of Jules Kounde, Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski over the summer while it also gave them the financial wriggle room to hold onto stars like Frenkie de Jong. The club look set to dip into the transfer market again this summer after Laporta confirmed their plans. “I think we will be able to sign players in the summer,” he explained. “We will try to go with everything that the coach asks of us and what the sporting directors ask of us too. READ MORE: Leeds next manager: Ex-Tottenham boss emerges as new option “The scouting team keep getting information on players who could be interesting to Barcelona in the market, we are always prepared. If we have to reinforce the team we will do it. I think that situation of not being able to sign players won’t happen.” The news will not be music to the ears of United and City supporters with the Blaugrana linked with some of their top stars. Red Devils right-back Dalot is believed to be a target while Xavi has been a long-term admirer of Citizens midfielder Silva and captain Gundogan. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Barcelona are currently short at right-back with central defender Kounde spending most of the season out of position there. However, the club face a battle to secure the signature of Dalot with the Portugal international reportedly in talks with the club over extending his deal. Should talks not progress as both parties would hope the Camp Nou side may sweep into take advantage before the expiry of his contract in 2024. Moves for Gundogan and Silva appear more likely. The German is out of contract at the end of the season and can already discuss terms with clubs from abroad. Silva could also be on the move with City open to his departure according to The Times. It remains to be seen whether or not Barcelona will look to do business with United or City over the summer but it appears they are set to be major players in the transfer market once again.