A journalist located in Istanbul, Turkey has reported that there are still people trapped in the collapsed buildings who have been sending him videos, audio messages, and their current location from under the rubble. Haskologlu stated that despite knowing the survivors' location, there is nothing that can be done, and Turkey desperately needs international support. Turkish journalist Ibrahim Haskologlu told the BBC: "People are still underneath the [collapsed] structures, and they need aid." "They're letting us know where they are," but "we can't do anything," he said. Haskologlu's hometown of Malatya was severely damaged by yesterday's earthquakes. The journalist told BBC intends to return as soon as possible to lend a hand where it is needed.  Taskologlu added that Turkey is in desperate need of all the assistance the world can offer. Search teams and aid poured into Turkey and Syria on Tuesday as rescuers working in freezing temperatures and sometimes using their bare hands dug through the remains of buildings flattened by a powerful earthquake. The death toll soared above 7,200 and was still expected to rise. But with the damage spread over a wide area, the massive relief operation often struggled to reach devastated towns, and voices that had been crying out from the rubble fell silent. "We could hear their voices, they were calling for help," said Ali Silo, whose two relatives could not be saved in the Turkish town of Nurdagi.  In the end, it was left to Silo, a Syrian who arrived a decade ago, and other residents to recover the bodies and those of two other victims. Monday's magnitude 7.8 quake and a cascade of strong aftershocks cut a swath of destruction that stretched hundreds of kilometers (miles) across southeastern Turkey and neighboring Syria. The shaking toppled thousands of buildings and heaped more misery on a region wracked by Syria’s 12-year civil war and refugee crisis. One tremor that followed the first registered at magnitude 7.5, powerful in its own right. DON'T MISS:British soldiers brave blistering cold with -12C [REPORT]Russian mercenary shot in head after waving skull of 'dead Ukrainian' [REPORT]'I'm on Putin hit-list and I'm terrified of Ukraine war anniversary' [REPORT] Unstable piles of metal and concrete made the search efforts perilous, while freezing temperatures made them ever more urgent, as worries grew about how long trapped survivors could last in the cold. Snow swirled around rescuers in Turkey's Malatya province, according to footage circulated by the state-run Anadolu news agency. The scale of the suffering — and the accompanying rescue effort — were staggering. More than 8,000 people have been pulled from the debris in Turkey alone, and some 380,000 have taken refuge in government shelters or hotels, said Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay. Many took to social media to plead for assistance for loved ones believed to be trapped under the rubble. Turkish authorities said the information was being relayed to search teams.