Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are on the guest list for King Charles’s Coronation, as revealed by the Daily Express, but questions remain over whether they will accept the invitation. Here Express.co.uk takes a look at the six reasons why the couple may decide not to make the trip across the pond.  Meghan and Harry’s popularity has taken a beating since they quit as senior members of the Royal Family and the Duke’s memoir has sent their ratings down even further, according to YouGov’s Royal Family opinion tracker. Just two months before they decided to step back, Harry had a net positive rating of 51 percent, this fell to 20 percent immediately after Megxit, -25 after the Oprah interview, and most recently it plummeted to -44. Meghan’s popularity has taken a similar hit. In November 2019 she had a net positivity of 20 percent, which dropped to -11 in January 2020 and now stands at -46. Americans are also getting tired of the couple’s repeated attacks on the Firm, with a recent poll for Newsweek putting Meghan's approval rating at -13 and Harry's at -7 even though Americans have usually been far more supportive of the couple than across the pond.     Tensions remain high between Prince Harry and his family, with reports suggesting he is not currently in contact with either his father or his brother. Though the King is said to be keen on a reconciliation with his youngest son, Prince William is more skeptical and friends of his have claimed he does not want Harry to attend the Coronation. William was the subject of several allegations - including that of physical assault - in Harry’s recent memoir. A source told People magazine: "William is the one who is most upset and needs time to calm down. He has been painted as hotheaded and unsympathetic. But I don't think he will back down — it's whether they can move beyond it and accept that they view things differently." Royal correspondent Valentine Low, author of Courtiers, added that William "will be furious about the betrayals of confidences." Harry may decide not to attend the Coronation to avoid a spat with his brother.  READ MORE: The eight controversial details of King Charles's Coronation   The Sussexes have been the target of public ridicule in recent weeks, most notably in a satirical episode of South Park where the Prince and Princess of Canada attempted to escape the limelight. The episode pokes fun at a copy of the prince’s book titled Waaagh and sees the couple insist they want privacy. Snippets from Harry’s actual book Spare also raised a few eyebrows, with people questioning why he chose to repeatedly bring up his penis - especially the frostbite episode following his trip to the North Pole. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams suggests both of these instances could prompt Harry to stay at home. He told the MailOnline: “A lot of people have been laughing at them. Harry’s revelations about losing his virginity, experiences with drugs and penile frostbite have given rise to much mirth. Viewers of South Park have seen their desire for privacy mercilessly mocked and with reason.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's 'vulnerability' brought to light by South Park [EXPERT]Harry warned royal staffers could seek revenge by speaking to media [DETAILS]Meghan Markle on brink of 'humiliation' over Samantha Markle lawsuit [COMMENT]  Prince Harry has repeatedly asked for armed police protection whenever he and his family are on British soil and has launched legal action against the Home Office for its refusal to grant this. In July 2022, High Court judge Mr Justice Swift ruled in favour of Harry's bid to bring part of his High Court claim against the Home Office. It is believed the case may go before the High Court in early April, but it isn't known whether a ruling could be reached before the Coronation of King Charles III on May 6. He may decide not to go if the matter has not been ruled on by then. Coupled with this, Harry’s decision to write about the number of Taliban he killed when fighting in Afghanistan has heightened his security risk. Mr Fitzwilliams noted this, and said: “Harry’s concerns over security, which will not be helped by his revelations about the number of Taliban insurgents he personally killed, may also be a factor as he has a case pending against the Home Office on this issue.” The Sussexes are unlikely to play a central role in the Coronation, with officials understood to be making sure they do not sit in the front row of the Abbey or make an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony afterwards. King Charles is only expected to invite senior working members of the Royal Family onto the balcony, as the Queen did as part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations last year. This means only immediate heirs, such as the Prince and Princess of Wales and their young children, and working members will be seen in the popular photo op. Harry and Meghan may decided that their lack of involvement in the more prominent side of the Coronation isn’t good enough and therefore decline the invite.     The final hurdle for the Sussexes is their son Archie’s fourth birthday - which falls on the same day as the Coronation. If the pair decide to both attend the Coronation, they will be unable to spend the bulk of the day celebrating with their son. This will prove even harder if the Sussexes decide not to bring their children with them to the UK. It has been reported that Harry could travel to London on his own and Meghan remain in the US to celebrate Archie's birthday with him. Though the couple could do what they did last year for their daughter Lilibet's second birthday, which fell on the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend, and celebrate the day by hosting an informal garden party at their former home, Frogmore Cottage. Fans of the couple accused the Royal Family of deliberately clashing the dates as a dig to the Sussexes and as a result they should snub the Coronation invite.   