Nicola Bulley's grieving friends supporting the mum-of-two's family have issued a moving update as their fundraiser surpassed its goal of £10,000. They have told how the tragic 45-year-old had "impacted so many people". The GoFundMe appeal, which has so far raised nearly £19,000, has increased its goal to £25,000 in hopes of supporting Ms Bulley's partner Paul Ansell and their two young daughters. The online page was set up after police confirmed on Monday the body discovered in the River Wyre on Sunday was in fact that of the missing mum-of-two. In an update, a family friend wrote on the GoFundMe page: "We are so grateful for all of the support the fundraiser has received thus far. "Nikki was the most amazing person and has clearly impacted so many people. We are increasing the goal so that we can help the girls and Paul as much as possible. Thank you all again." The description on the GoFundMe appeal reads: "The friends and family of Nicola Bulley, aka Nikki, have launched this page to support the family through the funeral planning and imagine, this is a situation that no one wishes to find themselves in, and we want to help the family through this awful time. "The hope is that the funds raised will give the family one less worry, and will help Paul and their little girls now and into the future. "The beautiful Nicola Bulley was the most amazing person you could have ever met, a heart made of gold, that shined through in everything she did. Her kindness knew no bounds and her legacy will live on through her beautiful little girls and Paul. "We wish to thank everyone for their wishes and thank you for the donations." Ms Bulley was identified by her dental records, the opening of an inquest into her death at Preston Coroner's Court heard on Wednesday. READ MORE: Energy bills blow to Britain as new green levy set to be introduced  The court was told maxillofacial surgeon Andrew Ian Edwards had examined the 45-year-old's dental records, which had been obtained by police from her dental surgery. Senior coroner Dr James Adeley said the surgeon found restorative work carried out was identical. He added: "I am satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made." Dr Adley said remaining evidence gathered by police and the post-mortem examination required "further evaluation" and a full inquest was likely to be held in June. DON'T MISSHeartbroken Nicola Bulley's family prepare for final send-off [COMMENTS]Investigation launched into welfare check on Nicola Bulley [LATEST]Nicola Bulley's identity revealed by dental records, inquest told [REPORT]  The coroner said: "This will allow time to collate the facts of the case and allow the experts involved to finalise the findings from investigations that still need to be undertaken." The 45-year-old mum was last seen walking her brown spaniel Willow in the close-knit community of St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire on January 27. A huge search was launched, with divers using high-tech equipment in the River Wyre as specialist officers combed the riverbanks and conducted house-to-house searches. On Sunday, police confirmed they had found a body and on Monday said it was that of Ms Bulley.  The mum-of-two's family said in a statement on Monday night: "We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us. "We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. "Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most." 