Rafa Benitez has expressed his interest in becoming the next Leeds United manager, according to reports. The Spaniard only appeared on TV in the UK on Saturday, outlining what he demands from his next job. Benitez has been out of work since being sacked by Everton in January 2022. He has had several offers abroad to get back into management but ideally would like to work in the Premier League again. And talkSPORT claims Benitez is interested in taking over at Leeds. The Whites have been searching for a new manager since the sacking of Jesse Marsch two weeks ago. Benitez was a pundit for Sky Sports' coverage of Newcastle vs Liverpool on Saturday. The 62-year-old explained his criteria for going back into management. READ MORE: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter  He insisted he wants to take over a project and said the Premier League is the best in the world at the moment. Benitez and his family live in England and it appears Leeds would be something that appeals to him. Leeds dropped to 19th on Saturday with defeat at fellow strugglers Everton. Benitez insisted at the weekend he will think carefully about what club is right for him. He said: "I said so many times, it depends. You need a project. I was lucky enough to manage a lot of teams and of course I did that, won some trophies, and I can say now ‘I don’t like this project, I like this one.’ "My problem is that I am fine and happy in England in terms of the Premier League, my family and everything, so sometimes you make decisions that are a risk, but the reality is that the Premier League is the best league now in the world and I want to be around Europe. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has found new undroppable just in time for Barcelona rematchInside Man Utd squad's thoughts on takeover as Glazers look to agree £6bn dealLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight  "I have things [offers] in China or South Korea or in Mexico, things like that, but you need a project with all the experience I have - my stats is quite good on these things - so we can build something. I was talking about projects, but a project now is three weeks, so it’s not three years. "Three weeks and you are under pressure. We need some time and the right project." If he does take over at Leeds, they would become the fifth English club Benitez has managed. His time in England began at Liverpool in 2004, winning the Champions League in his first season in charge. He has since had a spell in interim charge of Chelsea, before taking over at Newcastle in 2016. Benitez's most unsuccessful spell in England was at Everton at the beginning of last season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here