Bargain Hunt airs every weekday on BBC One with one of its experts leading the way in presenting each programme as well as sharing their expertise. Among those knowledgeable hosts is Caroline Hawley who joined the cast in 2013 and has been a vital member of the team ever since. Here's all there is to know about Caroline's life away from the cameras. Bargain Hunt star Caroline Hawley, much like the rest of the cast, prefers to keep her private life out of the spotlight as much as possible. So this is why very little is known about what she gets up to when she isn't filming the daytime series. However, it is known that Caroline used to be married to a man called Phil. Although it isn't clear how long they were together for or when their relationship ended, but they do have two sons together, James and Charles. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore She previously explained how, when she was pregnant with their son Charles, she went into labour while bidding at an auction. Caroline said: "I was heavily pregnant with Charles at one auction, and in fact I went into labour as I was bidding for something or other. "I managed to buy it before I was carted off to the maternity unit." Nowadays, she is married to someone who is used to being in the spotlight. The antiques expert married former footballer John Hawley back in 2008. During his time on the pitch, John played for Arsenal, Scunthorpe United, Hull City and Bradford City. When the 68-year-old stopped playing, he worked as a football coach for Nottingham Forest. But much like his wife, John has always had an interest in antiques after he worked at his dad's antique shop in Beverley in 1966. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [REACTION]Philip Serrell is an original star of Bargain Hunt [CAST]Bargain Hunt expert details value of vintage Pokemon Cards [EXPLAINER] With his football days behind him, John now owns and runs Hawleys Auctioneers, based in east Yorkshire, with Caroline. Their website reads: "From the first auction in 2001 we have tried to maintain an Independent auction house in Yorkshire with the highest possible integrity. "We sustain old fashioned values but keep up to date with the modern-day technological advances that are a vital part of the industry and which enable us to be both local and global at the same time. "John started working in his father’s antique shop in Beverley in 1966. "He had some time off for bad behaviour but returned full time in 1986 and has been dealing and now auctioneering and valuing since then." In the upcoming episode, Caroline and the rest of the Bargain Hunt team venture to Kent. The synopsis for the instalment reads: "Caroline Hawley heads to the Antiques, Vintage and Collectors Fair in Detling, Kent. "Aided by Tim Weeks and Nick Hall, the teams hunt for bargains to sell at auction. "Meanwhile, Caroline steps back in time to visit a Second World War ‘living museum’." Bargain Hunt continues every weekday at 12.15pm on BBC One.