But even behind his three clear points on what the basis of any deal would be on Northern Ireland with the EU, the Prime Minister there was a deeper truth behind his words. That is that Mr Sunak now realises his survival is intrinsically linked to what happens with the protocol talks and that a compromise which does not guarantee Northern Ireland's place in the EU could be curtains for his Premiership. To underline the point a very senior member of the powerful European Research Group (ERG) of Tory Brexiteer MPs came up to me soon after PMQs finished with an enormous smile on his face. He said: "The fact that the Prime Minister made a point about guaranteeing the sovereignty of Northern Ireland in the UK was very important. "We haven't heard this for a long time from the top of the government although we have clearly been repeatedly making the point on it to the Prime Minister and others." The MP added: "I'm feeling very positive for now." While Mr Sunak has been a confident performer in PMQs since the new year, despite the dire polling for his party, there was more than a hint of nervousness today. And for good reason. He went into the session the day after 50 members of the ERG had gathered to give their backing to DUP leader Jeffrey Donaldson while there is talk of a rebellion of more than 100 Tory MPs and ministers including his Home Secretary Suella Braverman resigning. It seems that Mr Sunak, who took control of the talks from his Foreign Secretary James Cleverly a few weeks ago, thought he had a deal but has realised in the most brutal of political fashions that he has not - or at least he only had a deal which would cause mayhem on his own side. Mr Cleverly sat next to the PM today as the two braced themselves for the inevitable onslaught. READ MORE: Sunak outlines final 'three boxes' of Brexit deal to be 'ticked' Another senior member of the ERG also came up to point out that the PM's strategy had been defeated. He said: "The attempt to bounce the ERG, the Cabinet and Parliament into accepting a deal has failed. "Hopefully there will now be some room for serious grown-up thinking with these negotiations." It was obvious from Mr Sunak's response in the House that a matter that looked set to be concluded yesterday will now take much longer. As a Foreign Office source noted to Express.co.uk as things began to unravel at the start of this week "we don't know IF there will be a deal now". Starmer though had his man. He accused the Prime Minister of trying to con the ERG and offered the poisoned chalice of Labour votes to get a deal through. But most important he cornered Mr Sunak into accepting that it would be subject to a vote in the House of Commons. A Labour former minister and respected veteran MP also offered his views post PMQs - and they were not too different in their conclusion from those of the ERG. He said: "He [the Prime Minister] just looks weak. He is a prisoner of the ERG, it's as simple as that. "He obviously cannot get a deal through and all the time he knows that Boris Johnson is waiting in the wings to use this issue to knife him."