There is a "high probability" the suspected Chinese spy balloon mined "nuclear intelligence" data from the US before fighter jets shot it out of the sky, a military analyst has told Express.co.uk. Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, has said the assessment "is based on what we know about China’s intelligence capabilities" and "targeting strategy". The length of time it remained up in the air - seven days - also supports this verdict, she suggests. "My intelligence analysis tells me there’s a high probability that the Chinese government exfiltrated sensitive US data, collected by the high-altitude reconnaissance vehicle that traversed over US sovereign territory, prior to the airship’s destruction by US Air Force," Koffler said. "The duration of the airship’s flight contributed to the basis of this analysis. "The data stolen by Beijing likely includes unclassified as well as classified or sensitive information on US military installations, critical civilian facilities, and other secrets, including nuclear intelligence."   According to the Pentagon, the spy balloon drifted into US airspace north of Alaska's Aleutian Islands on January 28 and loitered over sensitive areas of Montana where nuclear warheads are siloed. READ MORE: Trump would have been impeached if Chinese spy balloon happened on his watch, says son DON'T MISSFirst images of recovered Chinese spy balloon [LATEST]US to exploit Chinese spy balloon downing [REPORT]Daughter charged after mum found in freezer [INSIGHT]  It also issued a threat of “further actions” after the balloon was shot down on February 4 over the Atlantic. In a statement after the craft was downed, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force by the US was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests, and at the same time reserving the right to take further actions in response." The US says it was a Chinese spy balloon without a doubt. Its presence prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high between the countries. A US Air Force fighter jet shot down the balloon on Saturday afternoon six miles off the South Carolina coast. READ MORE: US to exploit China spy balloon downing to expose Beijing tricks: 'Well worth the wait' Television footage showed a small explosion, followed by the balloon slowly drifting toward the water. The remnants have now been recovered off the US coast. Navy sailors hauled what remained of the wreckage into a rescue boat on Sunday - one day after an order for it to be shot down by Joe Biden. FBI officials and the Coast Guard agency had been combing a seven-mile-wide radius in search of the wreckage. Analysis of parts is now underway to ascertain what intelligence the spy balloon may have gathered during its flight. Images appear to show the recovery of the balloon’s envelope and a metal frame. Investigators will hope to reach a conclusion on why the flight was spotted floating close to an airforce base on Wednesday.