Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has demanded more from Kevin De Bruyne and Jack Grealish after the pair helped the reigning Premier League champions overcome title rivals Arsenal on Wednesday. Both midfielders scored in the 3-1 triumph, but that was not enough to satisfy their manager. Ahead of City’s visit to Nottingham Forest, Guardiola has said that there will be more challenges, demanding De Bruyne and Grealish to produce more match-winning moments. With that in mind, Express Sport selects a team Guardiola might choose to face Forest. Goalkeeper: Ederson City goalkeeper Ederson can probably count himself lucky not to be suspended for the visit to Forest. The Brazilian was on a yellow card when he ploughed through Eddie Nketiah to concede the penalty from which Bukayo Saka equalised. Referee Anthony Taylor chose not to dismiss Ederson. He will surely start at the City Ground. JUST IN: Man City boss Guardiola begins Arsenal mind games with Arteta message Defenders: Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Aymeric Laporte Pep Guardiola could continue with his intriguing use of a wing-back-less back three. When in possession, City have three centre-backs and the rest of their team pushed up the pitch. Bernardo Silva has tucked in as a left-back when City are defending, allowing them to have a flat back four. It worked well against Arsenal and could be something Guardiola sticks with in the long-term. Nathan Ake could drop out for Aymeric Laporte. The Spaniard has performed better than Ake when called upon, while Kyle Walker and Ruben Dias could keep their places. Rico Lewis is in with a chance of another start, though. John Stones remains absent through injury. DON'T MISS...Mason Mount's thoughts on chucking away Chelsea legacy to join Man UtdKevin De Bruyne shares his true thoughts on Mikel Arteta after shovePep Guardiola channels Sir Alex Ferguson as Man City beat Arsenal Midfielders: Rodri, Bernardo Silva, Kevin De Bruyne, Ilkay Gundogan In possession, City appear to play with a box-shaped midfield. In their win over Arsenal, Kevin De Bruyne and Ilkay Gundogan moved ahead of Rodri and Silva to support Erling Haaland. It was De Bruyne’s run from midfield that saw him open the scoring at the Emirates Stadium. Guardiola could choose to name the same midfield against Forest. Attackers: Riyad Mahrez, Erling Haaland, Jack Grealish Erling Haaland bagged one of his four hat-tricks in the 6-0 thumping of Forest last August. The Norwegian has 15 games remaining to break Sergio Aguero’s record of 26 goals in a Premier League season for City. Haaland will fancy his chances of adding to his remarkable tally on Saturday. Meanwhile, Jack Grealish will hope to continue his good form but Guardiola demanded more from the England star and team-mate De Bruyne. Asked about the Belgian, Guardiola said: “Really good, it's like Jack, like everyone. I'm so pleased for everything. But I want more. I have a feeling Kevin and Jack can do more and they can do it. “[They] make a fantastic goal but I know the demands we have in front of us, tough competition, and we need the players to have the feeling they can do better.” The pair will hope they can be crucial to City's chances of winning the Premier League, along with Riyad Mahrez who will likely join them in attack on Saturday.