Arsenal will face the biggest test of their Premier League season tonight as they welcome second-placed Manchester City to the Emirates Stadium for a top-of-the-table showdown in north London. The Gunners currently lead Pep Guardiola's side by a margin of six points but will see their advantage halved if they taste defeat this evening, with City looking to claw themselves back into the picture by claiming all three points away from home. Arsenal quickly emerged as the division's runaway leaders earlier in the campaign but are yet to play City after their original fixture was postponed to accommodate for the home side's rescheduled Europa League match against PSV Eindhoven, which was itself pushed back in the wake of Queen Elizabeth II's death back in September.The Gunners were recently beaten by tonight's opponents in the fourth round of the FA Cup, with Nathan Ake's goal proving the difference in a tightly-contested affair at the Etihad Stadium. It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will be able to put things right by making the most of their home advantage this evening, although it will certainly not be easy for Mikel Arteta and his players to get the job done after failing to defeat Brentford on the weekend.Here are all the details you need to know before kick-off... JUST IN: Gary Neville told Dele Alli to 'sort himself out' but it was ignored The match will kick off at 7.30pm, in a slight deviation from the usual midweek start time of 8pm, on Wednesday, September 15. Tonight's game will be shown live on Amazon Prime Video, with coverage set to be presented by Simon Thomas alongside pundits Alan Shearer, Eni Aluko, Gael Clichy and Roberto Martinez.The programme will get underway an hour before kick-off at 6.30pm, while full match commentary will be provided by the familiar pairing of Clive Tyldesley and Ally McCoist.It can be streamed live on the Prime Video website and dedicated app, which can be accessed from your laptop, phone, tablet or smart TV. Arsenal have no fresh injury concerns ahead of tonight's fixture, with long-term absentees Gabriel Jesus, Mohamed Elneny, Emile Smith Rowe and Reiss Nelson expected to be the only players unavailable for the Gunners.Manchester City, meanwhile, will be sweating over the fitness of star striker Erling Haaland after he was forced off during Sunday's win over Aston Villa. The Norwegian marksman was pictured with the rest of his team-mates earlier this week, though, which suggests that he will likely feature in some capacity.John Stones could be another potential injury doubt for the visitors due to a thigh problem which has kept him out of his side's last two Premier League matches. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.