Amy (played by Elle Mulvany) recently moved out of her parent's home to live in a small flat with Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby), Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) and Aaron Sandford (James Craven). However, official Coronation Street spoilers reveal that she accidentally gets an unwanted guest in the flat and can't seem to shake him out, leaving her desperate for a solution. In upcoming scenes, Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) confirms that Brian Packhams’s (Peter Gunn) flat needs rewiring and he’ll have to move out. Mary Taylor (Patti Clare) takes the opportunity and offers for him to sleep on the sofa at her place. As she helps Brian pack his things, she comes across the Gazette review of Roxanna and realises that Brian wrote the review himself. Feeling cheated, Mary whacks him round the head with the Gazette and tells him to find somewhere else to stay. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Brian moves into Amy's flat and does his best to bond with her uni mates and offers to do his Vernon Kay impression. Amy tells Summer that Brian is driving her up the wall and needs to find an alternative solution immediately. She decided that she is going to try her best to convince Mary of how Brian deeply regrets upsetting her. Missing the friendship and their close bond, Mary joins Brian in the café and wonders if they can be friends again. Brian tells Amy that he and Mary have made up and he’s invited her around for tea, rather than moving back in with her. Amy’s annoyed to realise her plan to get rid of him has well and truly backfired. How is Amy going to be able to get Brian out of her flat without hurting his feelings? Amy could use Mary and Brian's closeness to get him to move out and further their relationship along. DON'T MISS...ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show [LATEST]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [INSIGHT]John Cleese's plans for Fawlty Towers reboot slammed by BBC hosts [WATCH] Over the years, many fans have been begging for the pair to become a couple after sensing their instant connection. Mary and Brian have moved in the same circles, but never dated, however, earlier this year Brian split with his girlfriend Cathy Matthews (Melanie Hill) and she left the cobbles. Recently Brian and Mary have been brought closer together by the Weatherfield amateur dramatics club, in which they are both involved. After seeing Mary’s anxiety over her performance, Brian wrote a review in the Gazette, specifically praising Mary. This led fans into a frenzy, with Katie Gupwell writing on Twitter: "Omg Brian and Cathy NEED to be together #corrie." @amz07 commented: "Aww Mary and Brian could be the #corrie relationship we never knew we wanted!" Brenda Blowave said: "I love Brian and Mary. Don't ever write them out #corrie." @VampLover27 added: "Brian's crushing on mary awww!" (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.