Key figures at Manchester United are envious of Tottenham and the money they make from their stadium, according to reports. The Glazers are open to selling the club after 18 years of controversial rule. And Qatar are frontrunners at the current moment in time as uncertainty shrouds over the club. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling United, even if some members of the family would prefer minority investment instead. And Qatar, rather than Sir Jim Ratcliffe, are currently leading the race to buy the Red Devils. One thing any new owner of United will have to deal with, however, is the renovation of Old Trafford. The famous stadium has started to show signs of wear and tear in recent years, perhaps symbolising the club’s fall from grace on the pitch. And the Independent say key figures at the club are ‘jealous of Tottenham’ and the revenue they make at their stadium. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Tottenham announced back in 2008 they would be moving to a new ground, away from their old stadium White Hart Lane. They had to spend a brief period playing at Wembley but, in the end, moved into their new home back in 2019. This is said to be the ‘type of project the Glazers will not currently commit to’ - which is why the made the announcement they did. Industry insiders think that, ultimately, the Americans have ‘little choice but to sell’ should there be no minority investment. Interested parties must confirm their intentions by Friday, which is a ‘soft deadline’ that has already been decided. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Suitors will have to write a paragraph explaining whether they’re eyeing a full takeover, or just a minority stake. As well as Qatar, who are confident of blowing other bids out of the water, Ratcliffe is a candidate to come to United’s rescue. The British billionaire previously failed to buy Chelsea, with Todd Boehly purchasing the Blues instead last year. Ratcliffe currently owns Ligue 1 giants Nice, though they remain a long way adrift of Qatari-owned Paris Saint-Germain. And United have also been linked with parties from the United States and Far East, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding Ratcliffe, former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie recently opened up on the 70-year-old. And he expressed a belief the INEOS chairman would be the perfect man for Erik ten Hag to work under, at a time where the Dutchman is improving the squad. “I think Erik ten Hag is there for the long haul,” he said. “He has got a bit of Fergie in him. He is not scared to drop people, he is not scared to say what he thinks and that can only be good for the club. “All you want to chairman to do is support the manager. Run the club but support the manager. “I think that could be a match made in heaving Jim Ratcliffe and Erik ten Hag.“ McAvennie previously slammed the Glazers, too, insisting everybody wants to see the back of the family. “I do not think there is anyone who does not want that family out,” he said. “From the supporters right through to the players I do not think there is anyone. They have made shambles after shambles after shambles, mistake after mistake after mistake. “It is smoke and mirrors, they have not done anything. “I think Ratcliffe is no fool, he will not pay over the top for it. I think he is a Man United supporter, what a result that is. “He has got more money than sense but if you are going to buy a club Man United is certainly the club to buy.”