Andy Murray has been hailed by Qatar Open nemesis Daniil Medvedev after being beaten in the final by the Russian. Medvedev saw off Murray in straight sets but praised the veteran Brit for his outstanding durability. Murray trailed 5-4 in the final set of his semi-final clash with Jiri Lehecka. But the 35-year-old remarkably survived five match points and staged an incredible comeback to overcome the 21-year-old, setting up an exciting showdown with former world No 1 Medvedev. Murray was beaten 6-4 6-4 by the world No 8, but his opponent made sure his first words after lifting the trophy were praise for the two-time Wimbledon champion. Medvedev said he ‘appreciated’ playing against Murray and hailed his ability to come from behind against Lehecka. “First of all I’d like to say how much I appreciated today, playing against Andy,” the 27-year-old said. READ MORE: Murray rages on bench as Medvedev takes control of Qatar Open final “Yesterday, I was in the gym warming up. I started doing my last exercises when it was 5-4, 40-0. Twenty minutes later you were in the tiebreak.” Murray reciprocated the classy gesture by complimenting Medvedev. He said: “Daniil is one of my favourite players to watch and one of the best players on the tour.” Commenting on his performances in Qatar, Murray added: “It was an incredible week. It didn’t finish how I wanted. “I had some amazing matches, created some great memories. It was fantastic to be back in the final. It’s great for me to get that opportunity to play somebody (Medvedev) on that level, some things to work on. I’m proud of my week.” DON'T MISS...Novak Djokovic on Andy Murray collision courseMurray ecstatic with 'most amazing turnaround' after making Doha finalIncredible Andy Murray saves five match points to reach Doha final Murray claimed his turnaround against Lehecka was one of the best of his career. The three-time Grand Slam champion has previously won two Qatar Opens but was unable to topple an in-form Medvedev. He said after beating Lehecka: “I don’t know, that was one of the most amazing turnarounds I’ve had in my career. I knew it was his first time serving for a final so I had to keep the pressure on because I know how difficult it can be to serve matches like that out, but I have no idea how I managed to turn that one around.” Two hip surgeries have limited Murray’s powers in recent years. The Scot hopes he can play at the French Open in May. “My plan just now is to play in Rome, Madrid and hopefully the French Open, providing my body is good," Murray said in Doha. “I’ll do a training block after Miami on the clay, I’m going to do that in Europe somewhere for three or four weeks. I’ll train, try and get my body used to the clay courts and monitor how my body is feeling.”