Carlos Alcaraz is making his long-awaited injury comeback in Argentina this week, more than 100 days after he played his last match at the Paris Masters. The 19-year-old made history last year as the youngest-ever ATP world No 1 after winning the US Open but has since played just three more tournaments after getting injured. Alcaraz has now lost his No 1 ranking but his coach Juan Carlos Ferrero explained why he wasn’t focused on getting it back. Alcaraz is the top seed at this week’s Argentina Open, his first tournament in more than three months. The world No 2 was last seen on a match court 101 days ago, when he retired injured to Holger Rune in his Paris Masters quarter-final and was then forced to pull out of the ATP Finals and Davis Cup. A new injury in pre-season training delayed Alcaraz’s comeback further as he had to skip the Australian Open and he is finally back in action in Buenos Aires this week. The 19-year-old has since been overtaken by Djokovic as the world No 1 but his coach revealed that their main goal was ensuring that the Spaniard stayed healthy instead of focusing on the numbers. “The objective of being No 1 is always in the head but, naturally, it is not an obsession, because of his youth and because he has already been,” Juan Carlos Ferrero - a former world No 1 himself - told Eurosport ahead of his charge’s return to the tour. “Right now, what Carlos wants is to be healthy and be able to compete , he wants to offer his best level and fight to win tournaments.” JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal accused of 'kidding' rivals with injured Slam wins   The 2003 French Open champion also said Alcaraz was back to his usual self after back-to-back injuries as he offered a fitness update ahead of the world No 2’s first match. He added: “The recovery has continued its course and in recent weeks he has been training without problems, normally, playing sets and matches against different players, so everything is normal.” Alcaraz’s coach also explained why he thought the 19-year-old’s two injury setbacks weren’t just bad luck and likely came from the amount of tennis he ended up playing in 2022. “It's not bad luck, nor is it for having forced the machine, I think they are occupational hazards and, above all, many games accumulated, in addition to the tension of wanting to win games and play. That is where the injury occurs,” Ferrero said. DON'T MISSWu sets ranking record after becoming first Chinese pro to win a titleInside Serena Williams' life including newly-found religionDjokovic in Indian Wells 'situation' after request to US government  The US Open winner is expected to play his first match in the night session on February 15 after receiving a bye to the second round as the top seed, where he will face either Fabio Fognini or Laslo Djere. He is then scheduled to play the ATP 500s in Rio and Acapulco before the ‘sunshine double’ of Masters in Indian Wells and Miami, and Ferrero explained how they would be assessing Alcaraz’s schedule throughout. “We are really looking forward to competing and we know that the calendar is loaded with many tournaments on this tour , but we are going to go week by week, later we will assess each step,” Ferrero - who will not travel to join Alcaraz until the Acapulco Open - added. “Now we want to play as much as possible, without being more worried than normal, although there are always worries in the tennis player's head . Maybe some more after an injury, but not more than normal.” 