Ben Shephard, 48, recounted his early days on TV as he revealed he was once willing to come back home early from his honeymoon if he got a job he had been screen-testing for. The ITV star looked back on his wife Annie’s reaction to him admitting he would have had to cut their holiday short as he spoke to Gaby Roslin on her podcast. He explained: “If I’d got the job, we would’ve had to come home early from our honeymoon. “I hadn’t told Annie because I kind of got to the point where it’d gone beyond - like, she knew I was screen-testing for the job and it would have been a very fantastic, exciting opportunity. “But it got beyond the point where I could say, ‘Oh, by the way, if this comes in…’” Luckily for Annie, Ben soon got a call confirming he did not get the job and the happy couple were able to enjoy their honeymoon in full. The TV star added: “And we went ahead and were able to have a lovely honeymoon. “But it was only at that point I was able to tell Annie.” Recounting Annie’s reaction to his admission, Ben said: “She was like, ‘I can’t believe you didn’t tell me.’” Ben and his wife tied the knot in 2004 and will celebrate their 19th wedding anniversary this year. Ben and Annie are said to have dated for nine years before they got engaged. In 2004 Ben spoke of when he popped the question in a post on social media: "It had only taken me nine years to ask her (you can't rush these things!). "I'm still not sure quite how I managed to persuade her to put up with me, but I'm very glad that I did, and she still hasn't worked out that there are far better options out there." During their marriage, Ben and Annie have had two sons together: Jack, 14, and Sam, 13. DON'T MISS...Sharon Stone breaks down in tears over brother's tragic death [LATEST]Harry Styles addresses 'privilege' and dedicates award to female stars [BRIT AWARDS]Charli XCX bares all in very risqué see-through dress at Brit Awards [PICTURES] Back in 2019, Ben showed his dedication to his family after he announced he would be leaving Goals on Sunday, a show he had presented on for over nine years. At the time Ben told the Mirror he chose to leave the show to spend more time with his family. He told the publication: "My boys are at an age when they need me around, perhaps even more now than when they were younger. "I was on GMTV every weekday while they were growing up. It meant I could go to their after-school matches, but I would have to be in bed by 7pm. "It got to the point when it was they who tucked me up and read me a story, not the other way round." Ben added: "Now they're teenagers, Sam is taller than me, and Jack is not far behind, which I'm trying to come to terms with. "They're consumed by schoolwork all week, the weekend is the only time I can spend with them.”