Tammy and Amy Slaton's TLC show 1000lb Sisters kicked off three years ago when the siblings both started their weight loss journeys. While Amy was keen to have children, Tammy was bedridden but wanted to make a change and so the reality series sees how they try and get their lives back on track. It hasn't always been easy for either of them but fans were delighted when they heard Tammy's amazing news. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from 1000lb Sisters.Tammy Willingham, formerly Slaton, was informed by doctors that she needed to get down to 550lbs in order to be considered for weight loss surgery. As fans know all too well, she has struggled with her weight for years and was checked into a food rehabilitation centre to help her. When she first started there, she was at her heaviest at 717lbs but on the show, she talked about what frightened her. Tammy admitted: "I hate getting on a scale. My worst fear is gaining weight. "I don’t want to disappoint my family or myself.” READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley on working with Doc Martin star But it has been a triumphant time for Tammy as when she did get back on the scales after months at the rehab centre, the doctor revealed she weighed 534lbs, 16 pounds under her goal. The 36-year-old was told the incredible news alongside her sisters Amy and Misty. Amy said: “Are you serious? For real? Tammy, you see that?!” as Misty stated she was "so stoked" for her sister. Tammy herself couldn't believe it, admitting she felt "proud" of what she had achieved. She said: "When I got on the scale and saw it was at 534.7, I kinda stopped breathing for a second. From over 700, that’s a huge drop. “I did that! I’m feeling thrilled, proud, excited — just all the emotions. "I proved everybody wrong. Everybody that doubted me, I finally got mine! My told-you-so moment!" The reality of how much weight Tammy had gained struck a chord last year when she was rushed to hospital. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife's Nurse Crane star Linda Bassett's marriage explored  [CAST]Squid Game reality show faces health and safety review [EXPLAINER]1000lb Sisters fans rip Amy over son Gage’s ‘filthy feet’ [REACTION The TLC reality star was struggling to breathe, with Amy telling the cameras how "her body shut down". She was given a tracheotomy, creating a hole in her throat to insert a breathing tube which Tammy used for months. This was removed when she started rehab and instead uses an oxygen cannula. She had the surgery a few months ago but Tammy remains at the rehab centre with her husband Caleb Willingham. An insider told The Sun that doctors originally wanted to monitor her progress while staying there. She can now leave but it has been reported that her family wants Tammy to remain there. It is unclear when Tammy and Caleb will return to their home in Kentucky following the life-changing procedure. 1000lb Sisters is available to watch on TLC.