A woman has tamed her three-decade-long fear of beach holidays after swimming with a shark in Tenerife. Ex-teacher Christine Edwards, from Wythall, Worcestershire developed a life-long fear after watching Steven Spielberg’s film Jaws. The 1975 American thriller was met with a resounding success for being the first major motion picture to be shot on the ocean. It shows a young woman, treading water when an unseen force attacks her and pulls her under the water.  A police investigation later finds she was the victim of a shark attack after part of her remains were found on the shore. The scene traumatised Ms Edwards who refused to enter the water for the next 30 years. But the 60-year-old overcame her fear, she told Birmingham Live, when she looked a shark in the eye for the first time. The ex-teacher has now swum in the wild with thousands of sharks, including a giant Bull Shark and even a Hammerhead. The former Bournville resident is now on a journey to help kids overcome their own fears of sharks with a book titled 'Sharks Are Scary Aren't They?'. Christine said: "In 1975, I went to see Jaws as a 12-year-old and was left terrified of sharks and going in the sea. "If we went to a beach, I was too afraid to go in the water. I just believed sharks could be out there."  She continued: "I was like that for over 30 years and then when I was 44 I was convinced to try a scuba dive. "I was in Zanzibar with friends and I realised I had to fight the fear. It was something I had to do." She agreed to jump in the pool after "working herself up to it" for the entire day. And she later found herself in the sea and fell in love with the experience. She explained: "As soon as I went under the water I couldn't believe the world underneath. Although I was trembling I knew I didn't want to miss out on this. Even for my first 100 dives, my heart would be racing. My mouth went dry and I'd feel sick with fear." READ MORE: Model shows how he goes from shark teeth to a gleaming white £5k smile  Christine's worst nightmare happened later while doing her first training dive in 2006 when she faced her first shark in Tenerife. The encounter with Angel Shark sparked a romantic relationship with the giant fish. Christine began scuba diving as a result, and she has now swum alongside thousands of sharks in the wild. The Worcestershire woman added: "My instructor pointed below us and there was a little mound of sand on the sea bed that ended up being a 2.5 metre Angel Shark. It looked me right in the eye and swam towards me." The 60-year-old woman has now completed 100 dives, with amazing encounters including coming across a pack of 200 Great Reef Sharks that she said were swimming in a "Red Arrows fashion". She is now helping children to stop fearing sharks with her book. 'Sharks Are Scary Aren't They?' tells the story of 12-year-old Charlie Parker, who fears sharks but overcomes it after meeting a retired dentist and avid scuba diver on vacation. DON'T MISS:Young couple survive three days adrift on paddleboard [REPORT]'I tracked down vanished MP John Stonehouse' [REPORT]DEAL OF THE DAY: Shark hoovers are now £300 cheaper than Dyson [REPORT] Her book has been well received with some readers describing it as "uplifting", and "moving" while others saying it "should be read by all ages". Christine hopes to visit schools in Birmingham and Worcestershire with the book in the coming months. READ NEXT:Massive 10-foot alligator spotted swimming towards beach Boots slammed for cancelling and losing Christmas ordersHorror footage shows man beating shark with a hammer on beach'Aggressive' shark likely killed missing woman after husband's reportSnorkellers fight off shark but woman feared missing after ambush