Manchester United salvaged a point against Leeds United after coming from two goals down to draw 2-2 at Old Trafford, but Erik ten Hag would have walked off the pitch knowing his side could have performed much better. The Red Devils only had an outside chance of challenging Arsenal and Manchester City for the Premier League title, but their below-par display has all but ended those slim hopes. The hosts fell behind early on after Italian forward Wilfried Gnonto struck after just 55 seconds with a powerful low effort into the corner. And it soon got worse for Ten Hag's men when Raphael Varane diverted Crysencio Summerville's cross into his own net. The Dutch coach reacted with two key substitutions before the hour mark, bringing on Jadon Sancho and Facundo Pellistri. Both players would make their mark in due time, with Pellistri contributing by passing to Diogo Dalot and his cross found Marcus Rashford to head home. Then Sancho curled home under Ilan Meslier to equalise for United and put the home side on the front foot. Ten Hag's men fell short in finding the winner and there were some players who were levels below what is expected of them. Express Sport looks at the underperforming trio who the 53-year-old may have regretted starting. Erik ten Hag relies upon Martinez as his best defender, but even the Dutchman will be wondering how made it through to the half-time interval without a yellow card to his name. The Argentinian is usually such a composed operator in his own defensive third but he flew into a challenge on Wilfried Gnonto inside the penalty area and was fortunate not to concede a penalty. That was not an isolated rush of blood, though. He caught Patrick Bamford with a high, studs-up challenge before scraping his studs down the back of the Leeds striker's head, which could have easily warranted a red card. And if that wasn't enough, Martinez brought down Crysencio Summerville on the edge of the box, but VAR could not intervene as the incident was outside the box. Some fans may praise his work as some form of dark arts, but Martinez had luck on his side to avoid an early bath - and United cannot afford to lose him and Casemiro to suspension because of their own petulance. It is frustrating for a striker when they do not get the service they require to make an impact, but Weghorst had little to complain about in his ineffectual display. When he did get the ball, Weghorst was disappointing in possession and struggled against a physical Leeds backline. The on-loan target man was brought in by Ten Hag to give United a focal point. Instead, he was kept quiet by Robin Koch and Max Wober and deservedly taken off just shy of the hour mark. The 30-year-old has fought hard to earn this opportunity at Old Trafford and as it stands, he is preferred to Anthony Martial to lead the frontline. But with only one goal to show for his efforts so far, it will become harder for the Dutchman to justify his place if he cannot make any contribution to the team. Much has been said about the 18-year-old's meteoric rise and there was certainly some justification in starting Garnacho instead of Anthony Elanga or Jadon Sancho. But the winger was wasteful on a night when he couldn't afford to be. Once he was put through on goal one-on-one with Ilan Meslier, United were begging for the youngster to put his chance away. He showed his skill to deceive Koch with a dummy, but by that time, Wober had got back to the line to clear the starlet's goalbound effort. In addition to his appalling dive that angered the away fans, Garnacho then would have tested his manager's patience by giving the ball away for Leeds' second goal. He is still young and these mistakes will be ironed out with more experience, but Garnacho showed there is still a lot for him to learn before he can think about being a United starter.