Dunelm shoppers are raving about a £15 heater that costs them just pennies to run. UK households have been trying to find cheap alternatives to heat their home with the cost of gas and electricity soaring. It means some people have been finding quick and cheap fixes from retailers - and Dunelm customers have been praised a plug-in heater that has proved to be very cheap to run. Posting on a popular money-saving Facebook group, Mary Hamilton Wills posted the digital PTC plug-in heater which she called "worth every penny". The product has hundreds of positive reviews on the Dunelm website, reports Birmingham Live, and people in the money-saving group called it "great" with some saying it made a massive difference. Dunelm also says it costs just 17p an hour to run and B&M is also selling a similar product for just £15. Janet Brade said: "Absolutely fabulous these are and they really do keep you warm. B&M £14.99 bought last winter and best ever £14.99 I've spent" And Tracie Mae added: "I got mine from Lidl before Xmas for £14.99 and mine is 21p an hour to run but it’s brilliant." Dunelm reviewers have also been raving about the plug-in heater calling it "absolutely perfect". Betty gave it five stars and said: "I was surprised at how much heat this little heater gives out. Its instant heat which comes from a very compact, lightweight device. At around 17p an hour to run, it's an economical alternative to many other heaters.  "Absolutely perfect when you're sat in one place ie plugged in near your desk when working at home or crafting etc. It's comparable in appearance and size to other heaters being sold for more than twice the price." While Madge also gave it five stars and said: "This is a wonderful plug! I have it in a small room which helps. I have it at 30 which is the maximum as far as I can tell. I run it normally for about 3 hours which does not cost a lot and my laundry is more or less dry. "The ones that are perfectly dry I take away the rest I leave for a while with no heat on and it dries naturally quite quickly. I am pleased with my plug." 