Jesse Marsch has reportedly agreed to become Southampton's new manager just nine days after he was sacked by Leeds United. After reaching a verbal agreement, the Saints are set to appoint Marsch as Nathan Jones' successor. Southampton dismissed Jones after just 95 days in charge last week, losing seven of his eight Premier League games. The Welshman left St. Mary's with the club rock-bottom, and they desperately need a successful appointment to rescue them from a Championship return. Marsch is understood to be the candidate they have landed on less than two weeks after he left Elland Road. According to talkSPORT, the American coach has verbally accepted the idea of replacing Jones in the dugout on the south coast. Transfer expert Alex Crook said: "I think he seems like a very positive character. That football club is in need of some positivity. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Potter reacts to Mudryk 'liking' post blasting Cucurella  "They see him as a leader. Again, it is quite a young dressing room, so I think that's a big tick in his box as well. "And he has that previous experience. He did fight a successful relegation battle with Leeds only last season. "He's willing to accept a short-term contract; that shows how much he wants the job. "And most crucially of all, they see a similarity, Southampton, to Jesse Marsch and Ralph Hasenhuttl. "They both graduated from Red Bull and their unique playing style, and it would give Southampton the opportunity with the squad that they moulded to go back a bit more to the way that Ralph Hasenhuttl played." DON'T MISS Van der Vaart tells Tottenham that Ziyech would 'solve' their problemsArsenal boss Mikel Arteta rips into PGMOL apology after VAR farceMan Utd in battle with Chelsea for new Caicedo as '£15m bid rejected' It potentially sets up an eye-catching clash between Southampton and Leeds next weekend, already made interesting by both clubs' positions deep in the transfer battle. Marsch would take the Saints to West Yorkshire, potentially in his first game in charge if the club don't appoint him before Saturday's trip to Chelsea. The former Leeds boss will have a chance to progress into the FA Cup quarter-finals the following midweek, with League Two Grimsby Town visiting St. Mary's. But his primary task will be keeping Southampton in the top flight, arguably an even bigger one than his narrow escape with Leeds last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here