Against a backdrop of higher wholesale costs, petrol prices across the UK have taken a curious turn – up as much as 1.5p in the cheapest part of the country and down 1.5p in the dearest, the latest AA Fuel Price Report notes. Meanwhile, a year on from the start of the war in Ukraine, petrol prices have come full circle - via a 42p-a-litre leap to a record that was previously unimaginable. However, the “white van man” is now paying £12.16 more to fill his tank with diesel compared to a year ago, and would be forking out a further £4.80 were it not for the fuel duty cut. On Tuesday, pump prices across the UK averaged 148.19p a litre, with diesel at 168.25p. A year ago, as Russia began its invasion of Ukraine, they averaged 149.67p and 153.05p a litre, respectively. In between, petrol shot up to a record of 191.53p on July 3 and diesel hit an all-time high of 199.07p on July 1. READ MORE: Calls for major 'essential' changes to help electric car owners Were it not for the 5p cut in fuel duty, petrol today would be 4.5p more expensive (154.19p) than on February 24 and diesel would cost nearly 21p extra (174.25p). The fuel duty cut was introduced on March 23, 2022, with many people looking at Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to see what he decides to do with his upcoming Spring Statement. As it stands over the past month, there has been a half-penny fall in average UK petrol pump prices, from 148.73p in mid-January. In between, higher wholesale costs which remain around 11p higher than the December low (49.2p a litre versus 60.3p) pushed petrol at the pump up to 149.17p on February 4. DON'T MISSCar theft is 'rising very steeply' with worst yet to come [WARNING]Electric car charging network to receive £56million boost [IMPORTANT]Škoda offering £1,000 free fuel voucher to UK drivers [INSIGHT] From there, they fell back to the current level – the lowest since February 14 last year. Areas of the UK where people could previously buy cheaper fuel have seen slight rises in price, while the south of England, which is historically more expensive, has seen a drop. Luke Bosdet, AA’s fuel spokesperson, explained that drivers in London and the south can feel better that petrol prices have bucked the recent trend of rising wholesale costs. But, this has only happened because so much of the 20p-a-litre autumn cost crash wasn’t passed on to them over Christmas and into the new year. READ MORE: Fuel 'gamblers' risk fines and penalty points if they run out He continued, saying: “Now the retailers are levelling with them – to some extent. “Motorists in Northern Ireland, Wales and northern parts (of England) may have seen petrol rise a bit in the past month but that’s reflecting more the move in wholesale costs. “However, they are still paying significantly less for their fuel than in the South.” He pointed to a number of possible reasons, including fury from drivers and politicians at pump prices and their disparities across the UK. The Competitions and Markets Authority (CMA) were also “breathing down the neck” of retailers, forcing them to lower their prices to attract customers. Last month, the AA Fuel Price Report highlighted an up to 13p-a-litre difference between the supermarket price of petrol in Rochdale compared to 11 miles down the road in Ashton under Lyne. Now, despite supermarket petrol being 1p a litre cheaper in Ashton under Lyne and 2p a litre cheaper in Rochdale compared to a month ago, the superstore price gap between the two towns is still up to 13p a litre, depending on the supermarket brand. Mr Bosdet concluded, saying: “However, it is hard to tell if the superstores have U-turned on pump prices and are making their forecourts more competitive again. The continued experience of Rochdale customers and other towns paying way more for their supermarket fuel than down the road suggests not, and that needs to be sorted out by the CMA.”