Right from the off, Putin himself sent a heavy column towards the capital Kyiv – a clear indication that he was of the same opinion. There was also a widespread expectation that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky would either flee to set up an impotent government-in-exile or would be carried out in a coffin.  The Russian tanks never got to Kyiv, Zelensky stayed to rally his people – who have fought like tigers throughout – and Putin’s “special military operation” turned into a disaster. In the early days of the conflict, we also learned how Britain, under the direction of Boris Johnson, had funnelled vital weaponry to Ukraine and been training its troops before the invasion had even begun. So no wonder that in a new opinion poll of the Ukrainian people about which countries have done the most to help their cause, Britain comes top, ahead even of the United States. Given an understandable sense of weariness about the war, with its severe knock-on impact upon our living standards, it is important to reflect that we are in a far better position a year down the line than was anticipated at the outset. The bully has been given a bloody nose. Russian forces have been beaten back to southern and eastern parts of Ukraine and suffered huge losses. Western solidarity with Ukraine has also turned out to be much more powerful and steadfast than the Kremlin was anticipating.  t may have taken the EU and its dominant powers of Germany and France a while to crank up their response, but they now have their shoulders to the wheel as well. In another unwelcome twist for Russia, Finland and Sweden have applied to join Nato and there are signs that a veto on that from Turkey will be overcome. Putin’s response is to engage in another round of double or quits. Given that defeat would mean the end of his presence on this mortal coil, that is unsurprising. So Russia has put a new conscript army into the field to plug the gaps in the ranks left by its vanquished A-team and is ready to launch a spring offensive. Naturally, there are voices in the West calling for a “peace” deal to be struck. We are a pluralistic democracy which permits different opinions to be aired. But, really, the peaceniks’ case is laughably weak.  The course they recommend is in effect to bail Putin out and allow him to claim victory by annexing further Ukrainian territory and keeping Crimea. Is such a deal attainable? Almost certainly, yes. But were it to be struck the overwhelming likelihood is that Russia would be back for a more few years down the line, having successfully taken bites out of its neighbour in 2014 and 2022. Other dictatorships across the world would also be emboldened by such a defeat for the rules-based international order – from two-bit despots in Africa to the heavyweight horrors in Beijing who cast such avaricious eyes on Taiwan. Yet there are signs that even the Chinese regime recognises the need to curtail its imperialist ambitions in the wake of Russia’s new pariah status in the eyes of most of the world. China has launched a diplomatic mission aimed at projecting itself as peacemaker, stirring up anti-American feeling and giving Putin an escape route. But crucially it has also resisted requests from Moscow for military aid and shows little sign of relenting.   Perhaps it will even prove useful to bringing about the end of the war by starving its neighbour of economic assistance too, once it is sure which way the wind is blowing. So long as the brave people of Ukraine are willing to fight for their freedom then continuing to give them all the assistance we can, short of direct military intervention ourselves, is the right course not only morally but for our own self-interest too. The conflict may sway to and fro for quite a while yet, but we have already seen enough to know that a people with a ferocious desire for national self-determination will prevail over an invading force increasingly manned by press-ganged youths and reluctant middle-aged fathers. Before an exhausted Soviet army withdrew from Afghanistan in 1989, the local tribal resistance had a favourite saying: “You have the watches, but we have the time.” The Ukrainian resistance will endure for as long as it takes. So long as the West holds its nerve there will be no iron curtain coming down this time round. 