Self-deprecation is at the heart of our national character: if a Brit is awarded the Nobel prize for anything, he or she is expected to shrug modestly and, at the very, very most, say, "Just lucky, old man". Discovered the cure for cancer? "It was just one of those things." Made mega-millions from selling your company? "Well, at least I can replace these shoddy old shoes.  I was brought up in the States and it is the American way to boast because they don't see it as boasting. Everything is big in the US: the size of the country, the buildings, the aspirations of the people: they think and live expansively in a way we just don't. It is said that the difference between Britain and the States is that over here if someone comes from a very poor background, they often attempt to conceal it, whereas in the States, when you become the President, the first thing you do is take the media back to the log cabin you were brought up in. (Unless you're a Kennedy, of course. Or a Bush.) When Americans tell you how brilliant they are, they don't think they're bragging - rather, just telling you the truth. But in Britain? Come on. For a start, mentioning your achievements is seen as unspeakably vulgar. It's just not done. And anyway, the British personality just doesn't go with boasting. We are a people who live in the land of drizzle and our character is shaped by it. Not for us the fiery nature of the Latin people. We're the types who make do and mend.   And, anyway, it's done us really quite a lot of good. There's a lot of talk about the evils of Empire at the moment, but like it or not, it shaped the world. English is the global language (much to the chagrin of the French), something like one-third of the world's legal systems are based on the English model and we did an awful lot of good, such as putting a stop to the abhorrent practice of suttee and we didn't do that by shouting about how wonderful we are. Far better to lead by example not by brags. And, national characters should be celebrated, not turned into something they are not. There's a wonderfully entertaining High Court case going on as we speak involving the Bond girl Eva Green, in which she said that texts she sent to film producers were not being rude - but simply a result of being French. It is certainly the case that the French have a capacity for the most staggering rudeness (I was scarred for life by an episode in a shop in Paris decades ago), but they are also the nation of the Gallic shrug, the "Boff" and the most enormous charm - when they can be bothered. They can also be a little bit boastful, however. Like the Americans, who can also be rather rude. Could the two possibly be linked?  How typical of the BBC to commission a report into whether or not it is biased (yes) and concentrate on arcane economic terms, rather than the culture as a whole. That's where the real problem lies. If you doubt me, listen to what passes for comedy at the Beeb these days. Or the Today programme. Only science and serious drama escape the encroaching Left-wingery and sometimes not even then. Motor industry experts have said the Government should be handing out incentives to middle-class drivers to get them to buy an electric car: well, of course they should. All agreeable middle-class aspirations should be catered to. What about Government help when it comes to Duchy Organic biscuits, Boden's range of children's clothing and the odd crate of pink champagne, too? It's the little things that cause the biggest downfalls: they got Al Capone, above, for tax evasion, not murder, remember. Wouldn't it be poetic justice if Nicola Sturgeon was toppled not for trying to destroy the Union, but for her blinkered and women-hating stance on trans rights? When my family moved to the United States in the 1960s, they were absolutely appalled to find that segregation was still very much in place. My mother went on civil rights marches in protest; I was bussed to a black kindergarten as part of an effort to get blacks and whites to mix. Goodness only knows what they would make of news that two Canadian theatres are holding black only nights. What is that if not segregation? This is progress? Heaven help us all. Two news stories caught the eye within the space of an hour: we’re totally unprepared for another pandemic and within two years we could be at war with China. I’m going back under the duvet. See you on the other side. There has been shock after an alleged knife fight 'over a watch' in the Louis Vuitton section of Harrods. Listen, while I'm not making light of it, should anyone really be surprised? I once saw two women shoving each other during the Harvey Nichols sale when they both spotted the same handbag. It's a jungle out there. High end shopping makes for low end minds. Shocking news: it has been claimed that haggis is actually an English dish. Speaking as an honorary Scot (my married name is Urquhart-Stewart; you work it out) I am appalled. Mind you, the next thing you know they'll be fobbing the blame for Irn-Bru on us Anglo- Saxons too... Have been to Austria on a number of different occasions: delightful place, very civilised and they produced Mozart and the most delicious cakes. But what is it with that country and cellars? Yet another case has emerged of an Austrian man doing goodness knows what buried deep in the earth. Is it something in the national psyche? Are they lacing the strudels with something noxious? I think we should be told.