Joining Lorraine Kelly on her ITV chat show, Shania Twain detailed how she was left fearing she’d never sing again. The country music legend, who has Lyme disease, feared she could lose her voice altogether. Opening up about her battle with the disease, she shared: “It was quite depressing, devastating to imagine that I would never sing again, even speaking, really has always been difficult with Lyme disease. “But I’m just feeling so grateful to finally sing and express myself.” She went on to tell the host: “This’ll be the first album since my operation on my voice. “You have to be awake for this operation. READ MORE: ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show “I was more afraid of never singing again than whatever it took to get through that operation. “I chose the lesser of the two fears,’ she continued as Lorraine looked on stunned. “The reason you have to be awake for it [the operation] is so you can sing during the operation. “They have to be able to see your larynx in action, you have to speak and sing.” Shania was full of energy though as she shared her excitement of putting out a new album and touring again. “I’m feeling really comfortable in my own skin,” she explained. “It took me a while and I wish I’d gotten there sooner, earlier in my life but you know, better now than never.” Shania also took the opportunity to pay tribute to Taylor Swift, who she credits with keeping her music alive. DON'T MISS...Shania Twain sparks speculation with platinum blonde transformation [LATEST]Shania Twain branded ‘unrecognisable’ as she debuts new blonde look [WATCH]Shania Twain returns to music with a wild new album [LATEST] “This is my celebration album, celebration music, being happy, putting myself in a great spirit and sharing that spirit with everybody,” she stated. “It’s thanks to people like Taylor [Swift] that keep me alive, keeps my music alive, it feels really good, it's a full circle thing!” Shania has previously opened up about her battle with Lyme disease on Loose Women in 2020. She told the panel at the time: “There was a long time where I thought I would never sing again. “It took years to get to the bottom of what was affecting my voice. “I would say probably a good seven years before a doctor was able to find out it was nerve damage to my vocal chords directly caused by Lyme disease. “I was out horse back riding in the forest and was bitten by a tick.” Shania admitted at the time she’d even stopped speaking on the phone as it was so “debilitating”. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.