The Duke of Sussex is reportedly set to appear on Stephen Colbert's Late Show next week. Prince Harry was interviewed by Mr Colbert, a popular US late night TV host, in early January. The interview was part of a string of sit-down chats undertaken by the fifth-in-line to the throne as part of the promotional launch of his memoir, and aired on January 11. However, freelance writer R.S. Locke, claimed on Twitter Harry will make a new, pre-recorded, appearance on Mr Colbert's show on February 28. The royal will appear in the "Colbert Questionert" segment, which normally sees Mr Colbert asking a series of questions to his guests, ranging from innocuous to irreverent, the writer claimed. The freelancer added: "We’ll see if Stephen sticks to his standard questions or goes off script." It isn't clear whether this segment was filmed in January together with the rest of the programme featuring the Duke already aired. This comes as it is not yet known whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend the Coronation of King Charles in May. Last month's Late Show episode featuring Harry started with a skit during which Harry mistakenly believed Mr Colbert had called two trumpeters in uniform to welcome him while, in fact, were there to meet Hollywood royalty Tom Hanks. Like other US comedians, Mr Colbert also joked about Prince Harry's frostbitten penis, a topic the royal discussed in his best-selling book. After being asked "how it is that the royal standard got frostnip", Harry quipped: "Can I have a drink? How long have you been waiting to ask that question?" READ MORE: King Charles to refuse Prince Harry’s one Coronation demand  As Mr Colbert poured the Duke a glass of tequila, Harry said he watches and "fact-checks" The Crown, the fictional Netflix series focused on the lives of royals during the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. Harry, who with his wife Meghan signed a multi-year deal with the US entertainment giant in 2020, also touched upon more serious issues during his conversation with Mr Colbert. In a blistering accusation against the Firm, Harry replied "of course" when asked if he thought the Royal Family was actively campaigning to undermine his memoir. After saying the British media was also trying to do the same, he added: "But this is the other side of the story, right? After 38 years, they have told their side of the story. This is the other side of the story and there’s a lot in there that, perhaps makes people feel uncomfortable and scared." He then defended his decision to disclose in Spare how many Taliban he killed during his second tour of duty in Afghanistan as an Apache helicopter co-pilot. The royal accused the media of distorting his recollection without providing context while reporting on the extract from the book, saying: "Without doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told is that I somehow boasted about the number of people that I killed in Afghanistan." He added: "My words are not dangerous but the spin of my words are very dangerous." More than one month after this interview aired, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace brought back to the fore the issue during an interview with Nick Ferrari on LBC, criticising Harry for "boasting about tallies". Harry also discussed his strained relationship with Prince William, saying if Princess Diana was still alive their would not be separated by the same wide gap currently dividing them.