The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been advised to talk about "nothing but the weather" if they attend King Charles III's Coronation in May. It is believed Harry and Meghan will be invited to the Westminster Abbey ceremony despite claims and allegations made against the Royal Family in their Netflix series and the Duke's memoir, Spare. Royal commentator, Kinsey Schofield, said Buckingham Palace wants to organise the historic occasion to make sure King Charles is the centre of attention, but acknowledge Harry and Meghan will be a distraction if they were to attend. The host of the To Di for Daily podcast told GB News: "Additionally, though - this is my favourite part of everything I've been reading about the Coronation - a source close to the Royal Family says that Harry and Meghan should be prepared to talk to senior royals about nothing but the weather, which we can all understand. "Those two can't keep their mouths shut. Loose lips sink ships." Ms Schofield told the broadcaster there are three options for those planning the Coronation: Harry and Meghan both show up; only Harry attends or neither of them go. She said: "We do anticipate that Harry and Meghan are going to be invited to the Coronation... but [the] reality is this had to be done. "This was going to be a PR nightmare if King Charles did not invite Harry and Meghan to the Coronation." The royal commentator suggested if the Sussexes do attend they will be seated with Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice, who they are known to be particularly friendly with. A special bank holiday weekend will begin when Charles is crowned monarch on Saturday May 6 at Westminster Abbey. The day after, thousands of spectators, who have been awarded tickets via a national ballot, will watch a star-studded Windsor Castle concert as the celebrations continue. READ ABOUT FEARS NICOLA BULLEY'S PHONE WAS LEFT AS A DECOY King Charles's Coronation comes after the Duke's ghost-written autobiography - which became the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began - laid bare Harry's frustrations with his family. He claimed the King put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of Meghan and the Princess of Wales. Harry also alleged Camilla, the Queen Consort, sacrificed him on "her personal PR altar". Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have not responded to the Duke's allegations. Friday saw the launch of a national ballot for a live, televised musical extravaganza on Sunday May 7 - the day after the King is crowned. DON'T MISS: Schoolboy baffled by surprise call from Prince William [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan to stop dishing dirt on Royal Family in new rebrand [REVEALED] Harry and Meghan force Palace to make three Coronation scenarios [LATEST] Members of the public are invited to apply by visiting bbc.co.uk/coronationconcert with the ballot closing just before midnight on February 28. The event - staged on the castle's East Lawn and featuring global "music icons and contemporary stars" - is the first time a concert has been held in the grounds of the Berkshire residence, according to the BBC. It will be broadcast live on BBC One, BBC iPlayer, BBC Radio 2 and BBC Sounds. The line-up is due to be revealed in the coming weeks. Winners will be allocated based on the geographical spread of the UK's population and not on a first-come, first-served basis, with 5,000 people each given a pair of tickets in the ballot run by Ticketmaster. An emblem inspired by the King's "love of the planet, nature, and his deep concern for the natural world" was also unveiled this week to mark his Coronation. Sir Jony Ive, credited with designing Apple's iPhone and his creative collective, LoveFrom, have produced the insignia to celebrate Charles's new reign. It features a stylised image of St Edward's Crown, which will be used to crown the monarch, created from the rose of England, thistle of Scotland, daffodil of Wales and the shamrock of Northern Ireland, in the red, white and blue of the Union flag. Sir Jony said: "It is such an honour to be able to contribute to this remarkable national occasion, and our team is so very proud of this work. "The design was inspired by King Charles's love of the planet, nature, and his deep concern for the natural world. "The emblem speaks to the happy optimism of spring and celebrates the beginning of this new Carolean era for the United Kingdom. "The gentle modesty of these natural forms combine to define an emblem that acknowledges both the joyful and profound importance of this occasion."