The Bachelor aired its fifth episode on Monday, as Shallcross and his pool of 30 hopeful wives-to-be partied in London. But things took an unexpected turn as Shallcross caught Covid following a wild night out. In an effort to win the bachelor over, Greer Blitzer tried to relate to his unfortunate circumstances after catching Covid but it backfired. The episode kicked off with bachelor Shallcross inviting one of the contestants, Gabriella 'Gabi' Elnicki on a royal themed one-to-one date while in London. Elnicki was made aware of the news via a butler in a bowler hat who called her downstairs to meet Shallcross, and the pair then headed into town as they sipped champagne in a cab. However the news wasn't well-received from other hopeful Blitzer, as she felt she would be better suited for the date, being a keen tea-drinker. She claimed The Bachelor lead knew she was a tea fan and expected him to choose her over Elnicki.   After the meltdown, she was again left disheartened when Shallcross cancelled the group date due to catching Covid. All the ladies were saddened by the situation as they didn’t get to spend time alone with the show’s bachelor. However host Jesse Palmer announced a rose ceremony would still take place in episode five, but it would be virtual. To give each girl a shot at being chosen, Shallcross decided to have a one-on-one chat with every potential suitor before the final event. While most of the hopefuls left the virtual date feeling hopeful, Blitzer left her one-to-one upset as she felt she offended Shallcorss during their conversation. In an attempt to empathise with Shallcross during their chat, Greer said: “I had Covid at the end of the quarter during year end so it messed with my career in sales, I know how you feel missing out on things.” But to her surprise the show’s lead star took it the wrong way and responded: “Yeah, I think me missing out on finding a wife is slightly more important than your little sales problems.” His response sent the sales-executive into a huge panic as she thought he would send her home in the rose ceremony.   Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on Shallcross’ “belittling” response to the 24-year-old hopeful. One outraged fan @TherealSOBrien commented: “Zach was awful to Greer. I don’t think she’s right for him … but him belittling her comment TWICE and saying she was wrong to try to relate to him by talking about her career is a major red flag.” Another @SophiaTarlas added: “Like belittling Greer, making her cry and blame herself for trying to empathise? Who wants a future with that? That’s not noble. That’s just mean." A third @nortonlori55 echoed: “Never saw the appeal of Zach and after the whole Greer zoom call I see red flags! #TheBachelor.” @JustlOVEKATE agreed: “Now why did he come at Greer like that #TheBachelor.” Bachelor Shallcross wasn't the only one who got on the wrong side of viewers after the fifth episode aired on Monday. The Bachelor fans dubbed the producers of the show “messy” as they believed producers intentionally let Greer cry outside Elnicki’s room, after she got back from her date with expensive gifts. One viewer @GeillisMGrue took to Twitter commenting: “NOT THEM MAKING GABI WALK BY WITH HER STUFF WHILE GREER IS ON THE FLOOR CRYING. Messy. #TheBachelor.” The Bachelor airs at 8pm Mondays on ABC in the US. 