The wife of disgraced rugby league star Joe Westerman has revealed how her children were forced to endure watching a lewd sex act video involving their father. Footage emerged earlier this week showing Castleford Tigers star Westerman performing a sex act on another woman in an alleyway, with his trousers round his ankles. His wife Lauren, 33, was forced to deny she was the woman involved, with Westerman coming clean the following day after footage emerged on Twitter. Mum-of-three Lauren admits she ‘felt physically sick’ after being shown the clip for the first time and made a desperate attempt to get to her two eldest children, nine and 14, before they saw it, but was too late. "I just felt physically sick," she told The Sun. "My next thought was for my 14-year-old daughter and whether I could get to her before she saw it. But it was too late. She kept being added to these Snapchat groups from school and being sent the video. She left the groups but kept being added to more and it was sent to her again and again and again. Our nine-year-old was also sent a screenshot of the video in messages.” READ MORE: England vs Wales Six Nations clash could be cancelled by strike Westerman was issued with a fine by Castleford and will be asent when they take on Hull FC in their Super League opener as a result of the incident, having reportedly gone on an all-day drinking session. He admits he needs to work on his ‘decision-making around alcohol’. The England international will also undertake community service, offering advice to youngsters on the effects of drinking. But Lauren isn’t sure her kids will overcome the trauma of seeing the footage of their father. “I don’t know if our children will ever forgive their dad. There will be no more family dinners, no family days out,” she added. “It’s all gone. The kids won’t be able to see him play again because of the chants he will now inspire. That is their dad and I feel so sorry for them that they’ve had to see something like that. just hope in time they can forget it.” READ NEXT: Lauren admitted she received a series of grovelling messages from the rugby league star in the days after the incident but she is adamant there will be no reconciliation. She added: “We’ve had our ups and downs but always managed to find our way back together. This is just incredibly sad. I feel heartbroken, angry, sad and disappointed. There is no way back.” Castleford play their Super League opener against Hull FC on Sunday with Westerman omitted from the squad and it remains to be seen when – or even if – he will be welcomed back into the fold.