The Times reported Mr Faulding and his team, who have assisted police in the past, have been dropped from the Expert Advisers Database. However, an internal review is expected which could lead to SGI being reinstated. A spokesman for the National Crime Agency told the Times: “The NCA does not employ, endorse, or accredit experts on our adviser database. The database is subject to continual review and its purpose is to maintain a list of expertise UK law enforcement can draw upon when required.” They added: “We proactively seek feedback from customers regarding expert’s performance and contribution. The monitoring of performance equally applies to individuals and organisations who become involved in investigations with NCA engagement.” Mr Faulding, 60, and his team searched the River Wyre for three days but failed to find Ms Bulley. Her body was later found in some nearby reeds by the side of the river. READ MORE: Hollywood royalty move into London's oldest palace  In a statement, Mr Faulding said: “The SGI underwater search team was tasked with searching the river upstream of the weir in the non-tidal part of the river, past the bench where Nicola's phone was found and a mile upstream past this point. “For three days, using high-frequency side scan sonar, we thoroughly searched the riverbed and can categorically confirm that Nicola was not laying on the riverbed on the days that we searched. “We did search the stretch of river where Nicola was [allegedly] found for four hours on our first day and then upstream past the weir on the subsequent two days. The police underwater search teams and land search teams were searching for three full weeks and were also unable to find Nicola.” Mr Faulding said the area where Ms Bulley was found “was not part of our remit as the side scan sonar does not penetrate reeds above or below the water”.  Mr Faulding added: “A riverbank and wade search would be the only way to search this area and we were not involved or tasked with that search. The difference between these two search areas has caused a lot of confusion and unfair criticism towards myself and my team at Specialist Group International. “My previous comments saying that if Nicola was in the river, I would find her, still stand. My team and I at SGI did all we could to assist this family with only our best intentions. I am sure I can say this of everyone who has been involved in this difficult search.” Ms Bulley was found around three weeks after she disappeared while walking her dog near the town of St Michael’s on Wyre, in Lancashire. The police have not yet revealed Ms Bulley's cause of death