The UK was been warned that international aid delivered to Syria could end up in the wrong hands after President Bashar Al-Assad’s regime agreed to open two new crossing points from Turkey to the country’s rebel-held northwest. The international community has been accused of ignoring the war-ravaged country for weeks after two earthquakes killed more than 5,700 people and little aid came through to help. The United Nations (UN) has ceded to pressure and allowed more support and heavy equipment into Syria amid backlash from the White Helmets' head who said the move would allow Al-Assad to score "political gain". Experts on Syria's conflict and aid workers have warned al-Assad's history of corruption could repeat itself, leaving more than 20 million Syrians without crucial aid to survive the new disaster. Aron Lund, a Syria expert and fellow at the Century Foundation, told Express.co.uk: "The Syrian government has routinely exploited and manipulated aid flows into Syria in the past, and some percentage of the aid will inevitably be lost to corruption. "The Assad regime is not the only actor in Syria that does this – they all do, to varying degrees – but as Syria's internationally recognised sovereign government, it has particular leverage over UN aid operations." Mr Lund also fears rebels in northwest Syria, where the UN is sending humanitarian aid, may never reach earthquake victims. 2,166 people have died in the region, according to The White Helmets rescue organisation, while the Syrian Health Ministry in Damascus reports 1,414 fatalities there.  The Hayat Tahrir al-Sham jihadist group — known as HTS — controls parts of the region and is the "bigger problem", said Mr Lund. He explained: "Aid that’s delivered through these new crossings into rebel-held northwestern Syria can’t be touched by the Syrian government. It passes straight from Turkey into territory held by Turkey-backed groups. In those areas, local rebels are the bigger problem, along with general insecurity and organised crime." Aid workers on the ground have expressed concerns about the help being provided to Syria after the two devastating earthquakes - describing the current situation as a "nightmare scenario". "Aid workers including with the UN are trapped in a difficult-to-gain situation regarding post-earthquake aid for Syria," said Dr Ilan Kelman, Professor of Disasters and Health at University College London. READ MORE: Natural disaster planners could use animals as warning systems Dr Kelman continued: "Since 1971, Syria has been led by a father-then-son totalitarian dictatorship, ruining the country. Meanwhile, some earthquake-hit areas are known for abetting terrorists. Aid could easily be diverted or misused by any group. "Not providing humanitarian aid is understandably seen as callous and uncaring. It perpetuates the politicisation of aid when human beings are desperate for help to survive day-to-day. If some assistance reaches the neediest, it can make a big, positive difference." Syria was accused of politicising aid after Syria's UN ambassador, Bassam Sabbagh, said his country should be responsible for delivering all aid to Syria, including areas not under Syrian government control. Mohamed Abdelkhaleq, a White Helmet volunteer, warns against it. He told Express.co.uk: "The Syrian regime will steal the aid, and nothing of the humanitarian aid will reach the people and the affected people because it is a murderous terrorist regime that will give it to its armed forces and mercenaries, and nothing will reach the affected people." DON'T MISS:Massive 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand [REPORT] Everything we know about Christian Atsu as earthquake search continues [REPORT] Heartbreaking Atsu update as two pairs of shoes found in rubble [REPORT] To prevent aid from reaching capital Damascus, the UN has successfully negotiated two new entry points that allow humanitarian aid to be delivered from Turkey into Syria without Bashar Alassad’s interference. More than 100 trucks with UN aid, including tents, heaters and cholera testing kits, have crossed into northwest Syria since the earthquakes struck. 4,400 people have died in the rebel-held region while 5,800 have perished in the country, according to the UN. The death toll in Syria and neighbouring Turkey is reportedly nearing 42,000. NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg has said the earthquakes in southeastern Turkey constituted the "deadliest natural disaster on the alliance territory" since it was founded in 1949. READ NEXT:Earthquake survivors in Turkey flee to southern town seeking sanctuarySyria agrees new crossing points to get aid to earthquake survivorsUK aid flight departs to Turkey containing £350000 worth suppliesTurkey's earthquake has claimed more than 35,000 livesSyrian recalls earthquake horrors and says area has had no western aid