An Australian radio host has claimed that security officials, working at an event that Meghan Markle was hosting, threatened to "arrest" him when he tried to leave early. The incident happened when the 41-year-old was still a senior member of the Royal Family. Recalling the incident that happened several years ago, Joel Creasey, who is also a comedian, said that Meghan was running late. He said: "I went along and she was five hours' late." He claimed he asked if he could leave and was met with an alarming response. He said: "I said, 'Can I leave? I don't care about her that much,', and security said, 'No, you can't leave. We'll arrest you." READ MORE: Meghan Markle is 'upset and annoyed' over how she's portrayed in South Park parody Meghan joined the Royal Family in 2018, officially making her the Duchess of Sussex. The couple announced their engagement in November 2017. Meghan married Prince Harry less than two years after they first met. The couple married on May 19, 2018 in Windsor, with their big day watched by millions of people across the world. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan under threat as King Charles could 'strong-arm' them into losing titles The couple completed their final royal engagement at Westminster Abbey in March 2020. Two months earlier, they revealed their plans to step down as senior working royals. In a statement released, at the time, on Instagram, the couple declared their wish to "work to become financially independent". DON'T MISS Edward made 'extraordinarily informal gesture' to Sophie at wedding [ANALYSIS]King and Queen seen after Coronation tipped to snub Harry and Meghan [REPORT]Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry are expected to return to the UK in May for the King's Coronation. Their attendance has not been confirmed, although an invite from the King is expected to be sent out to the couple. Since their wedding, the couple have welcomed two children, a son named Archie and a daughter named Lilibet. It is unlikely that Meghan would have been aware of the comments from the security official at the event she was hosting. Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell for comment.