King Charles appeared hugely interested as he got a taste of the training regime experienced by Ukrainian military recruits temporarily stationed in Britain. While in southwest England, the head of state witnessed how Ukrainian troops are being taught to attack enemy positions by British and international partner forces before being sent back to fight in the war against Russia. In a video filmed during the engagement, troops could be seen in the distance crawling on the ground and reaching their objectives as the monarch was speaking with training personnel. His Majesty was accompanied throughout the visit by Chief of General Staff General Sir Patrick Sanders but also met some of the international military personnel who joined forces with the UK to support the training of Ukraine's troops. Charles, who is also head of state in New Zealand, was greeted by a New Zealander soldier with the hongi, a traditional Maori greeting that sees two people pressing their noses together. The King also had the chance to speak with some Ukrainian soldiers taking part in the basic training. The course for Ukrainian troops lasts for 35 days and provides them with essential teachings focused on lethality and survivability. Among the main issues tackled during this training, Ukrainian soldiers learn medical care, weapon handling, basic fieldcraft and marksmanship. Most of the recruits taking part in the course have little to no military experience, so learning these skills is particularly important to them. Nevertheless, some of those on the course have already gained first-hand experience on the frontline. Both the age and background of those joining this course vary. During the training, Ukrainians are also provided with interpreters. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry a 'double-edged sword' for organisations – expert Through the training provided in the UK to Ukrainian troops, 10,000 soldiers were brought to battle readiness in the last six months. This royal engagement comes on the same day US President Joe Biden made an unannounced visit to Ukraine's capital city, Kyiv, as the first anniversary of the Russian invasion approaches. The American leader spent more than five hours in the city, during which he held an audience with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky at Mariinsky Palace, honoured the country's fallen soldiers and met with US embassy staff based in the war-torn country. During the visit, Mr Biden also announced the US will provide Ukraine with an additional half-billion dollars in assistance, on top of the $50billion already provided. However, he didn't pledge to send new advance weaponry despite Mr Zelensky's recent plea. King Charles's meeting with Ukrainian troops also comes a few weeks after the head of state welcomed to Buckingham Palace Mr Zelensky. On February 8, the Ukrainian President made a surprise visit to England to visit Ukrainian troops, meet Mr Sunak and the King and address the Houses of Parliament. On the same day, Mr Sunak announced the UK would bolster the training it had been offering to Ukrainian troops since July 2022. The commitment will continue throughout 2023 and Mr Sunak expanded the training to fighter jet pilots, allowing Ukrainians to be able to fly sophisticated NATO-standard fighter jets. The UK also stepped up its delivery of lethal aid to Ukraine.