ITV and talkSPORT host Laura Woods spent her Carabao Cup final day “apologising profusely” to former Newcastle defender Ryan Taylor after their awkward encounter before Eddie Howe’s side lost 2-0 to Manchester United on Sunday. The former Magpies full-back spent six years on Tyneside after joining in 2009 and the free-kick specialist showed his support for the club at Wembley. Woods, who had family members with her that supported Newcastle, enjoyed a pre-match meal alongside Toon stars including Alan Shearer and John Beresford before bumping into Taylor before kick-off. She recalled the “very awkward” moment to Ally McCoist on talkSPORT Monday morning, after revealing she did not know who she was talking to when Taylor approached her. “I had a very awkward moment, can I quickly tell you about it? Ryan – I hope he’s not listening yet – walked up and, just because we were frantically trying to find [our restaurant]. You know how big Wembley is and if you get lost, you’re lost for days. “We had been saying hello to all the Geordies and fans outside and then we got up and Ryan came up to me and said ‘Hi, how are you?’ I said ‘Good thank you, how are you?’, and he went, ‘Yeah, nice to properly actually meet you in real life’. I went ‘Sorry, who are you?’, I didn’t recognise him!” McCoist could not believe what he was hearing and claimed that Woods had lost them any chance of Taylor appearing on their show, even though she pleaded with the former defender to join them on Monday’s show if Newcastle won the game. Woods explained further: “He went ‘It’s Ryan’, and I went ‘Oh God, Ryan, I’m so sorry!’ It was awful! I’m so sorry, Ryan. I did spend the rest of the day apologising profusely to him.” Taylor’s day did not improve any further as Newcastle were unable to get the better of United, as goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford ensured that the north-east side’s 54-year trophy drought would continue. He made no reference to his awkward moment with Woods as he turned to Instagram after the result with a video of Newcastle fans cheering their team on. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route “Yesterday didn’t go to plan, but the world was shown Newcastle and their fans belong on the big stage,” Taylor wrote. “I’m proud to be one of you.” Newcastle fans showed their appreciation for the team at Wembley as they stayed behind after the full-time whistle when their United counterparts were celebrating the first trophy of the Erik ten Hag era. The Magpies' support applauded Howe and the squad for a cup run that saw them come close to breaking their long-standing unwanted record.