Steve Irwin’s daughter, Bindi Irwin, 24, shared a tear-jerking message to her father on what would have been his 61st birthday. In an emotional social media post, Bindi commended the late wildlife educator and environmentalist over his “legacy”. Bindi took to Instagram to share a heartwarming picture of herself as a toddler next to her dad as they inspected a small reptile. In view of her 5 million followers, Bindi wrote: “Happy Birthday, Dad. “Thank you for instilling a love for all species, courage to follow my heart and determination to make a difference in the world for wildlife and wild places. “Your legacy lives on and the world is forever changed because of your dedication to conservation. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham slammed for trying to outclass David in pancake post “Mum, Robert and I love and miss you so much,” Bindi signed off the message. Fans of the legendary TV star rushed to the post’s comments section to pay homage. Broadway___joe said: “One of my childhood heroes. Happy Birthday to your father. “He is the reason I love animals so much.” Coleyrose17 recounted: “I remember watching his TV show as a little girl, and my favourite episode was always the one where you were born! “Both him and your mom were so thrilled. It still warms my heart when I think about it.” (sic) Pinkster86 penned: “I am sure your dad is so proud of you and your family. “His legacy lives on through all the amazing things you all continue to do for animals.” DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [HOLLYWOOD]Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS]Jane Fonda issues warning after sharing 'big regret' in personal life [COMMENT] Irwin died in September 2006, prompting an outpouring of grief across the world. He was just 44 years old when he was pierced in the chest by a stingray barb while filming a wildlife documentary, Ocean's Deadliest in Queensland. But just weeks before the tragedy unfolded, he gave a "very weird" speech to his colleagues that has haunted his best friend for 15 years. In a 2021 interview on the I've Got News for You podcast, producer John Stainton opened up on what he describes as the wildlife enthusiast's "farewell" speech. "A couple of days before we started the show, he made a little speech to all the crew that were up there catching crocs for his research trip," he explained. "Which I joined at the end with our crew to do the [Ocean's Deadliest] movie. And it was really weird. "He was sort of thanking them all for being who they were and for helping him." John went on to add: "It was like a 'finale' speech. Very weird."