An unnamed chief of one of Manchester City’s rivals has called for them to be relegated if they are found guilty of 115 Financial Fair Play (FFP) breaches. City have welcomed further investigations into their finances and remain convinced that they will be cleared of the allegations after the Premier League explosively accused them of wrongdoing on Monday. The Premier League announced on Monday that a four-year investigation into City’s finances has found them guilty of numerous FFP breaches over the course of nine years – when they enjoyed plenty of domestic success - and their findings have been referred to an 'independent commission'. They are accused of failing to disclose the true salaries of players and managers, the sources of finances and also of not aiding the investigation, amongst other allegations. City reacted to the news by releasing a statement that read: "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. "The club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." The severity of the punishment that will be imposed on City will be determined by the outcome of the commission’s investigation, though some sides are already looking at potential outcomes. One club chief reportedly told The Sun: "If these charges are proven there must be proper punishment - and the only fitting one is for them to be relegated. "We’re talking about a decade of alleged abuses and want the Premier League to do the right thing." The report adds that City's rivals are keen to seem them strongly punished if they are found guilty and would want to see them relegated. Clubs are apparently hoping that a verdict will be reached ‘swiftly’ and that City will be punished before the end of the season, though there is no timeframe set for a conclusion to be reached. The outcome of the investigation can also be appealed by the club and the Premier League, which is likely to lengthen the process further. Relegation is cited as one of the potential punishments that Pep Guardiola’s side could face in W.51 of the Premier League’s handbook, though there are plenty of other options that could be applied once the commission has investigated. The punishments will need to be proportionate to how many charges the club are found guilty of, with point deductions and fines also options that could be imposed upon the club.