Vivek Ramaswamy has become just the third Republican candidate to officially enter the 2024 race after vowing to "revive" American ideals on Tuesday. He filed a "statement of organisation" and "statement of candidacy" with the Federal Election Commission, indicating his intention to run for the White House as a Republican candidate. The 37-year-old, from Cincinnati in Ohio, would become the youngest Commander-in-Chief ever if elected, coming in slightly younger than Theodore Roosevelt who entered the Oval Office at the age of 42 in 1901.  He is also the second first-generation Indian-American to seek the Grand Old Party's nomination, joining former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley in the 2024 race. Ramaswamy's parents came to the United States from Kerala in India, with his father working at the General Electric Plant in Evendale and his mother employed as a geriatric psychiatrist. He reportedly majored in biology during his studies at Harvard, before receiving a doctor of jurisprudence degree from Yale's Law School. Ramaswamy rose to prominence as a leading conservative entrepreneur. He co-founded Strive Asset in 2022 and wrote Woke Inc: Inside Corporate America's Social Justice Scam the year before.  But, unlike other Republican contenders, Ramaswamy does not have political experience in Washington. Ramaswamy briefly flirted with the idea of standing as a GOP candidate in the Buckeye State's Senate race last year. But he has been actively engaged with populist politics in recent years, reportedly taking inspiration from Trump's 2016 victory in his own campaign. But he could not pip the two-time GOP nominee to the title of richest contender. Forbes reported Ramaswamy net worth in 2016 at a whopping $600million.  Whereas, Trump's stood at more than $3billion as of 2022. During his 215-second launch clip, Ramaswamy said: "We are in the middle of a national identity crisis. "Faith, patriotism and hard-work have disappeared only to be replaced by new secular religions like Covidism, climatism and gender ideology. "We hunger to be part of something bigger than ourselves yet we cannot even answer the question of what it means to be an American. "Today the woke left prays on that vacuum. They tell you that your race, your gender and your sexual orientation govern who you are, what you can achieve and what you're allowed to think. "This is psychological slavery and that has created a new culture of fear in our country that has completely replaced our culture of free speech in America. "That is why today I am announcing my run for President of the United States.  DON'T MISSChina warns US 'fanning flames' of Ukraine war[LATEST]Hundreds of teens ruin family's home [REPORT]Trump blasts DeSantis in late-night tirade [INSIGHT] "This isn't just a political campaign, this is a cultural movement to create a new American dream for the next generation." He added: "You might disagree with each disagree with each other about corporate tax rates or whether ivermectin treats Covid but those are details. "We still agree on our nation's most fundamental principles, at least most of us do. "Yet the goal of the ruling party in this country is to convince us that we are divided. Why? So they can accumulate more power for themselves. "Well, you know what? I have a dream that we can be one people again." Despite Ramaswamy's dramatic launch, there is little evidence to suggest he has a significant backing within the Grand Old Party. Republican fundraiser Noelle Nikpour told Express.co.uk: "I deal with major bundlers and they've not said anything." Ramaswamy has also not been included in recent opinion polls so it remains hard to gauge how he could fare against Donald Trump and other Republican rivals. 