When the late Queen was not travelling with her favourite chocolate biscuit cake, former royal chef Darren McGrady had to concoct another portable decadence while the Royal Family was on holiday at Balmoral Castle in Scotland: whisky-infused chocolate mousse. Darren said on his YouTube channel: “We never knew whether the Royal Family were going out for dinner, barbequing in the hills, or having dinner at Balmoral and would need to prepare dishes that could be served anywhere on the estate."  He released this chocolate mousse recipe in honour of the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee last year. The make-ahead mousse is perfect for anyone enjoying a relaxed dessert, and I attempted to make it exclusively for Express.co.uk.   I began by melting the chocolate in a large bowl over a saucepan of boiling water, taking care to not burn it. Next, I made a small bowl of coffee using instant granules that I already had in my cupboard. I then whisked the egg yolks into the chocolate, added the dissolved coffee, followed by the Drambuie, and I mixed well. Taking the double cream out of the fridge and my electric whisk from my cupboard, I whipped the cream until it became stiff and peaks held.   I then whipped the egg whites in the exact same fashion. Darren advises folding the cream with a metal spoon into the chocolate mixture followed by the whipped egg whites. Keep folding until there are no white specks of cream or egg white and then pour into a "decorative serving dish" as Darren says. I did not have any such dish, so I used individual wine glasses instead. I then put the mousse into the fridge for three hours to allow the chocolate to set. READ MORE: Kate avoided 'wardrobe malfunction' at wedding 'with help of Sophie'  Overall, I spent £10.09 on this royal recipe, making it an affordable dessert that lasts in your fridge all week, perfect for the whole family. A pack of 12 eggs from Sainsbury's cost just £2.55, double cream cost £1.19, a bar of baking chocolate cost £1.35, and a small five cl bottle of whisky, which I substituted for Drambuie, cost just £5. I already had the coffee granules inside my kitchen cupboard, meaning that I was able to save on this ingredient. I personally found the dark chocolate mixture, combined with whisky and coffee, incredibly bitter. However, this is down to personal taste, as I'm more inclined to choose milk or white chocolate over dark chocolate, to begin with. I'm also not the biggest fan of whisky, as I prefer rum or gin when it comes to a cocktail. Therefore, the mousse itself was incredibly bitter as it contained no other sources of sugar, just whipped cream and eggs. Overall, it was incredibly easy and affordable to make with just a few ingredients, so if you're a fan of dark chocolate and whisky then this could be your perfect dessert.