Cristiano Ronaldo has scored FOUR goals in just four minutes in just his third appearance for the Saudi Arabia club during their match against Al-Wehda on Thursday. The Portuguese superstar was made to wait for his Al-Nassr debut after serving a two-match suspension from his time at Manchester United.  His official debut came against Ettifaq FC at the end of January, but the 38-year-old was unable to get on the scoresheet then. Ronaldo thought he had broken his short barren run in the very next game against Al-Fateh, only to have it chalked out for offisde. He did find the net in stoppage time of that game from the penalty spot for his first official Al-Nassr goal to help his new side clinch a point. And that has clearly helped Ronaldo find his shooting boots in the Saudi Pro League as he found the net four times against Al-Wehda. Ronaldo got things up and running midway through the second half with a well-taken finish from inside the box with his left foot. He doubled his tally just before the break after beating the offside trap and expertly finishing through the legs of the opposed goalkeeper. His hat-trick was complete just minutes after the restart as he scored from the spot. The Portuguese superstar then showed his turn of pace hasn't evaded him for his fourth as he raced clear of the defence.  One-on-one with the goalkeeper, Ronaldo fired straight at the shot-stopper, who could only parry it back into the path of the former Real Madrid and Manchester United striker. He duly tapped in the rebound for his fourth of the game before wheeling off to perform his trademark SIU celebration. It's the first time since March 2018 when Ronaldo was still playing for Real that he's scored four in a league match. He managed the feat seven times with Real, while also scoring four in the Champions League back in 2015 against Malmo. Ronaldo's personal goal record for a single match is five, which he achieved twice in 2015. The Portugal international scored an incredible 54 goals throughout that calendar year. 