Thousands of Britons (27,840) are claiming Personal Independence Payment (PIP) for one of 25 types of gastrointestinal conditions including Coeliac disease, Crohn’s disease and Irritable Bowel Syndrome. However, others are missing out because they don't know their health condition means they may be able to claim up to £627 a month from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help with living costs. There are nearly three million adults across the UK currently claiming PIP from the DWP. To qualify, people must have a health condition or disability that affects their daily lives but they don't need to be out of work. There are no specific conditions which guarantee a PIP claim will be successful, however thousands of Britons are awarded this disability benefit for gastrointestinal conditions like IBS and Crohn's Disease. In total, there are 25 health conditions affecting the stomach that could qualify for this financial support. READ MORE: eBay sites which 'not many people know about' offer 75% off shopping   Benefits expert Paul Brennan recently told Express.co.uk people don’t need to have a serious physical disability that stops them working to claim PIP. He said: "Even if you’re in employment, you could be entitled to payouts of up to £156 per week to help with your costs. "You will need an initial assessment to work out the level of financial help you’re entitled to, and regular reviews to make sure you are getting the right support." Britons will need to be able to demonstrate their condition affects how they complete certain every day tasks such as washing, going out or speaking to people. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING]  The 25 gastrointestinal conditions that could qualify for PIP are: Britons suffering from common circulation problems may also be entitled to PIP payouts this winter. This includes conditions like Raynaud’s syndrome which is a common circulation condition characterised by cold, sore or numb parts of the body that sometimes change colour such as the fingers and toes. Symptoms can be worsened by anxiety, stress and cold temperatures during the winter months. If circulation problems affect someone's daily life to the point where it affects whether they can function then it could be worth putting in a claim. A video or online assessment will be required where the DWP scores applicants on certain tasks and judges whether people can: More information on PIP and how to apply can be found at GOV.UK. 