Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has confirmed he’s performed a U-turn when it comes to Wout Weghorst. The Netherlands international arrived last month on loan from Burnley, having spent the first half of the season with Besiktas in Turkey. He’s impressed since his arrival, despite finding the net just once during that time. Manchester United were linked with a plethora of forwards last month, with the club looking to sign a temporary replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. And it was Weghorst who then arrived, with the Netherlands international chosen ahead of the likes of Joao Felix and Alvaro Morata. The Dutchman is a centre-forward by trade but, in recent matches against Leeds and Barcelona, has been used as a No 10. And Ten Hag, in an interview with club media, has now admitted he didn’t initially plan on using the 30-year-old in that position. “Actually, no,” he said. “The last years he was actually only playing as a striker, but I know from a very long history he can play there. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “He did before. In a certain role, I think he can act very well there and we have seen that. “In Leeds, he did it for a part of the game and yesterday [Thursday, against Barcelona] he did it for over 90 minutes. “I think it was quite successful, not only for him but I think he enjoyed it there. “He had an impact on the game, but for the team it was really important his role. “I think he let others play better and that’s also what he’s doing as a striker. He lets other team-mates score.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Another player Ten Hag was happy to discuss was Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Many expected the former Crystal Palace star to be shown the door last month, especially with Diogo Dalot ahead of him in the pecking order. But Wan-Bissaka has kicked on and improved, with the 25-year-old now a regular in the side again. Speaking about the defender’s resurgence, Ten Hag said: “Yes, of course. He is improving his game and I’m happy with his return. “He had a difficult first part of the season but he fought himself back and that’s a credit to him, if you can do it. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If you struggle, you fight yourself back: that’s what life is about, and especially top football. You always have to be front foot, you always have to be ready. “Sometimes you have setbacks and you have to deal with it and fight back: that is what he did. “As you say, he’s also now improving his game. Defending I think he was always reliable but offensively also now he has an impact.” Leicester have regained their mojo in recent weeks, scoring eight goals in their last two games. And Ten Hag has labelled the Foxes a ‘good team’, revealing his fondness for the work Brendan Rodgers has done at the King Power Stadium. “It was already September when we faced them, but it was a good team,” he said. “They were, at that time, in a bad period but you could already see there were good touches, it’s a decent team. “They played well, they pressed high, so they are brave. “I liked them, the way they played, so it will be a real battle, once again. “We have to be ready for the battle. We have to be good to win that fight.”