After a five-month run from Ken Jennings being the official host of Jeopardy! The game show announced The Big Bang Theory alum Mayim Bialik would return to her hosting duties. The star’s duties will begin February 20 for a three-week long High School Reunion Tournament. But the first-look at her presenting debut didn’t go down well with fans. Fans weren't impressed after seeing Bialik’s first few moments as a presenter of the hit quiz show Jeopardy! The Big Bang Theory star could be seen showcasing her hosting duties for the first time in a video shared to the show's Instagram. The clip showed the actress looking smart as she sported a stylish blazer and dark shirt in the teaser clip. But fans didn't seem too impressed, which doesn't bode well after it is rumoured she's set to stick around for the rest of the current season. Bialik could be seen speaking to the crowd, as she confirmed contestants will have a chance to win $100,000 and a place in this year's Tournament of Champions. Opening the clip, she said: "Welcome everyone to a special reunion here on Jeopardy! "Fast forward a few years and these players are finishing high school, still in college, or have recently graduated and are ready to compete again." The actress introduced viewers to the first three hopeful contenders as the cameras then cut to their named podiums. But the opening performance didn't win many fans over as they took to social media to share their opinions. Under Jeopardy!’s Instagram post, one fan @winnal_clare commented: “As much as I LOVE Jeopardy, the next three weeks are going to be hard to watch without Ken.” Another unimpressed fan @Mapleleafmanmn added: “I won't be watching the next 3 weeks. I'll watch reruns on Pluto Tv.. I don't like Bialik or kids.” @fredrussell1960 seemingly agreed saying: “Guess 3 weeks no Jeopardy for me. All I could but listen to her here....” One fan @hikingvikingguy hit out at the producers saying: “To the Producers: please have Mayim host the light and silly Celebrity Jeopardy which is much more fitting for her personality. "Ken should be the TRUE & ONLY host of classic Jeopardy. His wit and pitch perfect delivery is the natural transition from the great years of Alex Trebek that we all love.” The Big Bang Theory actor and Jennings were announced as the current presenters of the show in the summer of 2022, after they replaced long-running host Alex Trebek, who sadly died in 2020 at the age of 80. While Bialik was named as a host, she is yet to take to the show for anything other than Celebrity Jeopardy!  The special features 27 former Teen Tournament contestants who appeared on the show in 2019. The tournament will air instead of the usual episodes from Monday, February 20 until March 9. Season 39 is set to finish in July this year, meaning both Ken and Bialik will have hosted around five months each if the latter continues her hosting stint for the remainder of this season. Jeopardy! will air on Pluto TV in the US.