Former President Donald Trump's impeachment lawyer Alan Dershowitz has praised Nikki Haley and predicted that she could beat his former client in one unlikely scenario. Mr Dershowitz made his remarks as Nikki Haley officially announced his presidential campaign with a social media video posted on Tuesday. Speaking on his Dershow podcast, Trump's ex-lawyer said: "It's so clear what's going to happen. If only Nikki Haley runs in the primaries against Donald Trump, she may very well beat him. "The polls are fairly strong. On the other hand, that's not likely to happen. "If Republicans really wanted to beat Trump, they would run one candidate. DeSantis would also beat Trump in a one-on-one, probably do even better than Nikki Haley." He added: "I think Nikki Haley has very few negatives. I love her statement today saying she hates bullies." Mr Dershowitz also said Haley was "smart as hell" and a "good politician" who charmed attendees of an event where they both appeared. Former UN ambassador Nikki Haley launched her 2024 presidential bid on Tuesday with a video hitting out at the "Washington establishment" and promising change. The ex-Republican governor is expected to make her first official campaign speech in South Carolina on Wednesday. Haley said: "Republicans have lost the popular vote in seven out of the last eight presidential elections. That has to change. Joe Biden's record is abysmal but that shouldn't come as a surprise. The Washington establishment has failed us over and over and over again. READ MORE: Nikki Haley could play spoiler with Ron DeSantis handing Trump victory "It's time for a new generation of leadership to rediscover our fiscal responsibility, to secure our border and strengthen our country, our pride and our purpose." She added: "They all think we can be bullied, kicked around. You should know this about me, I don't put up with bullies and when you kick back it hurts them more if you're wearing heels."  But her chances don't look fantastic. A Reuters-Ipsos poll published on Tuesday found only four percent of Republicans supported Haley, while 43 percent backed Donald Trump. Ron DeSantis was supported by 31 percent of Republicans as some commentators have suggested his chances would be hurt by Haley's campaign launch. Trump was quick to swipe at Haley on Tuesday, calling her a "career politician" who "resigned early to go rake in money on corporate boards". Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews