The Drew Barrymore Show will feature guest star Pamela Anderson in Friday's instalment of the hit CBS chat show, as the pair sit down to have a raw conversation discussing Anderson's recent confessions in her Netflix memoir, Love, Pamela. But the chat took an emotional turn as host Drew Barrymore broke down in tears after she felt “many parallels” with the Baywatch actress. Barrymore could be seen wiping away tears as she interviewed the model on her self-titled daytime talk show. She opened up about the challenges she had faced raising her two daughters Olive and Frankie in the limelight, whilst attempting to prioritise their safety and privacy. The actress got emotional as she confided in Anderson by asking the model for parenting advice about raising her own children in the public eye. The Baywatch actress explained how she secretly hired a security guard to protect her two sons, Brandon and Dylan at their school. READ MORE: Jerry Springer slaps down rumours that show was faked  Anderson made a shocking revelation that people would try to take her sons from the school yard so she came up with “clever ways” to make them feel safe. She explained: “My kids didn't know they had a security guard at school. I hired someone to be a PE instructor just to be there. "I had to find clever ways to make them feel everything was normal but I needed to know eyes were on them,” the model added. In an emotional response to Anderson’s revelation, Barrymore cried and vented: “I so understand. I get it, don’t f**k with my kids. It's not okay. They didn’t sign up for this.” The Golden Globe winner began to get emotional as she then asked: “How did you get through it? Because you raised these incredible boys.” Anderson, who shares her two sons with her ex-husband Tommy Lee, advised Barrymore to be “careful” with social media and to make sure that her daughters know how to make themselves safe from a very young age. The advice prompted the actress to cower at the thought of “having kids in this day and age” referring to the new challenges social media brings now. Whilst stroking her hand Anderson comforted the actress by saying she was “gonna get through this”. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii season 2 won't return to CBS next week in schedule changeWhen Calls the Heart show boss addresses 'push backs'The Rookie's Nathan Fillion 'beside himself' in career announcement The topic of conversation gradually changed as the pair began discussing their past love lives. Anderson confessed that she struggles to love anyone who is not the father of her children after the model called her ex-husband, Tommy Lee, the love of her life. She explained: "I don't even care if I'm alone the rest of my life. I've experienced really wonderful, loving moments and sometimes things don't last forever for a reason and it's okay." Anderson added: "It's fine. The last year I spent alone I think has been the happiest year of my life." Barrymore again compared her story to Anderson's saying, "I love this discovery of myself. There's so many parallels I feel with you." Both women are mothers to two kids and have opened up about their challenging childhoods and pasts. Also in December, it was revealed that  Barrymore was dating again for the first time since her divorce from Will Kopelman in 2016. The Drew Barrymore show airs weekdays at 9AM on CBS. Love, Pamela is currently streaming on Netflix in the UK.