Open plan layouts can be found in a plethora of properties across the country. They often involve an open-plan living/dining and kitchen area that doubles up as a place to cook and entertain. Open plan living spaces are appealing as they allow those cooking to socialise with guests and family members and can make rooms feel light and spacious. However, experts have warned that an open plan layout may not be to everyone’s taste and could actually devalue your property when it comes to selling. While the open plan interior trend has continued to be popular, and many argue having separate rooms as opposed to one open space is old-fashioned, there are many reasons why open plan spaces don’t work so well. Head of product at Thomas Sanderson, Lisa Cooper, has revealed why practicality must take priority over aesthetics when it comes to open plan living to ensure the style doesn’t devalue your home. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “While an open plan layout can make a home feel spacious and free flowing, there are a few factors of open plan that potential buyers might be a little sceptical about. READ MORE: First time buyer's dramatic transformation of tired Victorian terrace "Lack of privacy and increased noise levels are two main concerns with open plan, along with the worry that the layout can be difficult to maintain and keep clean.” Mark Wolens, principal and director at Independent Property Group Woden and Weston Creek said open plan layouts remain popular but can “devalue” a home. He said: “Open plan layouts are popular in homes today. However, some people believe that an open plan layout devalues a home. There are several reasons why this might be the case.” He agreed that one of the main concerns people have is that they’re difficult to manage and clean, especially for those with pets. DON'T MISSBanish algae from patios and paving without ‘scrubbing’ [INSIGHT]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [UPDATE]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [ANALYSIS] An open plan layout can also be difficult for those who work from home or need privacy to take phone calls. Mark explained: “Potential buyers may be turned off by the lack of privacy or the potential for increased noise levels. “They may also be concerned about the difficulty of managing an open-plan space. “As a result, a home with an open plan layout may be valued less than a traditional home with separate rooms.” READ MORE: ‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Instead, Lisa suggested homeowners opt for a broken plan layout which includes separate zones in a room that aren’t permanent. She explained: “A broken plan layout can often work better for family life in comparison to an open plan living arrangement and might be more attractive for home movers. "Broken plan living recognises the importance of having a distinct separation between zones of a room, without the need for a permanent wall to be put up. “Semi-permanent room dividers are a clever and functional accessory to transform an open plan room into a broken plan room. “You’ll be surprised at the difference it’ll make when there’s that clear separation between your eating environment and your relaxing environment." However, it should be noted that an open plan layout can add value to a home if it meets the needs of the homeowner and any future buyers. Before choosing an open plan layout when renovating, think carefully about whether this is the right decision for your property type. An older, more traditional home may not suit a slick, modern open plan layout, for example.