As cost of living concerns continue to hit Britons in the pocket, many people will be searching for a way to make extra income, or for a new job. Sadly, scammers are all too aware of this, and are using the social media platform WhatsApp to spread a dangerous scam, with a supposed job offer. Users have reported receiving messages offering job opportunities with enticing salaries for remote work, or UK locations. While there are variations of this type of scam, Express.co.uk has seen one which states: “We are a regular online recruitment company. “There is no time limit or location limit to this, and the work is very simple. “You can do it at home, and the manager teaches you how to make money and do things. Please add WhatsApp to receive jobs.” READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments triggered 112 times - how to check eligibility Many of these scams include the promise of making easy money, or being able to complete remote, flexible work - which is likely to be enticing to many individuals Some will even add a sense of urgency by stating there are a limited number of opportunities available, or a deadline approaching. However, these are all scam techniques designed to make Britons act without taking the time to think. Once a person replies, they are often asked to pay money for work equipment or employment screening checks. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis urges Jeremy Hunt to postpone cuts to energy bill help [LATEST]Pensioners join forces to stop thousands receiving ‘poverty pension’ [UPDATE]Barclays warning as Britons lose £4,330 in ‘most common’ fraud attempt [WARNING] Many of these messages also ask individuals to provide bank details or identity documents. But this is all part of a ruse designed by criminals to get Britons to part with their hard-earned cash and sensitive information. In fact, there is no job opportunity, and scammers are using this as a front for their money-making operation. It could be putting unsuspecting individuals at risk of losing large amounts of money, or having their identity stolen. READ MORE: Unless Jeremy Hunt performs a miracle in his next Budget we're doomed With many people looking to make extra money due to the effects of the cost of living crisis, Britons could be at risk. Cifas has issued an urgent warning as reports of this scam appear to be on the rise. The UK’s leading fraud prevention service has reminded jobseekers never to respond to adverts offering large sums of money for minimal effort. Potential employers should always be independently researched by a person, and this can be done by conducting one’s own background check to see if details are genuine. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Amber Burridge, head of intelligence at Cifas, said: “Always think carefully before responding to unsolicited calls, texts or emails. “Remember that challenging any requests for money or personal information could keep you safe. “If you think you’ve been the victim of fraud then you must tell your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud.  Only by remaining vigilant can we begin to stop criminals from exploiting the public.” Meta, which owns WhatsApp, has warned people to stay alert to avoid scams and phishing attempts. The organisation states people should never click suspicious links, or respond to emails from out of the blue. Similarly, Meta states people should always “watch out for anyone asking you to pay a fee to apply for a job”.