Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has given his full backing to Loris Karius ahead of his potential debut for Newcastle United against Manchester United in the Carabao Cup final. The German shot-stopper is set to be drafted in by Eddie Howe for one of the club's biggest matches in their recent history at Wembley due to the club's goalkeeping crisis. Howe will be without first-choice goalkeeper Nick Pope for Sunday's final after he was sent off in the 2-0 defeat to Liverpool for handling outside of his box. Pope will be suspended for the game as straight red cards for professional fouls come with an automatic one-match ban and apply across all domestic competitions. With Martin Dubravka ineligible to play after already playing in the competition while on loan at United, Karius is in line to not only make his Magpies debut but also his first competitive appearance for two years as he prepares to line up between the sticks. The 29-year-old spent six years at Liverpool after arriving during Klopp's second season at Anfield, and the German boss has given his backing to Karius to put on a professional display despite his lack of match practice. READ MORE: Newcastle may be forced to give Loris Karius first game in two years "I have no doubt about that," Klopp said, when asked about Karius' ability to deputise for Pope. "He's a great goalie, that's why Newcastle signed him." Karius made 49 appearances during his time on Merseyside but is widely remembered for his calamitous performance in the 2017-18 Champions League final, whereby his two high-profile errors against Real Madrid cost the Reds their hopes of Champions League glory. Shortly after, Karius was demoted to second choice when the club signed Alisson Becker and he eventually slid down the pecking order before leaving on a free transfer in 2021. He is yet to make an appearance since spells with Besiktas and Union Berlin, but will have the week to prepare for the game. DON'T MISSNick Pope sent off after horror gaffe and will miss Carabao Cup finalNewcastle have Joelinton at risk of ban but will still face Man UtdDavid Coote named Carabao Cup final ref and Newcastle fans are fuming Fourth-choice goalkeeper Mark Gillespie, 30, is also in contention to feature against United and Howe is yet to make a decision on which goalkeeper to start. But his comments about the German suggest his experience could help him get the nod over Gillespie. "That was the reason for taking a player of his profile," Howe said of Karius after Saturday's match. "He has experience of the big games, so I've got no doubt or issue over his ability to step in." On Pope, Howe admitted losing the England international represents a disappointing blow. He added: "Nick's very disappointed, understandably, as we are for him. He's been magnificent this season for us and he doesn't deserve to miss the game, but it is what it is."