A baby has been dropped off in Kentucky in a legal scheme which sees unwanted new-borns placed in a special box. The scheme is operating in nine states utilising 130 of the boxes. At a news conference Friday, Safe Haven Baby Boxes founder and CEO Monica Kelsey said the child was dropped off within the last seven days at a Bowling Green Fire Department location, declining to be more specific to protect anonymity. She said fire department staff was able to tend to the child in less than 90 seconds. The child is the 24th in the country to be surrendered at one of more than 130 baby boxes and drawers the organization has established across nine states. "This baby is healthy. This baby is beautiful. This baby is perfect," said Kelsey, who added that officials are now looking to place the child in "a forever home." Governor Andy Beshear signed a law in 2021 that allows the use of baby boxes for children less than 30 days old. The law requires the boxes to be located at police stations, fire stations or hospitals that are staffed 24 hours a day. It also requires equipping them with a notification system to alert the first responders on site that a child has been placed inside the box.  Kentucky now has 16 baby box locations. The Bowling Green box had been operational for less than two months. Safe Haven Baby Boxes are installed in the exterior wall of a fire station or hospital. An exterior door automatically locks when a new-born is placed inside, and an interior door lets a medical staff member secure the baby from inside the building. “This child was legally, safely, anonymously and lovingly placed inside of this Safe Haven Baby Box, and that speaks volumes about the parent,” Kelsey said. Republican state Representative Nancy Tate, who sponsored the legislation, told WNKY-TV that it’s her goal to have at least one box in every Kentucky county. "It makes my heart full to know how supportive this project is," Tate said.  READ MORE: China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down However, not everyone agrees that the boxes are a good idea. In the past, the UN has opposed their use in other countries calling for them to address the root causes of abandonment, such as poverty. Father's rights groups have also voiced concern over the boxes, claiming that they allow one parent to make the decision of giving away a child. The boxes first began appearing in the US since 2016, however similar devices, albeit less high tech, have been used since medieval times. Now, they are slowly increasing in popularity and can be found in countries including the US, Switzerland, Germany, Malaysia and Pakistan among others. Although abandoning babies is illegal in the US, all 50 states have passed a form of what is known as a "safe haven law", meaning the act is decriminalised if the infant is passed into safe hands, usually shortly after being born. 