A woman has come up with an ingenious method for preparing Parmesan cheese that eliminates the need for a grater, producing a "perfectly fine" shred every time. It can be an arduous task at the best of times - add to that the risk of slicing your fingers on the grater and it's no wonder so many of us reach for the "lazy" ready-grated supermarket substitute. Sure - it's a quick and easy alternative - but it's never as good as the fresh stuff.  But it turns out that, by ditching the grater and using a blender instead, you can spend less time preparing and more time eating. @georgiehalfacree posted the 36-second clip to her TikTok account, with users describing the food hack as "life-changing". She said: "You're gonna get your big block of Parmesan and just cut it into big chunks like this. "Get all your Parmesan and chuck it into a blender". After blending the cheese, she poured it into a container. She added: "And there you go, that's the secret behind perfectly fine Parmesan." Georgie reminded viewers that grating Parmesan takes "hours". "So just put it in a blender, and you're gonna get the perfect Parmesan cheese. "Use this little hack, and it's going to save you so much time," she added.     TikTokers flooded the comments with their thoughts on the clever hack. One person commented: "I did this! Omg, what a lifesaver! Thank you, Georgie. Keep them coming x" "Need to try this! It’s way too much effort to grate all the Parmesan," another wrote. A third user added: "OMG, I never thought of this". However, some people, no doubt feeling the pinch of rising living costs like the rest of us, said, "I wish I could afford a big block of Parmesan." A few people asked Georgie whether the hack would work with other cheeses, such as cheddar, but they did not receive a response. However, we assume it does!      Others were more focused on the fact that Georgie was running her hands through the blended Parmesan. "Why you keep touching it when it’s about to go in the fridge," someone commented. Another wrote: "Hope she washed her hands". However, a third person stuck up for the TikToker, and said: "Why everyone so worried about her touching HER cheese". 