Chelsea's transfer activity has seemingly attracted the attention of Manchester City, who are reportedly readying a bid for Ben Chilwell ahead of the summer window. Chelsea's extravagant spending ever since Todd Boehly and his consortium took over at Stamford Bridge has led to a bloated squad at Stamford Bridge. A huge overhaul has already taken place with the likes of Jorginho, Timo Werner, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger all leaving the club recently. But 14 new permanent signings have been brought in over the past two windows with close to £600million spent. It likely means that Chelsea will need to offload more players in the summer to help lighten the burden on Graham Potter. The Chelsea boss is spoilt for choice with his options in attack with Raheem Sterling, Kai Havertz, Mason Mount, Christian Pulisic, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Hakim Ziyech, Noni Madueke, Armando Broja, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and David Datro Fofana now fighting for starting spots. There are also set to be changes in midfield following Enzo Fernandez's arrival, but it's in defence where Chelsea have made big changes too. Wesley Fofana, Benoit Badiashile and Kalidou Koulibaly have all been brought in alongside Trevoh Chalobah and Thiago Silva at the heart of the club's defence.  Marc Cucurella has also taken on a permanent role on the left side of defence while young talent Lewis Hall has impressed when given a chance. Chilwell is still seen as the first-choice option when fit, but Chelsea may face a battle to keep hold of the England international. According to The Times, City have earmarked Chilwell as their top target heading into the summer. Joao Cancelo's surprise loan exit in January has left a gaping hole in Pep Guardiola's squad and the Spaniard is said to be keen on signing Chilwell.  Chelsea signed Chilwell for £50million back in the summer of 2020 and would likely seek a similar price in a sale. Convincing Chilwell to stay may be a challenge for Chelsea too given the options they currently have at left-back. Hall and Cucurella have shared the minutes at left-back during Chilwell's injury lay-off with the former establishing himself as a favourite under Potter. But Chilwell would have a clear route to regular starts at City following Cancelo's exit with the Portugal international reportedly set to leave on a permanent basis. Sergio Gomez is the only natural left-back in Guardiola's squad but is out of favour with the Spaniard with Rico Lewis and Nathan Ake filling in for the time being. Chilwell made his long-awaited return from injury off the bench last week against Fulham and will be hoping to win back his place in the starting line-up.