British tennis star Cameron Norrie won the fifth ATP singles title of his career by getting his sweet revenge over former world No.1 Carlos Alcaraz. Last year's US Open winner Alcaraz beat the British No.1 in the Argentina Open final a week earlier and said he felt guilty afterwards. World No.12 Norrie had to work hard for the ATP 500 title win after losing the opening set 5-7 against the world No.2. However, the British star came fighting back winning the next two sets 6-4,7-5 to secure his second title on clay. "I had to battle a lot of demons in the last couple of weeks but managed to play well in the big moments and that's what it took today," Norrie sad post-match. "It's so special to win this one especially after losing a couple of finals already this year. "I had to do it the tough way, I was a set and a break down and 0-30 on my serve. I managed to flick a switch and turn it around, so it was a good day." READ MORE: Carlos Alcaraz admits feeling 'guilty' after he beat Cam Norrie to Argentina Open title   Alcaraz lost his world No.1 status after missing last month's Australian Open due to a leg muscle injury, while he was also absent from the ATP Finals in Turin at the end of last year. The teenager was also unable to represent his country in the Davis Cup Finals during the 'most difficult' period of his young career. The Spaniard was competing in his second tournament of the year following the four-month injury lay-off, after winning the Argentina Open a week earlier. The 19-year-old showed signs of his injury and required physio treatment during the second set of his Rio Open defeat. DON'T MISS:  South African-born Norrie reached a career-high world No.8 last year after reaching the semi-final of Wimbledon. The 27-year-old won his first ATP Masters title at Indiana Wells in 2021 and is returning to America next month. Norrie will also partner fellow British star Emma Raducanu in a new mixed doubles event which is using an unusual Tie Break Tens format - with the seven-match tournament completed in one night. The pair will join together for the Eisenhower Cup on March 7 ahead of the Indian Wells Masters. 