With Cheltenham now under a month away, those in need of a final run before heading to The Festival are being turned out quickly. Several fan favourites head to Ascot this weekend in hope of strengthening their chances in March, with ITV covering all angles of the action. Viewers will be hoping to make this weekend one to remember by picking all of the seven winners in the ITV7 competition across the cards at Ascot, Haydock, Lingfield and Wincanton. Managing that feat will see a lucky viewer land the £50,000 prize pot – though that could be doubled if Bristol De Mai returns to winning ways in the 14.40. Express Sport shares their ITV7 picks… 14.05 Haydock – Itchy Feet (9/2) At the prices, Itchy Feet is not one to discount for the Olly Murphy yard in the opener. The nine-year-old bounced back to his form of old at Huntingdon last month when landing the spoils at 20/1 and he aims for the double here. The gelding is the joint-highest-rated runner in the field and may be underestimated by the market, especially receiving 4lb from Green Book. 14.13 Lingfield – Daphne May (15/8) Gary Moore looks to have found a great opportunity to record a quick-fire double with Daphne May. The five-year-old landed a touch at Lingfield last week and could repeat that feat against a field where plenty have a lot to prove. 14.25 Ascot – Revels Hill (6/1) Revels Hill shaped far better than the bare result at Sandown in December, and he could gain his comeuppance here. The gelding was hampered at a crucial stage in the race on that day before staying on well, and he is capable of bouncing back over this shorter trip for trainer Harry Fry. 14.40 Haydock – The Two Amigos (12/1) The Two Amigos looks overpriced in the Grand National Trial at Haydock and he could be one to catch ITV7 punters out. Nicky Martin’s trusty stable star shone in the Welsh National last time and is up only 5lbs for that success in what promises to be a real test. The 11-year-old is a gritty stayer and looks capable of making the frame at the very minimum. 15.00 Ascot – Djelo (8/1) Djelo is an interesting contender for the Venetia Williams yard in the handicap hurdle, with Shane Quinlan taking the ride. The gelding made a real impression on his handicap debut at Exeter in November, and a return to the 2m3f trip could see him replicate that performance. Djelo clearly has potential and he is an interesting contender with plenty with chances. 15.12 Wincanton – First Street (6/4) In a tricky small field to unpick, favourite First Street may be the one to be on. The selection had rivals Knappers Hill and I Like To Move It in behind at Cheltenham on New Year’s Day and should be able to confirm that form here. The six-year-old is expected to get the good ground that he wants at Wincanton and the drop back to 2miles is only a positive. 15.35 Ascot – Shishkin (9/4) It’s a brave decision to side with Shishkin after his underwhelming last two runs, but if is able to run close to form then he wins this race with ease. Nicky Henderson has stepped his stable star significantly up in trip, and that may be what he needs to bounce back after staying on well in the Tingle Creek late on.