Chelsea boss Graham Potter has hailed the professionalism of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang amid reports he could leave the club on loan. The striker is out of favour at Stamford Bridge and has been linked with MLS side LAFC. Aubameyang joined Chelsea from Barcelona on deadline day last summer. However, it hasn't gone to plan for either him or the club since. Chelsea sit ninth in the Premier League table and have struggled as a team in front of goal. Aubameyang only has three goals to his name but has been confined to just 10 starts in all competitions. The former Arsenal captain was axed from Chelsea's Champions League squad for the knockout rounds despite scoring twice in group stages earlier in the campaign. He has also fallen down the pecking order in the Premier League side. READ MORE: Guardiola hits back at Man City being 'already sentenced' in fiery defence  Potter was unable to provide any update over a possible loan move to the USA with LAFC. And he insists Aubameyang has behaved impeccably despite a difficult period of late. He said at a press conference: "No, nothing to report. He's been training with us this week and training really well. "He's conducted himself well, a really good professional, supporting his team-mates. As I said while he's here he's doing exactly what I expect him to do, which is to train well and act well." Aubameyang was linked with a move away in January. Barcelona and Atletico Madrid were reportedly keen on signing him. DON'T MISSMan Utd's Greenwood has problem even if club approve return to Ten Hag's teamMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawChelsea boss Potter warned he needs to meet two targets to avoid sack  However, Spanish football rules do not permit clubs to re-register a player in the same season, so he couldn't move back to Barca. Meanwhile, Atletico were unable to complete a deal because FIFA rules state players cannot play for three separate clubs in one campaign. Aubameyang made a substitute appearance at the beginning of the season for Barca to scupper any chance of a move to the Spanish capital. The MLS season starts in March and Aubameyang would be allowed to make that move as it is a fresh campaign. LAFC lost Gareth Bale when he announced his retirement from football last month. Aubameyang has been linked as a potential big-name replacement for the Welshman. However, he could stay at Chelsea for the remainder of the season to fight for his spot. Barca, Atletico and AC Milan are all claimed to be interested in signing the player in the summer.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here