Lucas Radebe lived a tough struggle before becoming a Leeds and Premier League icon. A child of apartheid South Africa, the former defender admits he carried a knife and was once shot following his first audition against an English club. As a youngster, Radebe would regularly attend anti-apartheid rallies in his hometown of Soweto. He was actively engaged in the protest movement that defined that era of South African history. Radebe saw friends die in the violence and attended the funerals of those close to him. Football presented the youngster with an escape, and he admits that the sport allowed him to stay away from violence. “I was actively involved in the struggle [against the government] in my own way. I protested. I was angry. A lot of us grew up very angry,” he said in a 2021 interview with the Independent, in which he also candidly spoke of carrying a knife. “Some of my friends died, others were sent to jail. That was my destiny until my mother intervened. She sent me away. She saved my life.” JUST IN: New Super League explained - Four key changes as Perez and co return It was only a request by his parents to move Radebe to the much safer areas to the north of Johannesburg that his football career took off. The then-teenager starred in the South African amateur leagues and had professional clubs begging him to sign. Kaizer Chiefs owner Kaizer Motaung convinced the former centre-back to sign while continuing his studies. Scouts from across Europe flooded to the Chiefs’ games to watch the now-53-year-old. Radebe starred in an exhibition friendly against Premier League club Crystal Palace in 1992. Eagles chairman Ron Noades had controversially accepted an invite to become the first English club to play in South Africa since 1963. But tragedy soon struck for Radebe as scouts continued to admire his performances. He was buying his mum a drink in a bar when he heard a loud bang. It took a while for him to realise he had been shot. DON'T MISS...Man Utd proven right as Jamie Carragher performs huge Martinez U-turnFernandes comments on Man Utd squad speak volumes ahead of LeedsMan Utd star Antony shows off new look after missing Leeds draw While he remained in hospital undergoing surgery, Radebe missed a game in which Turkish giants Besiktas had promised to watch him. A move to the club never materialised, but his dream switch did finally come when Leeds came calling in 1994. Radebe recalls some early incidents of racial abuse, including an individual calling the club secretary to ask if Leeds would be “overrun by blacks”. A complaint to a steward after a fan directed a racial slur in Radebe’s direction after he was sent off in a game against Leicester “fell on deaf ears”. He would go on to become a legendary figure at Leeds and is largely credited in the city as an outside figure who changed the politics of the community. “I was a stranger from across the world. I didn’t look like them. My culture was completely different to theirs,” Radebe, who made 256 appearances in an 11-year spell, recalls. “Leeds had a reputation for being the most racist city and I experienced a lot of it around the country. But they welcomed me like a brother. Like a son. I’ll never forget the love they showed me.”