For all the recent signs of progress, the Democratic Unionists still seem unwilling to give any ground and are being supported by Brexiteer hardliners in the Tory Party.  But Rishi Sunak should stand firm and push his deal through. The DUP are unrepresentative of Northern Irish opinion, having received less than a quarter of the votes in the last Stormont elections. Moreover, the party’s representatives are hiding behind the EU trade issue as an excuse to avoid taking their seats at Stormont again. If they returned, they would have to accept a Sinn Fein First Minister, a step which they find abhorrent. No Conservatives should play this ugly game, which shows no recognition of historic and political reality in Ulster. Given the province’s split identities and heritage, a compromise about the border is the only possible way forward. Rigid constitutional purity is a road that will lead back to conflict.  At last a blow for sanity has been struck against the fashionable progressive dogma eroding our national integrity. This week a special immigration tribunal ruled that the Home Office had been legally justified in its decision to strip jihadi bride Shamima Begum of her British citizenship in 2019 after she joined the terror group ISIS, then waging a barbaric campaign in Syria.  The news sparked predictable outrage from Left-wing lawyers and social justice warriors who, bizarrely, have turned this supporter of an infamous death cult into a poster girl for human rights. But the court’s verdict was correct. For a start, the intelligence services believe she may still be a security risk, while there is a fundamental contradiction between her act of treachery towards this country and her demand that Britain should now take responsibility for her welfare. Nor is her pose of victimhood convincing. Whilst the court concluded she had been “groomed” and “trafficked” for “sexual exploitation”, she eagerly immersed herself in jihadist material in London, then expressed her support for the extremist cause once embedded with ISIS.  This is a woman who is reported to have sewed explosives into suicide bombers’ vests. It is a reflection of our judicial culture’s warped values that so much time and money has had to be spent on this grotesque cheerleader for inhumanity, when there are so many more deserving cases at home, like real victims of crime and abuse. Begum made her choice and should live with the consequences. The British state, which she treated with contempt, owes her nothing.  Sadly, there is a dramatic contrast between the isolated toughness shown towards Begum and the prevailing feebleness of our border controls. These chronic weaknesses allow people traffickers to operate with impunity in the English Channel, pushing up the numbers using this illegal route to a record 45,000 last year. The backlog of asylum claims has swelled by 50,000 in the last 12 months to over 150,000, so the taxpayer is now forking out £7million-a-day to provide accommodation for those whose claims are being processed. This expensive shambles is not sustainable. It is disastrous not only for the state finances but also for social cohesion and public order. In a climate of anarchy without proper checks or restrictions, imported criminality flourishes. Only last month, Afghan asylum seeker Lawangeen Abdulrahimzai, who had been convicted of murder in Serbia but had arrived here with a bogus identity as a child refugee, was sentenced to life imprisonment for killing a young man in Bournemouth. Yet the Home Office shows no determination to tackle this mess. More unfit for purpose than ever, fixated on the ideology of diversity, it attaches little importance to the restoration of proper border controls.  That outlook is encapsulated in a recent message sent by Permanent Secretary Matthew Rycroft, in which he said his department’s top three priorities are helping the victims of the Windrush saga, ending violence against women and the expansion “of global talent visa routes”. No mention of dealing with illegal immigration or the asylum backlog. Productivity by asylum staff seems to have collapsed, with each processing just one claim a week on average. In desperation, Ministers announced yesterday that 12,000 asylum seekers from five countries – Eritrea, Libya, Syria, Afghanistan and Yemen – will have their claims assessed, not by interview, but through a questionnaire. It is thought that under this process, 95 percent of applications will be accepted. The plan might enable the Government to massage the asylum clearance figures and provide the illusion of progress, but in practice, it amounts to an amnesty that will reinforce the message that Britain is the softest of touches. That is not a solution to the crisis but a surrender to chaos.  One benefit of Harry and Meghan’s Moan-a-thon is that it seems to have obliterated Meghan’s chances of a bid for the White House. Polls show the pair’s popularity in the USA sinking rapidly. An addiction to self-pity is no qualification for the leadership of the west. The De Havilland Mosquito was one of the most remarkable planes of the Second World War. With its unique wooden structure, tremendous speed and versatility, it performed brilliantly in a host of different roles from night fighter to the maritime bomber. But unlike those three other RAF legends, the Spitfire, the Hurricane and the Lancaster, it never received the credit that it deserved. Now that neglect might be rectified by the work of enthusiasts at the People’s Mosquito project, based in Sussex, which aims to get one of these captivating aircraft back in the sky. There could be no better way to raise the Mosquito’s public recognition.  Articulate, moderate and more competent than most of her colleagues in the Scottish Nationalist Government, Kate Forbes was widely seen as the front-runner to succeed Nicola Sturgeon as First Minister. But that was before she came under ferocious attack for her traditional Christian beliefs, which she follows as a member of the Free Church of Scotland. Because she privately thinks, in accordance with her faith, that children should be brought up by a couple in wedlock and that marriage should only take place between a man and a woman, she is denounced for her supposed bigotry and intolerance. In just a few days, she has gone from a credible candidate to a hated heretic.  Yet the real bigots are the self-righteous SNP zealots who cannot abide any deviation from their woke orthodoxy. They are the ones who resemble the Protestant “fire and brimstone” mob of the 17th century as they embark on their witch-hunt. They are the ones with outlandish convictions like their worship of the transgender creed which compels them to deny biological reality and pretend that a male rapist with a penis is a woman. Humza Yousaf, the Scottish Health Secretary and now the favourite to win the leadership battle, was the architect of Scotland’s sinister hate crime legislation. North of the border basic freedoms have been crushed. Kate Forbes looks like she will be the most high-profile victim of this bleak, quasi-Calvanist approach.  The great England fast bowler James Anderson led England to victory in the first Test v New Zealand with seven wickets and now, at 40, has climbed to the very top of the official player ranking. His youthful spirit is incredible, his defiance of his years inspirational. No one better embodies the concept that age is just a number.