The Duchess of Sussex's old blog posts have become the subject of scrutiny in recent weeks after royal experts question the validity of some claims she made. In a newly surfaced post, the former Suits actor wrote a heartfelt Father's Day about her now estranged dad, revealing the once close relationship the pair shared. Meghan has previously spoken about her close relationship with her mother but has made few, if any, comments about her father's co-parenting. She was just two years old when her parents separated, and six when they divorced. In an episode of her podcast, Archetypes, Meghan spoke with a guest about single parenthood and explained: "With this episode on my brain, it got me thinking about all the ways my mom supported me, how she took care of me and the house and herself… and how she just juggled so much." The Duchess has been estranged from her dad, Thomas Markle, since 2018 after he staged paparazzi photos with a British tabloid and spoke to the press, just days before her wedding to Prince Harry. But the fractured relationship, which Harry described as "incredibly sad", doesn't always appear to have been this way, according to her old blog posts. In a 2014 Father's Day post on her now-defunct blog, The Tig, Meghan wrote: "I think of so many moments with my dad. Our club sandwich & fruit smoothie tradition post my tap & ballet class - classes, which by the way, he religiously took me to on Saturday mornings after working 75+ hours a week as a lighting director. "The fishing trips along the Kern River and Big Bear Lake to catch catfish or trout and cook it up for dinner, and the commitment he made to lighting my high school musicals so that they felt as grand as a Broadway show. "The blood, sweat and tears this man (who came from so little in a small town of Pennsylvania, where Christmas stockings were filled with oranges, and dinners were potatoes and spam) invested in my future so that I could grow up to have so much." She went on to say that he helped turn her bathroom into a darkroom when she was 12 and "wanted to be a photographer", and put gas in her car so she could travel to auditions. READ MORE: Everyone is 'fed up' with Sussexes as they went too far, says ex-MP The post continued: "And that, right there, is the point: my dad taught me to find my light. And he taught me to always make my own box. "To my dad – my thoughtful, inspiring, hardworking daddy – Happy Father’s Day. ‘If I had all the water in the world, I’d give all the water to you…’ (You won’t get that quote, but he will. And for Father’s Day, that’s all that matters)." The resurfacing of the post, which has been described by several royal commentators as "heartbreaking", follows the Duchess' comments about her broken relationship with her dad during her recent Netflix series, Harry & Meghan. It comes as Meghan's half-sister, Samantha Markle, has launched a defamation case against Meghan claiming she made "demonstrably false and malicious statements" about her including that she grew up as an only child - a remark she made during the Sussex's infamous 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey. Despite the close relationship with her dad, revealed in the 2014 blog post, Meghan doesn't appear to have made any reference to her older half-sister or half-brother, Thomas Markle Jnr. Another resurfaced blog post from The Tig, which was deactivated months after she started Prince Harry, has been scrutinised including comments she made about having little knowledge about the Royal Family. In one post, from 2014, Meghan wrote that "little girls dream of being princess", revealing that she dreamed of being a "royal rebel" rather than "a Cinderella" and referred to Prince William and Kate's wedding. She wrote: "Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate." In his book, Spare, Harry said Meghan knew "almost nothing about" his relatives before the couple met. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews