Frank Randall (played by Tobias Menzies) was put through the wringer in Outlander after his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) abandoned him twice for her highlander husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) in the 18th Century. Although he wasn’t the best husband in either the Starz series or the original books, some clues from author Diana Gabaldon could be foreshadowing his return to the series. Warning - this article contains possible spoilers for Outlander seasons seven and eight. Author Gabaldon has been stirring up more theories regarding the eventual conclusion to her bestselling time-travel series. If the smash-hit Starz drama based on her books follows the storyline, Claire’s first husband Frank could play a major part in Outlander’s final two seasons. In a recent Facebook update, the writer treated her followers to a short extract from a potential new book written from Frank’s point-of-view, tentatively titled What Frank Knew. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Frank’s actions in both the novels and the live-action adaptation have divided fans, but Gabaldon reminded them they only know him from Claire’s perspective. The extract concludes: “Both history and intelligence work give you a unique appreciation for truth; I’ll say that much. So does being married.” She also commented: “You may not actually know whether you like him or not. All you know is what Claire told you…” This has led one fan to believe Gabaldon has been slowly sowing the seeds for Frank’s redemption and will be brought back to save Claire and Jamie in some way in her final novel of the series. Redditor u/OutlanderMom posted: “I’m afraid Diana is going to end the story with Frank as the hero. “He discovered documents about Claire in the past, and then Bree there too. He goes to the elaborate trouble of putting the headstones where they would find them and training Bree to shoot and camp. “He leaves the letter about the ‘funny buggers’ watching Bree. Diana’s worked hard to redirect us from disliking Frank, and I’m hoping she doesn’t make Jamie and Claire a prop in a time travel espionage game.” In the novels, Frank goes so far as to make a fake headstone for Jamie, which eventually led Claire back to her husband in the past. DON'T MISS:Magnum PI’s Jay Hernandez turned down ‘intimidating’ role [INSIGHT]Bridgerton corsets ‘banned’ after health and safety complaints [NEWS]House of the Dragon’s Ser Qarl ‘alive’ as season 2 return teased [EXCLUSIVE] However, the decision to portray Frank in a heroic light could prove controversial as he was frequently depicted as a controlling husband during Claire’s time in the 20th Century. u/pest0pasta_ replied: “Oh God no, no thanks. She’s also underestimating the power Jamie and Claire have on fans! “Even if Frank does come out the hero, everyone will find a way to minimise it I think.” Although u/mrsisaak argued: “Yes, I want Frank to be the hero in the end and I love how coy DG is.” “It would be such a great twist!” they added when asked to explain. “I always felt like there was more to the St. Kilda's [headstone] story and there's a reason why DG defends Frank. And everyone demonises Frank. DG never has black and white people.” For now, Menzies’ return in seasons seven and eight hasn’t been confirmed, so fans may have to wait for Gabaldon’s final novel to discover if their theories were true. Outlander season 7 premieres summer 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.