Tom Sizemore, 61, was rushed to the hospital at 2am yesterday after suffering a brain aneurysm and becoming unconscious, his manager Charles Lago has confirmed. Someone found the actor and quickly called 911. EMS crews then transported Tom to a local hospital, where he was listed in critical condition in the Intensive Care Unit.  "He is in the hospital," Lago told FOX News. "His family is aware of the situation and are hoping for the best. "It is too early to know about [a] recovery situation as he is in critical condition under observation." READ MORE: Alex Scott risks flashing too much in leggy gown at pre-BAFTAs party A veteran of the screen, Tom has been working frequently, appearing in a large variety of indie films over the past several years. Last year alone, he appeared in no less than ten films, including titles like Bullet Train Down, Damon's Revenge, and Battle for Pandora. He also served as one of the main cast members of the Tubi series Barbee Rehab, which premiered on the free streaming platform in 2022. He also won awards in recent years for his roles in C.L.E.A.N., Project Skyquake, The Electric Man, and Amber Road. Tom is known for his roles in the war movies Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down, and Pearl Harbour. The actor has also appeared in other well-known films like Born on the Fourth of July, True Romance, Natural Born Killers, and Heat. Tom’s small screen work includes recurring roles in China Beach, Crash, Hawaii Five-0, The Red Road, Shooter, and the Twin Peaks revival. He also was a frequent star on reality shows, at one point starring in his own series, Shooting Sizemore, and appearing in multiple seasons of Celebrity Rehab. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson injects tooth whitener into leg after mishap (PHOTOS)Joan Collins looks glamorous as ever as she cosies up to Percy| (NEWS) Vanessa Felt's ex Ben branded 'womaniser' by lady he had affair with (LATEST) With the Tubi series Barbee Rehab, Tom explained that the show gave him a little bit of hesitancy at first because of his real-life issues, but he took on the role because it was so over-the-top and not focused on drugs. "There was some [hesitation], but it was so goofy and so not like rehab that I got over it," Tom told Decider. "Plus, it wasn’t about drugs. It’s about obsessions and compulsions and…Barbees!" Commenting on how he enjoyed delving into something much more comedic than he was usually doing with his roles, Tom added, "I did a lot of comedy when I was a younger actor in the theatre, but my movie career... "It wasn’t something that predominated at all, and I’ve always wanted to do it, so this was a good opportunity. "And it was fun. It was more like sketch comedy. It was cool."