Dan Walker shared a series of shocking images of his bloodied face following the horrific accident. He wrote on Twitter: "Bit of an accident this morning. Glad to be alive after getting hit by a car on my bike." The Channel 5 presenter added that while his "face is a mess" he doesn't think "anything is broken". Dan also thanked paramedics named Shaun and Jamie as well as a "lovely copper at the scene" for "sorting me out". Despite the frightening events, Dan still seemed to be in good spirits as he attempted to smile in the photographs from a hospital bed. He concluded his worrying post by saying: "Thankful for our NHS." READ MORE:Helen Mirren awkwardly corrects Alison Hammond over Queen at BAFTA  Dan's post was flooded with comments from his concerned friends. Alan Hardy wrote: "Simply awful, so sorry Dan. Hate my boys out cycling, I’m on tender hooks and this is why. Recover soon pal and hope it’s just cuts and bruises." Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse added: "Oh wow !!! Get well soon." TV presenter Mark Clemmit said: "Mate…..Much love from us."  And ITV's Sally Biddulph echoed: "So glad you are OK Dan, what a shock. Rest up and feel better soon." Dan previously spoke about how much he enjoyed cycling. Following his Strictly stint in 2021, he said taking up cycling was an "eco" decision and boasted that he could get around London quicker than if he was in a car. He told the Mirror: "It's an eco thing. I've worked in London and taxies are a nightmare and I started to get around on the bike. "I can go from Downing Street to St Pancras in about 15 minutes, and it's about 30 minutes in a taxi so although I feel like a bit of a geek sometimes. "I'm very much enjoying it." Dan did not expand on where the accident took place. On Sunday night, he shared a photograph of the sunset from his home in Sheffield. He wrote: "Beautiful sky in Sheffield tonight. "I hope you’ve had a decent weekend. See you back on the telly tomorrow." Dan joined the Channel 5 team last year and hosts the channel's flagship news bulletin, 5 News. It airs weekdays at 5pm.