  Andrea McLean, 53, recently opened up about her decision to quit ITV panel show Loose Women on the The Emma Guns Show podcast. The This Girl Is On Fire founder admitted that back when she voiced her idea to quit and start up a project of her own, she was told she was “mad” to leave her stable job behind.      Asked how those around her reacted to her life-changing decision to quit Loose Women, Andrea confirmed that not many people thought she was making the right choice. “Yeah, everybody told me I was mad,” Andrea told Emma with a laugh. “So before I decided to quit my job, I took a lot of advice. “Because it's a big decision. So obviously, I asked my agent at the time who understands this landscape more than anyone else. “And we had a group meeting, there were a few of us, and there was a resolution passed that I was mad to think that this is going to work. READ MORE: Piers Morgan brands Fawlty Towers reboot a 'terrible idea'     “So I thought, ‘Okay, right. That's their take on it.’ And then I booked an appointment to see one of the top PR guys in the UK.” While Andrea didn’t specify who the PR professional was, she did confirm he was an industry-leading expert on the subject. “Now this man is hugely successful,” the presenter continued. “He runs the careers of huge stars. “And I contacted him and said, ‘I'm not on your books, but can I just have a coffee with you and just ask you some advice?’       “And he really kindly said yes, so I went along and I explained what I was going to do. “And he said, ‘You're mad - the waters will close over your head, you will disappear and no one will care. “‘You're thinking that because you're going to do something that is a really beautiful idea that people will be as behind it as you are, but they won’t. “‘So I would strongly advise you to stay where you are and keep doing both.’ READ MORE... Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [UPDATE] Radio 2's 'purge of old-timers' has 'backfired', blasts Karren Brady [LATEST] Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards [NEWS]      “So I said ‘Thank you very much’ and went home and did it anyway,” Andrea concluded with resolve. Andrea persevered and ended up pursuing her dream project, This Girl Is On Fire, which she continues to run. In June 2021, she also became a certified life coach alongside husband Nick Feeney, who has been incredibly supportive of the star. Andrea has been married three times: first to Nick Green between 2000 and 2005, then to Steve Toms from 2009 to 2012 and finally to her beloved husband Nick, whom she wed in 2017.       Andrea left her position as Loose Women anchor back in 2020 after 13 years on the show. Last year, the presenter spoke to Express.co.uk about how she was plunged into the menopause at 46 after she had to undergo a hysterectomy. The star described how it wasn’t until later in 2016 that her early menopause became public knowledge, when she began experiencing menopause symptoms live on the popular ITV chat show - and she has been a source of wisdom on the subject ever since. Speaking about that time, she reflected on how valuable it had been, saying: “It meant that I started down a road of, ‘Right, how can I help people?’” The Emma Guns Show podcast is available now via streaming services.   