The Royal Family "fully expect" that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will attend the King's Coronation, but are reportedly "on edge" about a potential reconciliation with the pair. The couple, who stepped away from their positions as senior working royals in 2020, have been in an ongoing feud with the family for some time, heightened since their departure. A source, close to the Royal Family, have claimed that the family are "spitting feathers" about some of the allegations made by the Duke of Sussex in his highly-anticipated memoir, Spare. The 38-year-old used his memoir, and accompanying interviews, to fire various allegations towards a few members of the Royal Family, including the King and Prince William. The source said: "Members of the family have told me that both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that. "And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the Royal Family will be willing to discuss… and that’s the weather." READ MORE: Charles 'dotes' on all his grandchildren but one brings out his 'fun' side Invites for the upcoming Coronation, which will take place in May, are expected to be sent out imminently. As the couple will be expecting an invite, the Royal Family will be holding out fairly soon to hear a response on their attendance. A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk that a "detailed plan is underway to ensure the couple do not overshadow the proceedings in any way". They confirmed that Meghan and Harry are "on the list" and that "planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama". READ MORE: Meghan Markle will have 'perfect excuse' for Coronation no-show, claims expert Government advisers are reportedly also putting plans in place in case Prince Harry, alone, decides to attend the event. The Coronation ceremony, which will take place in London on May 6, also happens to fall on Harry and Meghan's little boy, Archie's fourth birthday. Royal expert Charles Rae recently told GB News that the date chosen for the Coronation could be a "perfect excuse" for Meghan to not make an appearance as she may want to celebrate her son's big day in the US. During an interview for ITV to promote his memoir Spare, Harry was asked about his attendance at the Coronation. DON'T MISS He told Tom Bradby, who has been a friend of Harry's for over two decades, that "a lot that can happen between now and then." He added that the "door is always open" and that "the ball is in their court." All other members of the Royal Family are expected to be in attendance, including the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Earl and Countess of Wessex. The 74-year-old King, who ascended the throne in September, will be crowned alongside his wife, Camilla, the Queen Consort.