Joe Biden stormed out of a press conference yesterday after a reporter questioned the 46th President about his ties with China. The 80-year-old Commander-in-Chief addressed journalists for seven-minutes about a suspected Beijing spy balloon and three yet-to-be-identified objects.  Following his statement, US journalists and reporters from overseas outlets proceeded to simultaneously ask questions, creating a cacophony of noise. A reporter asked: "Is your ability to deal with China compromised by your family's business relationships in China?" Biden dismissively chuckled: "Give me a break, man." The reported added: "Does your son still co-own a company with Chinese Government entities?" JUST IN: Joe Biden, 80, ‘mentally fit’ to be US President but physician reveals one problem Responding to another journalist who attempted to ask the POTUS about a potential overreaction, Biden said: "You can come to my office and ask a question when you have more polite people with you." The Biden family are said to have links with state-backed Chinese companies, with Hunter Biden allegedly still owning a 10 percent stake in Beijing-backed BHR Partners. However, the 46th POTUS has insisted there would be no family-business-related conflicts of interest during his stint in the White House. Hunter Biden’s attorney Chris Clark said in late 2021 that the BHR stake had been divested but neither he nor the White House has provided further information on the supposed transaction. READ MORE: Trump 'not pulling punches' after Biden's State of Union as he plots 'greatest comeback' The President briefly turned back as he faced down a Polish journalist who asked why he was going to visit Warsaw to mark the anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Biden proceeded to leave the room as he completely ignored a question on when he will speak to his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping. Capitol Hill journalists frequently shout over one another as they compete to get a response from the President. DON'T MISSGreene in brutal swipe at Nikki Haley as she rejects 'Bush in heels' [REVEALED]Erin Brockovich urges residents to leave site of toxic train crash [INSIGHT]Man froze to death after being put in prison freezer as 'punishment' [SPOTLIGHT] However, according to the New York Post, journalists claimed Biden was trying to call on NBC News' Peter Alexander. Biden later granted Alexander with an exclusive interview moments after he stormed out of the room. Addressing how spy balloons impact foreign relations, Biden told Alexander: "I think the last thing that Xi wants is to fundamentally rip the relationship with the United States and with me." 