Charles Bronson’s long-lost son claims his dad sends sex toys to his dozen girlfriends outside prison. George Bamby-Salvador discusses his father’s fight for freedom in a new two-part Channel 4 series.    The notorious criminal, who was first jailed for armed robbery in 1974 at the age of 22, remains in prison due to a slew of offences whilst in prison, including hostage-taking. George says the 70-year-old Bronson sends his lovers x-rated instruments, accompanied by a note saying: "I’ll be out in a few months but, until then, here’s something to keep you occupied." In Bronson: Fit To Be Free?, the infamous prisoner says: "I’ve sent out 12 [sex toys] in the last 12 months". Bronson, who has married twice in prison, changed his name from Michael Peterson during a short stint in the outside world in the 1980s. Whilst back in prison in 1985, Bronson staged a three-day rooftop protest. In 1994 he held a prison librarian hostage, demanding an inflatable doll, a helicopter and a cup of tea. In 1998, the Luton-born convict held three other inmates hostage in London’s Belmarsh prison. A year later, whilst in HMP Hull, Bronson took a prison education worker hostage for nearly two days. This incident earned him a discretionary life term, with a minimum of four years. In 2014, his term was extended again, this time by another two years, for holding a prison governor in a headlock in Milton Keynes’ HMP Woodhill. Despite being refused parole in 2017, Bronson, who now goes by Charles Salvador, in homage to Salvador Dali, won a case in 2020 in which he argued for a public parole hearing. Bronson's public parole hearing is taking place on 6 and 8 March at the Royal Courts of Justice in the capital. Bronson hasn’t been seen speaking on camera in thirty years. He became aware of his son George thanks to a DNA test in 2017. Since the news about their relationship, George has been visiting Bronson. Bronson now admits: "I’ve got a horrible, violent, nasty past, but I've never killed anybody and I’ve never hurt a woman. "I’m focused, I’m settled, I can actually smell and taste freedom like I’ve never, ever done in my life. "I’m now anti-crime and anti-violence. So why the f*** am I still in prison?" That said, Bronson doesn’t regret his violent actions. "You can’t go through life regretting your life," he says. "I used to run around with guns and I was violent, so I deserved to go to jail. But I don’t regret that because that was my life."