Manchester City legend Yaya Toure's controversial former agent, Dimitri Seluk, has offered to assist with an independent commission's investigation into the Sky Blues. Seluk and manager Pep Guardiola were involved in a fiery spat during Toure's time at the Etihad, leading the agent to declare 'war'. Toure left clubs managed by Guardiola twice during his distinguished career. He first fled Barcelona in 2010 when the Spaniard opted for Sergio Busquets as his preferred defensive midfielder, while he also ditched the Etihad in 2018, two years after Guardiola took charge. The spat with Seluk began when Toure was left out of Guardiola's Champions League squad in 2016/17. The Ukrainian served as the City star's agent throughout his time at the Etihad and claimed that his omission from the squad was an attempt at 'humiliation'. Guardiola then warned that Toure would never wear City blue again unless Seluk apologised, but instead of caving in to the manager's request, he responded in typically combative fashion. DON'T MISS: Leeds sack Jesse Marsch as internal boardroom tension grows "If Pep Guardiola wants a war, then he can have one," he said. "Pep didn't like my opinion? But what does he expect me to say when he does this to Yaya? I spoke out because I felt that Pep was being vindictive to Yaya. Unfortunately for Pep, we live in a world where you have the right to free speech. "He has reacted to what I have said about him by punishing Yaya again. But I'm not surprised. Pep doesn't want players with personality. He only wants players who are scared of him and will do what he says. Will I apologise? Well, I have learned that you must never say never. But will Pep apologise to Yaya? Will he apologise to Joe Hart or Manuel Pellegrini? Look what Guardiola did to Pellegrini. He took his job when he was still fighting for titles." READ MORE...Arsenal target Milinkovic-Savic 'makes irreversible transfer decision'Man City issue defiant statement as allegations rock Guardiola's sideMan Utd fans fume as new footage shows Fred being 'choked' vs Palace Seluk has since offered to help with the current investigation into charges of breaking financial rules for a number of years. A secret payment to the agent is believed to be among the charges, although he has insisted that everything was above board. When asked whether he had received a secret payment, Seluk told The Guardian: "No, everything was transparent, there was nothing on the back side [secret]. I am interested to see what happens as this was a surprise. Yaya, of course, paid everything – tax and everything. It was all transparent. "Of course [I would be willing to speak to the independent commission]. I would tell them the same."  City could face any number of punishments if they are found guilty of the charges brought against them, including fines, transfer bans, spending limits, points deductions, being stripped of their Premier League titles or even being expelled from the division. If they are subject to the latter option, they may end up tumbling all the way down to the fifth tier amid claims that the EFL would have no obligation to accept the club in their 72-team pyramid. City insiders supposedly feel that a punishment is still some way off, with the club set to fight the charges tooth and nail.