Shoppers using supermarket corner shops are charged far more than customers at their superstore equivalents, says Which? It found those doing their big shop at Tesco convenience stores could end up spending more than £800 extra a year than regulars picking up the same items at big branches.  Which? retail experts analysed the prices of own-label and branded items at the two largest traditional supermarket convenience chains, Tesco Express and Sainsbury’s Local. They compared the bills with the same items at their larger equivalents or bought online. Shoppers buying 75 items at Tesco Express, including Anchor spreadable butter, a Hovis white bread loaf and own-brand milk would be spending an extra £15.73 on average a week than those shopping online or at a larger Tesco store. That is £818 more over a year. At Sainsbury’s, Which? compared the prices of 69 groceries including Heinz tomato soup, McVitie’s biscuits and Birds Eye potato waffles – and found that shoppers using Sainsbury’s Local would have spent an extra £477.93 in 12 months. While supermarket prices fluctuate all the time, the analysis revealed steep markups at both Sainsbury’s Local and Tesco Express stores on individual items. Own-label sweet potatoes were 95p on average when bought online or at a big Tesco but £1.30 on average at Tesco Express – a difference of 37 percent.  At Sainsbury’s the worst offender was Heinz cream of tomato soup, which was £1.15 online and at the larger store, but £1.37 at Sainsbury’s Local – a 19 percent markup. Sue Davies, Which? head of food policy, said: “Shopping at a supermarket ­convenience shop rather than a bigger store comes at a cost – at a time when soaring grocery prices are putting huge pressure on household budgets.” Which? called for the big stores to target promotions at those most in need. A Sainsbury’s spokesman said: “Our local stores are in city or town centre locations and their operating costs, for ­example, rent and rates, are higher.” Tesco refused to comment. 