George Russell has teased when Mercedes could bring big upgrades in a bid to close the gap to Red Bull. The 25-year-old claims the team could be on the back foot at the first race next weekend after the team struggled with mechanical issues on Friday. However, the Mercedes youngster claims the team could have something in the pipeline for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola in May. He told Sky Sports F1: “I think when you look at the calendar as a whole you've got five races in the first two and a half, three months. “Whereas at the end of the season, you’ve probably got 10 or 11 in the same time span. This season's going to be won or lost in the midway to the end of the season, it's not going to be won or lost in the first five races. “As much as we want to go out there and win next weekend in Bahrain and we are going to give it everything to achieve that. We know it's more important we have the right car in the right window from race six onwards because that’s where the big points will be won.” READ MORE: Mercedes in 'unplanned' meeting with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell Ted Kravitz claimed Russell's comments had revealed key details about the team’s development timetable. He explained: “Did he let slip when he mentioned race six, which is Imola. I mean they've got to bring the upgrades at some point and he did say race six which is Imola. So I'm expecting the upgrade package, the much-anticipated Mercedes upgrade package to come in for Imola.” Russell’s car ground to a halt with around 90 minutes left of Friday's session as the team suffered a hydraulics failure. It was a blow to the Silver Arrows programme with fears the German manufacturer may be lacking pace compared to Max Verstappen and Red Bull. Russell claimed the issue could be solved but admitted the team was likely to lack pace to their rivals. When pushed on where Mercedes thought they stood after two days of running, Russell was still confident the tram could find form. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell rules out Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes hopes in Bahrain [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff admits Mercedes are using tactic to throw off Red Bull [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff makes big Mercedes claim in boost to Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT] He added: “I wouldn't say on the back foot. I think this team has a history of being very good at development throughout the season. I think it's important you don't throw everything into one basket when it comes to delivering the optimum package in race one. “It's making sure you have a package that you can easily develop and easily find greater performance later down the line. If I had to tell you right here, right now how it's going to pan out next week I think we are going to be a little bit behind Red Bull, they look in a very strong state at the moment. “We haven’t unlocked everything yet but I’d like to think eventually we would catch them up.”