Boris Johnson delivered a hilarious answer when asked who he would rather be stuck in a lift with between the Labour leader or the Scottish First Minister. Tory MP Nadine Dorries, interviewing the former prime minister, asked: "If you're stuck in the lift, who would you rather be stuck with? Keir Starmer or Nicola Sturgeon." In response, Mr Johnson exclaimed: "Oh brother!" But, clarifying his answer, he continued: "Actually, it's like all these things - I'm sure the viewers would understand this - both individuals are actually far nicer and more amusing than you might otherwise imagine. "And the kind of hostility that you see between politicians on screen is often not reflected in real life. "I think provided it wasn't like 50 floors I wouldn't mind either of them." Speaking about Mr Johnson's answer in a separate interview with Talk TV, Ms Dorries explained that "misunderstood" Boris Johnson is "not your small talk man". She said that the former Prime Minister is "actually quite a shy man", admitting that most people find that "very difficult to believe". The former Culture Secretary continued: "To be stuck in a social situation of having to make small talk for fifty floors in an elevator with two other people, I think he would find excruciating. "That's not to say he's not an amazing raconteur and conversationalist, he is. But I think that's part of the reason he would die at that. She added: "He's not the man that he's made out to be.  "It's not just me, everybody that knows him well would tell you that the person that is painted by much of the meida - because of Brexit and because of Covid and of a lot of reasons - is not the person that actually exists." Mr Johnson's full interview with Ms Dorries will air at 8pm this evening, just one day after Prime Minister Rishi Sunak sat down with Piers Morgan on the same channel. This comes amid speculation that Mr Johnson is planning a comeback as Prime Minister. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon skewered over 'discredited' £1.3bn council plan [REACTION]Sadiq Khan confronted by heckler furious at ULEZ expansion [REPORT]Boris eyes comeback as MP to 'come out guns blazing' on Brexit deal [INSIGHT] He is currently in the United States on a trip which has been branded a "comeback tour". The recently ousted Prime Minister was in Washington DC this week visiting senior Republicans and gave an interview to Fox News where he criticised his successor for not sending fighter jets to Ukraine in its war with Russia. Mr Sunak's interview last night saw him tell Mr Morgan that he is "financially fortunate", when he was challenged on being "stinking rich". The Prime Minister insisted that what matters was his "values", saying that he had been brought up to work "incredibly hard".