According to nutritionists, women who are going through the menopause should change their diet to align with the change in their hormones. Each woman is different, meaning a certain diet might not work for everyone, but Kunal Makwana, personal trainer and founder of KMAK Fitness, has shared his best diet and exercise regime for menopausal women. He told Express.co.uk: “Eating a healthy and balanced diet that is low in added sugars and saturated fats can help manage weight. “Eating more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and lean proteins can help provide the nutrients needed while reducing calorie intake. Limiting processed foods and alcohol intake can also be helpful.” Kunal went on to reveal a daily meal plan for menopausal women. Breakfast could be whole grain toast with avocado and a boiled egg, Greek yoghurt with berries and almonds, or oatmeal with almond milk, banana, and a spoonful of almond butter. For lunch, grilled chicken breast with roasted vegetables and brown rice could be a good option, or a turkey and cheese sandwich with a side of fruit. Lentil soup with whole grain crackers could also be a good idea, according to Kunal. As for snacks, Kunal recommended: apple slices with almond butter, carrot sticks with hummus, or nuts and dried fruit. As for dinner, slimmers could try grilled salmon with roasted sweet potatoes and steamed broccoli, chicken stir-fry with brown rice and mixed vegetables, or whole wheat pasta with marinara sauce and a side salad. Kunal said: “This meal plan emphasises a balance of healthy carbohydrates, proteins, and fats, as well as plenty of fruits and vegetables.  “It is also important to keep portion sizes in mind and to drink plenty of water throughout the day,” he added. As for exercise, aerobic exercise such as brisk walking, cycling, swimming, can help burn calories and improve cardiovascular health. Resistance training such as weight lifting or body weight exercises can also be helpful for maintaining muscle mass and metabolism. But how to start slowly incorporating exercise into one’s routine? Kunal advised setting realistic goals, saying: “Start with small, achievable goals and gradually increase the intensity and duration of your exercise over time. “Choose an activity you enjoy. It's easier to stick with an exercise routine if you enjoy the activity, so choose something you find fun and engaging.” Kunal added: “Remember, consistency is key when starting an exercise routine. “Try to stick with it even if it feels difficult at first, and you will gradually see improvements in your physical fitness and overall health.” Diet and exercise are not the only routines that women can change when they become menopausal. It is also important for them to get enough sleep - this will help prevent weight gain. But how to get a good night’s sleep? Kunal advised establishing a sleep routine - try to go to bed and wake up at the same time every day, even on weekends. Create a sleep-conducive environment by keeping your bedroom cool, dark, and quiet. “Consider using earplugs or a white noise machine if you're sensitive to noise,” Kunal recommended. The personal trainer went on to warn against stimulants, saying: “Avoid caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol, as they can interfere with sleep.” “Relax before bed - engage in relaxation activities such as reading, meditating, or taking a warm bath before bed to help calm your mind and prepare your body for sleep,” he added.