Liverpool are facing around a month without Thiago Alcantara at the heart of their midfield after the injury-prone Spaniard's latest setback in training earlier this week, according to reports. Thiago is undoubtedly one of Liverpool's best players on his day but often struggles to stay fit and looks set for another spell on the sidelines in a hammer blow to the Reds, who are enduring a hugely difficult time of things in the Premier League this season. The likes of Virgil Van Dijk, Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota, Ibrahima Konate and Roberto Firmino have been unavailable for Liverpool in recent matches and their presences have been sorely missed, with the Merseyside giants still winless in the Premier League since the turn of the year. Thiago has since been added to Liverpool's growing injury list and is expected to be out of action for around four weeks as things stand, according to The Telegraph.It is said that Thiago was injured in training earlier this week and will not be fit to face Everton in the Merseyside derby on Monday evening. He is also poised to miss the match against Newcastle at St James' Park on Saturday and the first leg against Real Madrid in the Champions League round of 16 later this month.It remains unclear whether Thiago will have recovered in time for the decisive second leg at the Bernabeu in mid-March, although his injury record suggests that it would be foolish to rule out the possibility of yet another agonising setback over the coming weeks. His range of passing in the middle of the park is often so important to Liverpool's chances of success and Jurgen Klopp will be desperate for Thiago to return before Liverpool travel to Spain for an all-important showdown with the reigning European champions. JUST IN: Premier League officials have 'worst day ever' with four VAR mistakes The 31-year-old has struggled on occasion over the course of the current campaign, although this is by no means unique to him given the scale of Liverpool's decline since the beginning of the season. They currently find themselves down in 10th in the Premier League table after winning a total of just eight matches, with their last victory coming at home against Leicester City at the end of December.Klopp hinted that Thiago was injured in a press conference earlier this week but offered a glimmer of hope regarding the fitness of Jota, who he said could be in contention to return to action in the not-too-distant future after making progress on the training ground as of late. "Thiago has some problems," explained Klopp. "I know the problem but I have to ask if I am allowed to say about it. Hip flexor, stuff like this, so he was not able to train. The players are back in training in different stages."Diogo is the closest. He trains now normal already for two days so another three days of training possible for him and then I think he is in contention for the squad I would say, but we have to wait a little bit."Bobby [Firmino], we have to see how that looks, how he deals with training intensity and stuff like this, then we make a decision. Virgil I don't think is that close already but we will work on that as well. Arthur [Melo] is probably similar to Bobby, I would say." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.