Carol Vorderman, 62, left fans stunned earlier today as she shook her rear in a figure-hugging leather dress. The former Countdown presenter took to Instagram to promote her Perfect 10 podcast, which launched last month, in view of her 311,000 followers. She could be seen in the slow motion clip facing away from her camera, as she swayed her hips from side to side. She then joyously turned to face the front and showed the camera a sign with the name of her podcast while grinning from ear to ear. The TV star donned a stylish button down leather midi dress in dark green, which she paired with a pair of pointed toe black leather ankle boots. Carol beamed while her luscious blonde locks, which were styled in loose waves, bounced around her face. She opted for her classic bold smokey eye and subtle berry lip, which highlighted her fabulous features. Carol captioned the footage: “Our Monday episode includes questions about King Charles, sack races and a bogle. “Want to give it a go? Head over to the link in my bio and listen to today’s @perfect10carol.” Fans of the TV legend soon flocked to the post’s comments section to heap praise on the presenter. Aolodeo wrote: “You look extremely stunning in that amazing leather dress.” Ouchmyfootjack added: “You are a perfect ten!!! Leather queen!!” Jonny72geirvik typed: “What an amazing outfit beautiful lady. You look gorgeous.” It comes after Carol gave an insight into her love life as she championed her “special friend system” and shut down “judgemental” people who take issue with it. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INTERVIEW]Anne Hathaway leaves little to the imagination in see-through dress [PICTURES]Amanda Holden cheekily flashes legs in skimpy pink skirt for birthday [LATEST] The ageless broadcaster appeared on Michelle Visage’s Rule Breakers podcast where she was asked about the romance in her life. Recalling her experience, Carol said: “The language around a woman of particularly my generation when we were growing up, you know, if you’d had more than one partner before you got married you were this you were that. “Everything was derogatory about a woman... everything was judgemental.” To follow on from her sentiment, the former Countdown star exclaimed: “You can take that and throw it out of the window! That’s my polite way of saying what you can do with that.” She continued: “The only thing I was sold when I was younger was this fairy-tale. “Whereas my daughter’s generation is the first generation where they are expected to have careers and earn money. “They have independence as a generation and different decisions to make to my generation. “So, I can guarantee that the ‘special friend’ system, even though it might seem quite shocking to some people now, it won’t be in 20-years-time it will be absolutely standard. And it’s about what makes you happy!”