Calls are growing to ban deep fake technology after an increasing number of social media users fell victim to porn scandals showing their bodies engaging in sex acts on the internet. Numerous young female Twitch stars were horrified this month to find their public-facing pictures on a deep fake porn website, where they could be seen doing sex acts, without their consent. Online video creators, who have often not identified publicly, are able to alter their appearance to give the impression that they were present during filming - but they were not. The issue made headlines when one of the victims, QTCinderella, 28, posted a tearful video last week pleading with people to stop accessing the images. "F*** the f***ing Internet. F*** the constant exploitation and objectification of women - it’s exhausting," the Twitch user said while crying on camera. A visibly distressed QTCinderella added: "This is what the pain looks like, okay?" The identity of the creator remains unknown. After apologising, they allegedly removed any references to their previous website from the internet. The episode has raised concerns about the extent to which cutting-edge AI technology can be damaging among young internet influencers and the general public. On the other side of the pond, 32-year-old British Twitch star Sweet Anita also found out pictures of her were used to create porn content on the internet. "I literally choose to pass up millions by not going into sex work and some random Cheeto-encrusted porn addict solicits my body without my consent instead," she said. The victim added: "Don't know whether to cry, break stuff or laugh at this point." Anita just became aware that her photograph had been exploited after seeing a male Twitch streamer sob bitterly at having accessed it. "I saw myself in positions I would never agree to, doing things I would never want to do. And it was quite horrifying," she later told BuzzFeed News. READ MORE: NCIS LA Viewers left ‘speechless’ after deep fake culprit is exposed Social media influencer Maya Higa also fell victim to Deep Fake and hit out at crititcs for questioning her experience: "The world is debating over the validity of my experience today. The debate over our experience as women in this is, not shockingly, among men. None of you should care or listen to what any male streamer's take is on how we feel. "The situation makes me feel disgusting, vulnerable, nauseous, and violated." Victims of revenge porn, pornographic deep fakes and other abuses related to the taking and sharing of intimate images without consent could soon be protected by the Online Safety Bill. The government says the latest amendment to the Bill will broaden the scope of current intimate image offences - "so that more perpetrators will face prosecution and potentially time in jail." According to the government's plan, platforms and services covered by the upcoming online safety legislation will have a legal obligation to remove this type of content if it has been shared on their platforms without permission. Failing to do so could result in serious penalties under the Online Safety Bill. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA: fans fume as Katya ‘causing mayhem’ jeopardises Callen [REPORT] Ranvir Singh unimpressed with GMB co-star over ‘deep fake’ clip [REPORT] Most videos to be made by AI in 'less than a decade' [REPORT] Other abusive behaviours that will become explicitly illegal include "down blousing" (where photographs are taken down a women’s top without consent); and the installation of equipment, such as hidden cameras, to take or record images of someone without their consent. Despite Britain passing a law against revenge porn in 2015, victims and campaigners have been warning for years the measure missed the mark and applying pressure. Under amendments to the Online Safety Bill, it will make it an offence to threaten to share and install equipment to enable images to be taken, and criminalise the non-consensual sharing of manufactured intimate images (deep fakes). The Government says around one in 14 adults in England and Wales have experienced a threat to share intimate images, with more than 28,000 reports of disclosing private sexual images without consent recorded by police between April 2015 and December 2021. READ NEXT:Deep fakes mean ANYONE could be star of ‘non-consensual pornography’ Rise of ‘Deep Fake’ AI generated videos could ‘threaten democracy' US election: Cyber attack expert cautions poll to be ‘dirtiest EVERMoon landing: ‘Deep trouble’ How Michael Collins’ shocked Buzz AldrinElection warning: WATCH Jeremy Corbyn 'endorse' Boris Johnson