Brianna Ghey's father raised bullying fears with her school "a thousand times" before her death last week, a parent has claimed. The 16-year-old, who died last weekend following a brutal stabbing, was allegedly targeted by cruel bullies over her gender identity. A man claiming to be the dad of one of Miss Ghey's friends said little was done to address his concerns. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Damian Harry said the teen was "devastated" by "constant abuse". He added that she had "talked of ending it all" after the "disgusting" abuse centred on "her being trans". Mr Harry said: "Her dad has apparently said he raised safeguarding at the school a thousand times. But little was done." The school has not commented on the claims. Police announced earlier this week that investigations would seek to understand whether Miss Ghey's death constituted a hate crime. She was found dead in Linear Park, Warrington, on Saturday, February 11, having suffered grievous stab wounds. Cheshire Police did not initially suspect she was the victim of a hate crime. But investigators have since changed their tune, saying in a statement that they would consider several possible motives. The statement said: "All lines of enquiry are being explored, including whether this was a hate crime." Police have charged two suspects with murder, a 15-year-old boy and a girl, also 15. They were remanded in custody at a youth detention centre following their arrest on Wednesday, February 15. The two appeared via video link on Thursday for a brief hearing at Liverpool crown court. Judge Aubrey KC set a provisional trial date for July 10. The judge directly addressed the teens, stating: "I’m satisfied that the necessary conditions apply in your case. "There are no representations to the contrary at this stage of the proceedings and so it is that each of you will be remanded into youth detention accommodation. "As far as both of you are concerned, that now completes this case." The court also heard that officials would conduct a second postmortem on Miss Ghey's body.