With the cost of living crisis in full swing, millions of households are looking to make small savings across their food shops. Money expert Martin Lewis suggests downgrading a brand when it comes to cupboard staples; so instead of choosing Weetabix, try a supermarket’s own version of the cereal. But are they any good? Express.co.uk put this theory to the test, and tried eight different supermarket’s own versions of Weetabix and compared them to the leading product. Weetabix has been “fuelling the nation with high-quality cereals since 1932” and the iconic biscuit is eaten by millions every morning. If a shopper were to choose a 24-pack of Weetabix, it would set them back £3.25. Some supermarkets, however, are offering their own version of the popular cereal for as little as 77p, but do they taste as nice? I was sent a pack of every supermarket’s wheat biscuits and tried them with 100ml of skimmed milk, here’s how I got on. The only product that came in fully recyclable packaging; the wrapper holding the cereal was made of paper, unlike every other supermarket’s own version that was wrapped in plastic. The pack is expensive, one wheat biscuit is 13p, but it held its shape perfectly, had a good amount of crunch and wasn’t too hard to cut with the spoon. READ MORE: Tesco, M&S and Morrisons recall popular foods due to health risks Slightly sweeter and crunchier than Weetabix. The individual biscuit absorbed milk quickly but it wasn’t dry, the flakes held the milk well. A great supermarket-own version from Tesco, but slightly on the more expensive end compared to rivals - 8/10. Asda is the only supermarket to have created a rectangle-shaped wheat biscuit. It’s also slightly thinner in terms of thickness compared to others, and a lot lighter in colour. Smoother texture, the flakes were not as distinguished, almost softly blended together. Really hard to cut through with a spoon, to the point of it flying out of the bowl and onto the floor. At just 3p per biscuit, they’re a great choice for a shopper on a budget, and you don’t need to rush when it comes to eating them because they don’t go mushy - 7/10. DON'T MISS...Four hair mistakes that make women over 40 ‘look so much older’ [EXPERT]Letitia Dean ‘looks amazing’ after dropping four dress sizes [PICTURES]Harry holds ‘naive view’ for future with Royal Family expert claims [VIDEO] Thicker and crunchier than other biscuits, with a dense texture. The biscuit absorbed milk quickly and left it quite dry, but it held its shape well and didn’t go mushy despite the volume of milk it absorbed. Cheaper than Tesco’s offering, but because they went slightly dry - 8/10. When removing a biscuit from the packaging, it was very dusty. The biscuit itself was really light with a flaky texture, great flavour and held its shape well. At just 8.1p per biscuit, I really enjoyed Waitrose's wheat biscuits - 8/10. READ MORE: James Martin’s recipe for the ‘best’ peppercorn sauce Easy to cut through with a spoon, nice and crunchy. A pretty average wheat biscuit, nothing to like or dislike - 8/10. Overall the biscuit was less uniform in terms of shape and size, it was more organic, and a little wonky around the edges. The biscuit absorbed the milk quickly. Despite many of the other biscuits being made with wholegrain, M&S’ wheat biscuit had a distinct wholegrain flavour which was really enjoyable - it tasted similar to shreddies. A really tasty wheat biscuit in a beautifully designed box - 9/10. Aldi’s smallest pack of wheat biscuits is 36, so you get 12 biscuits more than other supermarket packets. After the milk was poured onto the biscuit, it quickly lost its shape and fell apart, going mushy. It also had a gritty texture in your mouth. Whilst they cost just 5p per biscuit, the quality of the biscuit isn’t great - 4/10. Similarly to Aldi, Lidl offers customers a larger pack of wheat biscuits. Before being able to try the biscuit, it was a mission to open the box, the carboard flap at the top did not seamlessly open, in fact it ripped continuously. The biscuit absorbed milk really quickly and the biscuit went soft before turning mushy. Slightly cheaper than Aldi per biscuit, but still not a great biscuit for breakfast - 4/10. In summary, M&S were the tastiest, followed by Waitrose, Tesco and Sainsbury’s. Asda’s version is a great option but less luxurious. Every supermarket was deducted one point because they didn’t have paper packaging for the biscuits - if Weetabix can create paper packaging to keep their biscuits fresh, supermarkets can too for their own versions.