Sex Education is one of Netflix's most beloved series, but the ending of season three left fans fearing what lies ahead for the Moordale students. The hit series was given the go-ahead for season four in September of 2021, and newcomer to the comedy-drama series, Lisa McGrillis, has opened up about her “out-of-body experience” after being offered the part in the fourth instalment of the show.   Speaking exclusively with BT.com, McGrillis spoke about her time filming in the “iconic house” for the upcoming season four premiere of Sex Education. The Maternal actress is set to star as Gillian Anderson’s (Dr Jill Milburn) sister. The actress said: “It’s really mad going into a show that you’re already a fan of, so it’s really mad going into all of those [filming] locations, like filming at the iconic house of Otis and Jean.” She added: “Asa (Otis) and Ncuti (Eric) were standing outside, and I felt like I was having an out-of-body experience.”  The star expressed her excitement to be a part of the comedy saying: “I’m so excited about the new season because I’m a fan of it. I can’t tell you anything about the plot.” She spoke of her role as Dr Milburn’s sister: “All I can say is that I play Gillian Anderson’s sister, and she’s a bit of a whirlwind character, who explodes into their lives.” The 40-year-old explained: “I still can’t believe they cast me in it. I was chatting to the exec producers about it, because the casting was so last minute, as I was filming Maternal at the time. "They’ve scraped the bottom of the barrel [with me]” but they were like 'no, it was always you, Lisa!' So who knows? It was an absolute clusterf**k sorting childcare for it.”  The mum-of-two remained tight-lipped when asked whether season four would be the final series of the Netflix favourite. She explained: “I have no idea whether the next series is the last. Sex Education could run forever, because they could just get more and more kids coming in. But audiences really like to see the same faces." McGrillis was “not sure” what Netflix has in store for the series but she remains “grateful” she got to be a part of the hit show. Shortly after the show dropped in September 2021, a fourth season was confirmed and in August of last year it was also revealed the show was officially back in production.  Actor Jim Howick (Mr Hendricks) told Digital Spy last August that production of the new series will be going on for a while, and they were expecting to film all the way through to February 2023. With the success of the first three series, the stars became increasingly in demand in the months since it first premiered. Thankfully Gillian Anderson gave fans a dose of what was to come after she shared a behind-the-scenes snap from the set to get fans excited. The actress, who plays the sex therapist, appears to be in hair and make-up preparing herself for a drama-packed season ahead. She captioned the snap "Jean’s baaaaaack! @sexeducation," and fans understandably lost their minds.  It has not been officially revealed what’s to come so fans will have to patiently wait for more news. Rumours suggest the show is aiming for a September 2023 release date, should everything go to plan. Some stars will not be returning for the new season, including Rakhee Thakrar as Emily Sands. Simone Ashley has also as Olivia Hanan following her breakout performance in Bridgerton.