Manchester United could turn to Dusan Vlahovic as an alternative to Victor Osimhen this summer as Erik ten Hag searches for a long-term striker. Ten Hag considers a goalscorer a priority ahead of his second season as manager but could be priced out of a move for one of his first-choice targets. Last month, United signed Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley until the end of the season to replace Cristiano Ronaldo after terminating his contract in November. The Red Devils wanted a short-term solution before targeting a young replacement capable of leading the line for years to come this summer. Reports suggest Osimhen is among Ten Hag's preferred options amid a prolific season in Italy. But others claim United may be forced to look elsewhere due to Napoli's hefty valuation and rival interest from Paris Saint-Germain. According to ESPN, Napoli won't sanction Osimhen's exit for less than £90million, and PSG's interest could only bump up the fee. DON'T MISS: Ten Hag tight-lipped on Greenwood future after charges dropped   While the 24-year-old is high on United's priority list, Ten Hag has also earmarked Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane and RB Leipzig's Benjamin Sesko as enticing options.  But Juventus frontman Vlahovic could also become a realistic option if the Serie A giants are forced to sell due to their current financial woes.  The Old Lady have been demoted 15 points for transfer irregularities, which could produce a financial aftershock by not qualifying for European football next season.  And they may be willing to use Vlahovic to boost funds just over 18 months after splashing £63m to sign him from Fiorentina. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing! Napoli aren't under pressure to sell Osimhen, who has two years left on his current contract, as they near their first Scudetto since 1990. The Nigeria international has played a significant role in their successful season, scoring 15 goals in 20 games in all competitions. His 14 Serie A strikes make him the leader of the Capocannoniere award, handed to the league's top goalscorer, two ahead of Atalanta's Ademola Lookman. And three years after his £63m switch from Lille, Napoli could be ready to cash in on a healthy profit, but only if United or PSG can match their valuation this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here