Wrexham are set to enjoy headline friendlies against Chelsea and Manchester United on a pre-season tour in the United States this summer. The non-league club - owned by Hollywood duo Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney - could face the Premier League giants as part of their own tours across the Atlantic in July. Back in November 2020, Deadpool star Reynolds teamed with Rob McElhenney - famed for creating and starring in ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ - to purchase Wrexham AFC for $2.76 million. The duo have become symbols of Welsh football around the world with the publicity and exposure their platforms have bought to the club and the area. Wrexham are currently second in the National League and their American owners have big plans for the future, with games against the Premier League giants believed to be provisionally agreed. Their clash with Erik ten Hag’s side is scheduled to go down in San Diego in July, forming part of United’s preseason tour of the US - their first since 2018 - which will likely feature a match in Las Vegas. Manchester United last faced Wrexham in a competitive game back in 1995 in the FA Cup. The match was a fairly comfortable 5-2 victory for then-manager Sir Alex Ferguson and his side at Old Trafford, and United would go on to lose the FA Cup final 1-0 to Everton. READ MORE: Liverpool team news vs Crystal Palace with Diogo Jota decision looming Wrexham are also in talks with Chelsea over a friendly which is set to be announced at the Kenan Memorial Stadium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina on July 19. The Welsh club issued a statement to address the rumours, which read: “The club can confirm that our previously publicised plans to tour the US during pre-season are at an advanced stage, but are not as yet finalised. “Full details of the games the club will play in and where, will be released across the Club's communication channels when they are confirmed. We would advise fans against making any arrangements to travel to the games based on speculation, to avoid disappointment.” While they are exhibition matches, clashes with Premier League giants like Chelsea and United only highlight the ambition of Reynolds and McElhenney to turn Wrexham into a genuine force. Since their takeover was completed in February 2021, the club has enjoyed two years of exciting growth and development amid the investment. DON'T MISSChelsea may be forced to change transfer plan for £66m summer targetRyan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney to play for Wrexham in new tournamentInside the lives of Wrexham's owners who have £170m combined net worth Wrexham have also been the subject of a popular sports documentary titled ‘Welcome to Wrexham’ that is available to stream in the UK and Ireland on Disney+. The show followed the club as they looked to return to professional football, only for Wrexham to fall to Grimsby Town in the play-off semi-finals. In this season’s FA Cup, Wrexham reached the fourth round for the first time in 23 years and took Championship club Sheffield United to a replay before falling to late goals at Bramall Lane. McElhenney is known for creating and starring in the hit comedy series ‘It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia’, while Reynolds is acclaimed for his role as the star of the Deadpool franchise. The 46-year-old received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2017.