The Premier League has come out to explain why Chelsea were controversially denied a late penalty in their 1-1 draw against West Ham United. VAR made the first of a string of debatable decisions on Saturday at the London Stadium when Tomas Soucek's apparent handball went unnoticed. Joao Felix scored a 16th-minute opener in his second Chelsea appearance, ruled out by former Blues defender Emerson Palmeiri's equaliser before half-time. Soucek thought he had won it for West Ham in the final 10 minutes, but VAR chalked off his goal for offside. And the Czech Republic midfielder was involved in controversy at the other end shortly after, seemingly stopping Conor Gallagher's strike with his hand inside the hosts' box. However, referee Craig Pawson opted against awarding a potentially match-winning penalty, and VAR didn't oppose his decision. It led to uproar from Chelsea fans in the stadium and online, feeling like they had been robbed of three vital points. JUST IN: Chelsea still fuming at Tomas Soucek handball in West Ham draw  But the Premier League have responded to fury about the decision through the PGMOL - the officials' group for all FA competitions. According to the PGMOL, the ball struck that hand that 'broke Soucek's fall' as he went to the ground, meaning the correct decision was for a penalty not to be awarded. After full-time, Graham Potter jokingly hit back at Pawson and VAR for ignoring Soucek's 'save'. He jibed: "It was a good save. You need your goalkeeper sometimes to give you the points. "It looks like one of those that if it was given, it wouldn't have been overturned, but obviously, it wasn't given. DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Ten Hag in uncharted territory if Leeds wish fulfilledMan Utd team news - Jadon Sancho may return in Leeds clashWest Ham troll Chelsea after Tomas Soucek 'goalkeeper save' "You have to earn your luck. We can't complain or wait for luck to turn for us. We have to keep working. "It looked quite a handball, and, like I said, I didn't know Tomas could get down so easily and save like that." Pressure is mounting on Potter to start garnering results, especially after being backed with an unprecedented £323million in the January transfer window. Chelsea have won just two of their last 13 games, including just one in 2023, and remain ninth in the Premier League, 10 points outside the top four. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here