The first pictures of Natasha Johnston have been released since dogs mauled her to death in Caterham last month. The dog walker, who was not licenced to walk dogs in her district, died from multiple bites to the neck after the animals attacked her and caused her death. One dog perforated her jugular vein during the attack on January 12. The photos were released as those close to the 28-year-old paid tribute to a "bubbly, beautiful" woman who loved dogs and was skilled in their care.  Jo Butchers, 34, a friend of Ms Johnston from her childhood home of Ryde on the Isle of Wight, told The Mail on Sunday: "Long countryside walks with the dogs were her thing. She did a lot of dog walking here, not as a professional but with her own dogs and those of friends. "Then she moved away and that became her job in London. She grew up with dogs, so she always loved them." Another friend said: "She was definitely not new to dogs – the complete opposite. She always loved them and absolutely adored her own, talking about them all the time. "She seemed really happy being a dog walker in London, she used to put videos on her Snapchat of the dogs. So it’s ironic the way that she was killed, bless her."  The mother of one childhood friend said: "We’re absolutely devastated. She was so caring, a beautiful girl inside and out. "She was always bubbly when she used to come to meet my girl. They used to go out together and enjoy their lives as young teenagers. "She’s going to be sorely missed. I know there will be a lot of people going up to her funeral." The local Tandridge council said she was not licenced to walk dogs in the district at the time. Ms Butchers, however, insisted that Ms Johnston, of Croydon, South London, was an experienced professional who had obtained her licence. Ms Butchers could not believe her ears when she heard of her lifetime friend’s death. Ms Johnston lived in Ryde with her brother and two dogs before moving to London. READ MORE: Fifth of dog owners have found love after discovering shared affection She went to a public school where made a close group of friends. While still in college, Ms Johnston began working part-time as a carer, which grew into a full-time job until she left the island in 2017. As a carer for the Bluebird Care agency, she was required to visit the elderly and vulnerable people in their homes. Ms Johnston previously owned a Staffordshire bull terrier and had taken in a rescue dog, according to reports. In 2018, she was photographed cuddling Aurora, a family dog that looked like a Staffie. It remains unclear how many dogs Ms Johnston was walking when she was set upon at Gravelly Hill in Catherham. She was later pronounced dead at the scene. Natasha died as a result of "multiple penetrating dog bites to the neck" and a wound to her jugular vein, the Surrey Coroner's Court heard. The coroner said: "The medical cause of death was given as 1a) shock and haemorrhage including perforation of the left jugular vein and in 1b) the pathologist places multiple penetrating dog bites to her neck." He added: "The reason for the inquest required is the nature of the traumatic injuries." DON'T MISS:'Sinister' council wardens 'follow' pensioners walking their dogs [REPORT]5 common flowers that are a ‘definite no-no’ - ‘highly toxic’ to pets [REPORT]Unwanted dog left tied outside rescue centre as RSPCA issues plea [REPORT] Police seized eight dogs, sparking speculation that she had exceeded the district's limit of walking six at once. Two dachshunds and an 11-stone Leonberger named Shiva were among the banned breeds. They are kept in kennels for forensic examinations and could be held for up to a year. Tandridge council is considering armbands for licenced professional dog walkers to reassure concerned residents. Natasha's family said in a statement: "This is an extremely difficult time for us and as well as dealing with this sudden loss in our family, the significant level of media interest and the graphic nature of some of the reporting, has been a source of additional distress. "We continue to appeal for our privacy to be respected during our time of grief." READ NEXT:Dozens of dogs join border collie on her final heartbreaking walk Welsh town at epicentre of banned dog trade after two deathsWoman fears 1,400 dogs could be killed as shelter faces collapseNicola Bulley’s dog likely ‘went back to spot where it last saw her'Alarming rise of dog attacks and map that shows incidents in your area