Andi Oliver, 59, has spoken out on the procedure she underwent after she expressed her health concerns to her doctor. The TV chef explained how she found out she needed a hysterectomy last year, after she had been feeling unwell and like “something wasn’t right”. A hysterectomy is a surgical procedure to remove the womb (uterus), which means the person is no longer able to get pregnant after the operation. She said: “Last year, despite exercising six times a week, I felt s**t – something wasn’t right. My GP sent me for an ultrasound and a gynaecologist found 10 fibroids in my womb. “They were so large it was like I was five months pregnant.” “I’ve since had a full hysterectomy,” Andi added in a new interview with Women’s Health UK. READ MORE: Gabby Logan addresses regret in marriage with husband Kenny Following the procedure, Andi moved in with her daughter Miquita for some time, as she did not feel energetic enough to be on her own. Andi admitted the move was a “lesson in surrendering” as she learnt she needed to give her body time to recover. She explained: “I’m an energetic person, but after surgery, I didn’t have the extra reserves to draw from. It was a lesson in surrendering: you have to respect the time recovery takes and be patient. But it doesn’t come naturally to me. “I moved in with [my daughter] Miquita for a period immediately after the procedure so she could look after me – it was a funny role reversal.” Last year, Andi explained that she has been forced to “slow down” this year after undergoing a “big operation”. Speaking to Express.co.uk in November, Andi first explained that she had a hysterectomy and opened up about her recovery. She said: “I have actually slowed myself down a little bit this year because I have been in hospital, I had quite a big operation. I had a hysterectomy because I had really bad fibroids. “So, I am taking it slowly this year, which is quite odd for me, but it’s important to look after your body and your mental health as much as it is to look after your career. DON'T MISS...JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [DEBATE]Brooklyn Beckham mocked as he surprises wife Nicola in just a towel [PICTURES]Liz Hurley astounds fans in totally nude Valentine's Day photoshoot [LATEST] “But I am doing really great actually. I have to say, congratulations to my body. “I am very proud of my body because I have recovered really quickly." Andi concluded: “I am 60-years-old next year as well so I am quite impressed with how well I have recovered from quite a big operation.” The presenter added that she is following her doctor’s advice but joked that “following orders doesn’t come naturally”. Her recovery came after she wrapped up filming the next series of BBC’s Great British Menu. But thankfully, her BBC co-stars have been “great”. She went on: “I’m great actually and all the people around me, Great British Menu is great to film because it is really familial and it’s a beautiful thing.”  The full Andi Oliver interview can be read in the March issue of Women’s Health UK, on sale now.