Three of the four teams that reached the Championship game this postseason did so for the second-straight campaign, with only the Philadelphia Eagles missing out last time. The Eagles made it to the Super Bowl anyway, but the final four from this season have been tipped to 'dominate' the NFL for years to come. Kansas City Chiefs, San Francisco 49ers, Cincinnati Bengals and the Eagles were the final four teams in the NFL this season, and it's now Patrick Mahomes will face Jalen Hurts in the Super Bowl on Sunday. Both the Chiefs and the Eagles were the number one seed in their respective conference, and are perhaps rightly the final two teams left. The 49ers and the Bengals also deserved their spot in the NFC and AFC Championship, and show no signs of going anywhere in years to come. There are many other talented teams that will be among the favourites next season, with the Buffalo Bills and the Dallas Cowboys hoping to end their Super Bowl drought. But according to former NFL star Jason Bell, the league will be dominated by the final four from this season for a while. No team has won back-to-back Super Bowl titles since the Seattle Seahawks in the 2013 and 2014 season, and before that it hadn't been done since before 2000. The NFL continues to be versatile and unpredictable, and remaining at the top for an extended period of time is extremely challenging. The Chiefs have been one of the more consistent teams over the past few seasons, and the 49ers have also been in and around the conversation. The Eagles have emerged once more after previously winning the Super Bowl in 2017, and the Bengals are a young team that are proving to be a problem for the rest. Because of this, it's been tipped that there could be an era of dominance in the NFL over the next few years, and it's likely we will see the same four names crop up in the Super Bowl, according to Bell. The 888Sport ambassador exclusively told Express Sport: "Things change very quickly in the NFL as we all know, but I’d expect that the four teams we saw in the championship games will be the sides that dominate the league for the next few years. "The way they are built and the quality of their quarterbacks mean they will be hard to dislodge. The Eagles have slowly built a very formidable side and this year is when it has all come together. They have a roster which will keep giving them chances." With Mahomes, Hurts and Joe Burrow all long-term options at quarterback for the Chiefs, Eagles and Bengals respectively, they are set up for years to come. The 49ers aren't quite as sure who will lead them in the future, after a strange season. Trey Lance was drafted in to be no.1, but an injury ended his season in week two. After Jimmy Garoppolo was ruled out in week 13, rookie Brock Purdy came in and produced one of the stories of the season. He may have gained their trust after leading them to the NFC Championship, but whether it's Purdy or Lance, the talent is there.