Death in Paradise made its return last month and saw Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) and the Saint Marie police force solving a string of mysterious murders on the island. Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles) also shared his ambitions with Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) about getting his stripes and becoming a sergeant. The duo work closely together as they often do the background work which helps Neville to solve a case. When Naomi first arrived in Saint Marie, fans had hoped that she and Marlon would strike up a romance. And while nothing has happened between the duo yet, the actor who plays Marlon hasn't ruled it out. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tahj opened up about his role and what is in store for Marlon. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie When discussing some of the wildest fan theories he has read about his character, Tahj said: "There are so many. "There was a teaser where they were unsure whether Marlon was getting fired or not. "I don't understand how they got theories from that teaser [and] that Marlon is the Commissioner's (Don Warrington) son. "I was like how do you go from...they didn't even tease that. It's not the case because we would have found out by now. "It was a good theory but I don't know how they even got there." He continued: "Obviously there is a Marlon and Naomi romance that everyone is calling for. "People DM me or the time, 'Will it happen, will it not?' I told them, 'I don't know, not to my knowledge'." "I personally don't think it could work," the Marlon Pryce star admitted. "But you never know." DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [INSIGHT]GB News presenter Mark Steyn quits after Ofcom row  [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow guest makes history after valuation of Olympic sign [VIDEO] When discussing whether he would like to see the show delve more into Marlon's personal life, Tahj explained: "I have thought about it and I am always thinking about my character and different ways things can happen. "I am not set on one specific way he could have a romance. "It could be love in the workplace, they wanted Marlon and Naomi, it could be that. "In series 11 in episode seven, the main murder suspect was a friend of his and I was watching it with a friend of mine. "And she was like, 'It would be really cool if she was your girlfriend'. "It would also be interesting if he had a girlfriend that was on the complete opposite side. "If he was a police officer and his girlfriend was a criminal." "There are many ways," he added. "Marlon is a charmer." Death in Paradise airs on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.