The Madame Blanc Mysteries returns to Channel 5 with Jeremy Lloyd-James' (played by Robin Askwith) friend being murdered. He suffered a head injury and a strange symbol was drawn on his face. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who else is in the cast. Trevor is no stranger to the series as he made an appearance in the very first season. He is played by Paul Chuckle, a 75-year-old actor and comedian known for being one of the Chuckle Brothers on ChucklevVision. His brother Barry, who formed the other half of the comedy duo, sadly died back in August 2018. Paul's other credits include Celebrity Coach Trip, Still Open All Hours and Chuckle Time. READ MORE: Les Dennis admits filming for Madame Blanc role was 'not easy' Marco is the sound engineer in the recording studio and he is played by Clive Russell. Clive is a 77-year-old Scottish actor who is perhaps best known for his role as Chief Inspector Frederick Abberline in Ripper Street. Viewers may also recognise him from Happiness and Game of Thrones. He was born in the North Riding of Yorkshire but was brought up in Fife, Scotland. Manderina is Dura's wife and she is shocked to discover her husband has been murdered. Sara Griffiths plays the role and she is an actress and producer known for Rich Tea and Sympathy. Viewers may have also seen her in Doctors, Casualty and Holby City. She is perhaps best recognised for playing Anita Castle in the series Castles in the 90s. DON'T MISS... Sally Lindsay left Coronation Street as Shelley Unwin back in 2006 Madame Blanc star left with 'lump in throat' over Christmas special The Madame Blanc Mysteries is what Britain needs, says Sally Lindsay Chloe is played by Jacqueline Boatswain, a musician, dancer and actress known for her West End roles. Her other credits include Carnival Row, Doctors and Midsomer Murders. For 15 years she sang and danced in twelve West End shows such as the RSC's Kiss Me, Kate and Jesus Christ, Superstar. She has more recently been seen in ITV's Bancroft. The official synopsis for the new episode reads: "Jeremy's old rock 'n' roll friend Dura is recording his comeback album in the Millhouse. "Jeremy locks him in and leaves him to work alone - but not before insisting on taking a selfie. "Outside, in the sound van Dura's wife Manderina, and Marco, his sound engineer, have just started to record Dura's latest track when they hear him scream. "When Dura is found dead with a head injury and a strange symbol drawn on his face, Jean attempts to find the killer."  The Madame Blanc Mysteries airs on Channel 5 on Thursdays at 9pm