John Hambrick and his brother Lonnie were introduced to TLC viewers during season eight of My 600lb life, determined to take back control of their health. Dr Now’s help proved to be successful as the duo have since maintained their weight loss and continue to shock fans with their transformation.  The brothers appeared on the show in 2020 eager to embark on a weight loss journey after they admitted they could not enjoy their lives, weighing over 600lb. John was no longer able to share a bed with his wife as he revealed: “My weight smothers me.” Lonnie also opened up about his struggles and shared: “The pain gets so bad that it’s almost unbearable.” He knew food was “killing him now” but hinted at an eating disorder as food was what saved him from “every bad moment” since he was a child. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation  Unlike most duos, John and Lonnie were able to support each other throughout their weight loss and often held one another accountable to drive progress. At the beginning of the show, John weighed 687lb, while Lonnie weighed in at 613lb. The 12-month program with Dr Now proved successful as the brothers were hitting each target. Together, they lost an impressive 539lb, with John shedding 294lb and weighing a new amount of 393lb. While Lonnie ended the journey at 368lb after losing a total of 245lb. Lonnie is currently more active on social media than his brother and regularly shares health and life updates with his followers. He also gave fans a major update on John, with a new photo of them smiling as stood next to each other. It was captioned: “John came in for a haircut and of course I had to make him take a pic for y’all.” DON'T MISS...Outlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storyline [REACTION] 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton breaks down before weight loss surgery [INSIGHT]1000lb Best Friends’ Vanessa heartbroken as she's denied surgery [INSIGHT] This sparked a major frenzy with fans who took to the comments with praise and excitement for the brothers. A thrilled @silvayanca commented: “Wow, I just watched you guys and I'm so happy that you're healthy and beautiful. Success boys!” Jule_as_a_cucumber added: “OMG, y’all both look so great. What an inspiration.” An amazed @abissinian stated: “Wow. just wow. Seeing you like that is amazing. And the smile... So happy for you.” A fourth fan @fagnerflayner shared: “You guys are beautiful! Was happy and thrilled with your success.” @mariamalamalita added: “Congrats both of you for all the effort and sacrifice made. Keep going, the sky is the limit.” While @domenique88r wrote: “I just finished watching you alls episode, you both look amazing. So proud of you both.” (sic) My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA 