Anne Hegerty, 64, joined The Chase in 2010 as the first female Chaser for its second series, alongside fellow Chasers Paul Sinha and Mark Labbett. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Anne has now admitted that she has "very bad days" behind the scenes, and leans on her "supportive" co-stars as they know what she's going through. Anne is now one of six Chasers: Darragh Ennis, Shaun Wallace and Jenny Ryan, as well as Paul and Mark. There is also Bradley Walsh who has presented the show since 2009 and has become an integral part of the ITV show. Express.co.uk asked Anne how she gets along with her fellow Chasers behind-the-scenes, and if there is any rivalry between the group. Anne replied: "We're all friends, it wouldn't really work on The Chase if we weren't. READ MORE: Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap "We have a Whatsapp group in which we chat with each other all the time. "Nobody wants to be the worst chaser, but if anyone is having a bad day we are all very supportive. "Because you know, any of us might suddenly have a really bad day and lose really badly, and it could be any of us. So yes, we are all very mutually supportive." This comes as Express.co.uk also asked Anne in the same interview if there is any trouble behind-the-scenes with filming the show. She said: "It can be tricky because TV dates can be so changeable, you can suddenly find you can't rent the studio at that particular time, or Bradley is busy and not available because he's doing something else. "We get different dates and then you've got Paul [Sinha] who has stand-up dates the new dates interfere with. "Or you have me saying, 'I'm already contracted to do Panto' or something like that. "So there is always a certain amount of interference. But I always say The Chase comes first as I am very proud to be a Chaser." DON'T MISS... JK Rowling says she never wanted to 'upset anyone' with trans comments [COMMENT] Richard Hammond skewers ‘mean’ Jeremy Clarkson over farm produce [INSIGHT] Laura Hamilton sets record straight amid rumour she's back with ex [CHANNEL 4]  Despite this, Anne admitted she could not imagine The Chase without "integral" host Bradley. She continued: "I can't imagine the idea of Bradley leaving us and having to find someone else. "I suppose I could think of a couple of names that might, but Bradley is just an integral part of the whole show and his rapport with the contestants, and with us. "It's just I can't imagine him being replaced! "He once said to me, 'The Chase is my pension' and I really do hope that he regards it that way and he has no plans to go anywhere." Anne makes sure to have a social media presence to comment on The Chase while also sharing her daily thoughts. Recently, she responded to a book window display of Prince Harry's book Spare, cheekily interspersed with copies of Bella Mackie’s bestseller, How To Kill Your Family. Anne then reacted to the post with a "rolling on the floor laughing" emoji, with the caption "PMSL", an acronym for "p***ing myself laughing". You can watch The Chase weekdays on ITV at 5pm