A killer rooster that left its owner dying in a pool of blood was "supposed to be soft and cuddly", the victim's daughter has said. Jasper Kraus, 67, died after he suffered a heart attack and massive blood loss when his pet rooster drove its spur - an inches long bonelike structure protruding from its legs - into his left leg, creating a 1.5cm deep wound. The wound left Mr Kraus crumpled on his floor at home after he was stabbed outside, and he died after paramedics failed to resuscitate him. Speaking to the Daily Mirror, his daughter Virginia Guinan, 33, said she found him in "litres of blood all over the floor" when she arrived. She said she was left to clean up the spot where her father died, leaving her "traumatised". She said: "After he passed, I had to clean the blood left on the floor. "It was traumatising after what had happened." READ MORE: Four injured by dog in beach attack as family pet badly hurt "There should be more support in place for families who go through tragedies like this." Ms Guinan said the attack was completely unexpected as the breed was meant to have a calmer temperament. The Brahma breed of rooster should have been "soft and cuddly" and even suitable for children, she said. The trainee healthcare assistant has highlighted the dangers of assuming that a breed is entirely safe. She said that while the incident was "rare and unbelievable", any breed can be dangerous, no matter how "nice and docile" they appear. Ms Guinan has told people to watch out for any signs of potentially aggressive behaviour. Her father had taken on the rooster after she, the original owner, saw the bird acting violently with her three-year-old daughter, Josie. She said the rooster had "jumped the wall and jumped on Josie's back". She felt she needed to "get rid" following the incident and said her family "should have put him down there and then". But her dad had "too big of a heart" and decided to take it in. Ultimately, the rooster was put down, and Ms Guinan has warned prospective chicken owners to consider the risks. She said: "People should be aware of the signs and get rid of any bird as soon as they show signs of aggression."