King Charles should "not draw further attention" to Prince Harry's memoir with his Coronation just weeks away, a royal expert has warned. Marlene Koenig, a royal historian focusing on blue-blooded Brits and Europeans, also urged the Royal Family to do what is needed for reconciliation with the Duke of Sussex - and suggested disregarding the book is the best course of action. She told Express.co.uk: "I am unaware of any olive branches but I also believe that it is better for the King and his family to not draw further attention to what Harry wrote, and let the family do what is needed to be done for a possible reconnection." Prince Harry released his much anticipated memoir Spare on January 10. The book made several allegations about leading members of the Firm, including the Duke's stepmother Queen Consort Camilla and his brother Prince William. There have been numerous reports suggesting King Charles will invite Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle to his upcoming Coronation in May. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for 'vengeance' against William However, royal insiders have claimed Harry will likely attend the event on a whistle-stop tour, while Meghan will stay in California to celebrate son Archie's fourth birthday. The couple's popularity in the United Kingdom has plummeted post-Megxit, taking a further hit following the Sussexes' Netflix docuseries in December. Prince Harry's approval rating collapsed to -44 percent after Spare hit the shelves last month, a YouGov survey of 1,691 between January 10 and 11 revealed. The Duchess of Sussex's score also dipped to -46 percent, according to the same opinion poll. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's friend reveals significant text she received However, Ms Koenig was unsure how the couple could be received by Britons if they do touch down in the UK in May for the Coronation. She said: "I cannot predict what the reaction will be like in the UK in May." When asked if the Sussexes could overshadow the King's Coronation, Koenig took a swipe at the media. She claimed: "I have not seen the Netflix series, I do not have Netflix, and if the programme or the book cast a shadow over the Coronation, it will be the fault of the press which continues to write about it." DON'T MISS: Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION] Prince Harry took aim at the British tabloid press in Spare and during interviews conducted around its release. He lamented newspapers as "antagonist[s]" and claimed they "want to create as much conflict as possible". Harry added: "The saddest part of that is certain members of my family and the people that work for them are complicit in that conflict. "I have a lot of compassion and…even understanding as to why certain members of my family need to have that relationship with the tabloid press. "I do, I understand it. I don't agree with it, but I do understand it."