 Catherine Zeta-Jones, 53, is currently worth an estimated $150 million but left her A-list lifestyle behind as she opted for public transport. The Welsh actress took to Instagram to show off her new ride as she sat in an empty tube carriage, barely two days after appearing at the BAFTAs.   The Wednesday actress shared her commute with her five million Instagram followers, as she managed to get the highly sought-after empty tube ride. Bundled up in a cosy jacket, scarf, hat and big sunglasses, Catherine had a mile-wide smile as she looked into the camera. She gleefully shared: “When you’re the only one on the tube and very happy.” The actress swiveled her camera around, with not a soul in sight, before turning back to herself. READ MORE: Hayden Panettiere's brother dead: Walking Dead star Jansen dies aged 28  Catherine continued: “Just me and public transport.” The A-lister was swarmed with amazed fans as they headed to her comments section, sharing their disbelief. One applauded Catherine for showing she is “such a normal person” and another added: “Good on you Catherine. It's not all private limos eh?” Countless people questioned what bizarre hour she was travelling at to get the entire carriage to herself, while one joked: “Must've been an epic fart to clear the carriage.”     Another fawned over the actress saying: “Imagine being on the tube and sitting opposite you is Catherine Zeta Jones! “I’d probably forget to breathe and be totally speechless with how shook I would be.” However, the post also received some negative attention from her followers as some claimed: “She wants a medal for traveling on the peasant wagon.” The multimillionaire’s appearance on public transport comes just days after the star took to the BAFTAs stage.  While the actress seemingly snubbed the red carpet at the 2023 awards show, she made a jaw-dropping appearance in a purple and gold gown on stage. The Legend of Zorro star was given the duty of announcing the BAFTA 2023 Best Picture award, which was ultimately revealed to be All Quiet on the Western Front. Her elegant asymmetrical dress featured countless gold and purple beads, as well as a lengthy train and a daring neckline. The 53-year-old’s ageless appearance and short speech shocked viewers, with some claiming they had never realised she was Welsh.  Fans were also quick to correct the actress’ introduction to the stage, which claimed she was from the South Wales valleys. One fan on Twitter wrote: “Not loving your autocue which said Catherine Zeta Jones was from the valleys; Swansea & Mumbles are not in the valleys.” Catherine was also in London last week to attend the UK gala screening of Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, starring her beloved husband Michael Douglas, 78. While her husband opted for a simple dapper suit and dark blue tie, Catherine donned yet another jaw-dropping asymmetrical dress. The figure-hugging ensemble delighted fans at the event as she signed autographs while Michael conducted some interviews on the purple carpet.