Qatari bidders for Manchester United are reportedly confident they can prove they are separate entities from Paris Saint-Germain’s owners. Any prospective buyer of the Red Devils must prove they have no majority control over another club playing in the same competitions as the Premier League team. UEFA rules might have proved a hitch for any Qatari state-backed bid for United. That is because Qatar Sports Investments, a subsidiary of the sovereign wealth fund, own French champions PSG. Several Qatari-based entities are reported to be interested in buying the 20-times English league champions. However, at least one has apparently insisted that it is a private consortium separate to the state. All the bidders supposedly believe that they have sufficient evidence to pass the UEFA rule. They must prove that they are sepate to the QSI group that owns PSG, and whose chairman is the Ligue 1 club's president, Nasser Al-Khelaifi. JUST IN: Ronaldo misses sitter from just yards out as Al-Nassr star flummoxed That is according to the i paper, who report that the Qatari bidders are 'very confident' that they can 'comfortably' pass UEFA's rules. It would allow United to compete in the Champions League and any other European competition alongside PSG. The report adds that a group of Qatari private investors will make a bid for United by Friday's deadline. The Raine Group - the bank overseeing the process - have told bidders they must submit their plans by midnight. “QSI has absolutely nothing to do with the deal, legally, financially, nothing,” A source apparently told the publication. “QIA, if they are even involved in the deal, is completely separate from QSI. QIA have hundreds and hundreds of billions and own everything from pharmaceuticals to hospitals and shops. QSI is a much smaller fund that owns PSG, 30 per cent of Braga (in Portugal) and a bit of Padel Tennis. The only connection is that (PSG chairman) Nasser (Al-Khelaifi) is on the board for both. DON'T MISS...Liverpool 'lead' Man Utd and Man City for Mason Mount transferMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag explains insight from Glazers about takeoverMan Utd takeover - Richard Arnold faces sack if Qatar buy club “The PSG thing is not a problem. If Newcastle can prove that they are not owned by the Saudi state, when their owners are called the Public Investment Fund, the clue being in the name, then the Qataris will have no trouble.” Some supporters have raised concerns about any potential Qatari involvement in the club due to the Middle East country's human rights record. Couples engaging in same-sex marriage face arrest in Qatar, while women's rights have come under strong scrutiny from human rights groups. Qatar has expressed an interest in investing in English football in the aftermath of its perceived success in hosting the 2022 World Cup. There has been reported Qatari interest in both Tottenham and Liverpool, but it seems that they have focused their attention on United.