A common method of checking your cake is cooked is actually making your bake dry, according to a chef with an enormous following. So what should you do instead? Roice Bethel is a chef who shares his cooking tips, tricks, and hacks on his TikTok account @noflakeysalt. The cook boasts a huge 787.1K followers, who all tune in for his lessons. This includes a recent bacon hack the expert posted, which showed how to get perfectly crispy bacon by boiling the rashers. In this sweet-treat-focused video, he dishes another nugget of knowledge. He explained: "This is why you should never use a toothpick to check if your cake is done. That method works but it’ll always result in an overcooked cake that is dry and crumbly rather than moist and tender." The chef said: "I'm going to show you why you should never use a toothpick to tell when your cake is ready to take out of the oven. Oftentimes, people say if a toothpick comes out clean, the cake is fully baked. Well, that's correct, but it's technically overcooked." READ MORE: Genius fried egg hack to flip them perfectly and never break the yolk He went on: "In order for the toothpick to come out clean, the temperature of the interior of the cakes has to have reached 212F. "This is also the point that water evaporates and turns into a gas, meaning that all the moisture is leaving your cake and turning it really, really dry." When moisture is leaving your cake, that means moistness if leaving your cake too. This will result in a dry sponge and an inferior cake. So what should bakers do? The content creator said: "What you should do instead is check the internal temperature of your cake and once it reaches 205F, pull it out of the oven. This will help you avoid getting that dry, crumbly cake and it'll give you a really tender and moist final product." DON'T MISSHow to make 'perfectly crispy' bacon in the air fryer [RECIPE] Chef's bacon hack so 'the fat is perfectly nice and crispy' [HOW TO] Amazing hack to cook restaurant-quality pizza in your oven [CHEF] He showed his followers a cake he made himself with a delicious-looking moist sponge. He demonstrated how the cake wobbled when slapped, indicating its moistness. Roice explained: "It just came out of the oven at 205F. If I stuck a toothpick in at that time and pulled it out, it wouldn't come out clean. You can see it's a lot more tender and not as dry." Commenters flooded the video, which had 1.5M views, with their thoughts. One said: "When I think "clean" I just think no uncooked batter. Never had an issue." Another, Carley, said: "I took ‘clean’ to mean no raw batter", and another poster said, "I look for crumbs on the toothpick not dry. Dry is too dry lol. If I don’t see batter. We’re good." Tatum said: "Sir, I already knew this. My mom says 'crumbles sticking = perfect, clean = over baked, raw batter = underbaked'." One commenter said: "This is the best advice for checking doneness I’ve ever heard!!! Thank you!!" The toothpick hack was invented WAY before the invention of the digital thermometer. It works fine for an experienced baker. But Andrew Jones did not agree. He said: "The toothpick hack was invented WAY before the invention of the digital thermometer. It works fine for an experienced baker."