Mikel Arteta says Thomas Partey "probably needs another week" before he can return to Arsenal training after he was left in London for the Gunners' Premier League trip to Aston Villa. The Ghanaian midfielder missed the crunch midweek 3-1 defeat to Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium after picking up a muscular injury as Jorginho earned his first start in red and white.  Sadly for Arteta, Partey has struggled to recover in time for the trip to Villa Park as the Gunners look to end a run of three matches without a win in all competitions. It's no surprise that Partey was absent for two of Arsenal's three Premier League defeats this season against Manchester United and Manchester City respectively. In the past few years, he has continuously struggled with muscle injuries but he had looked to have put his fitness issues behind him this season, despite a small lay-off at the start of the campaign. Arteta hopes he can welcome his integral midfielder back to the fold soon, although he is yet to train with the squad since picking up the issue. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table The Spaniard said of Partey: "He's not fit. He didn't even train with us yesterday. He probably needs another week." Speaking in Friday's press conference, Arteta had sounded optimistic that Partey could yet make the squad. “We have to assess him today again,” he said at London Colney. “He had some discomfort, a little muscle discomfort. We have to assess him and see how he is.” Partey has been a mainstay for Arsenal this season, playing 18 times in the Premier League and scoring twice. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Jorginho's first start in the Premier League for Arsenal was a difficult one as City eventually gained control in the second half at the Emirates Stadium. The Italian provides a totally different skill set to Partey as he relies on his technical and passing ability when attempting to dictate. Partey is more of a box-to-box midfielder that likes to affect the game at both ends of the field. Arsenal left-back Oleksandr Zinchenko has been impressed with the impact he has had on the squad. "He is an amazing player, big personality. Huge experience as well," the Ukrainian said. "He is a winner, he knows how to win. And for sure he's going to help us a lot." Jorginho cost Arsenal in the region of £12million including add-ons on transfer deadline day after the Gunners abandoned their pursuit of Moises Caicedo. Edu saw two bids rejected by Brighton for the Ecuador international, who stayed put at the Amex despite handing in a transfer request. Fellow January signing Leandro Trossard was also in the starting line up alongside Jorginho at Villa Park for the first time since arriving from Brighton.