The Queen would reportedly say the same thing every week before Prince William would visit her for tea, a royal expert has claimed. Princess Diana's former butler Paul Burrell, who worked for the Royal Family for over two decades, spoke out about a core memory between grandmother and grandson. Speaking on behalf of Slingo, Mr Burrell said: "Even going to school, Harry followed William’s trail. "Diana was acutely aware of that because when William was destined to go to Eton, there was no choice for William but Eton, granny had a say in that because every Sunday granny would say to me, ‘William’s coming round for tea with his policeman so put an extra cup and saucer on the table’." He added: "She [Queen Elizabeth II] would teach him things in the Oak Room at Windsor which now he stands in as Prince of Wales." Speaking of the past, he added: "One day he will stand in that place as king and remember that little tea table with two places in front of the open fire where he would sit with his granny as she taught him about affairs of state which is quite incredible. So I’ve seen that development grow." READ MORE: Meghan was 'treated differently' as first black person 'working in the royal C-suites' Prince William enrolled at Eton in 1995 and, although not the first royal to do so, he was the most senior. Breaking away from royal tradition, royals previously were forced to attend a boarding school in Scotland, Gordonstoun. Despite this, both Diana's brother and father were students at Eton. The late Queen notably atteneded constitutional history lessons at Eton, although she was not an official student at the college, which was founded in 1440. READ MORE: King Charles offers President Zelensky key gesture with 'meeting of minds' at Palace today Aged 13, William arrived at the school for his first day accompanied by both his parents, who were at that time already separated, and younger brother, Prince Harry. The reason that William, and Harry, attened Eton was due to their father, King Charles III disliking the school he, himself, attended in Scotland. For his university studies, Prince William attended the University of St Andrews, in Scotland. The education establishment, that is now attended, as of 2022, by his cousin Lady Louise Windsor, is where the heir to the throne met his future wife, Kate. DON'T MISS Now all of school age, William and Kate's three children all attend Lambrook School, following their move to Windsor in 2022. It is the first time that William's youngest, Prince Louis, has attended the same school as his elder brother and sister.