Manchester United drew 2-2 with Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. Marco Asensio and Robert Lewandowski netted for the home side, with Marcus Rashford and a Jules Kounde own goal registered for the Red Devils. It was an entertaining night at the Nou Camp, with both sides producing a game to remember. United had gone into the game hoping to build on their recent 2-0 victory over Leeds. Yet while they were unable to do that, they still put in a strong showing on a blockbuster night at the Nou Camp. United went behind in the 50th minute, with Alonso rising to head home a corner ahead of Fred. However, the Red Devils then turned the tide with two goals in seven minutes. Rashford struck them level, with Kounde then putting the ball into his own net. Raphinha’s curling effort in the 76th minute was enough to earn Barcelona a point. And Express Sport now takes a look at four things we learned from the contest. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford United lacked spirit last season as they imploded under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Not anymore, however. Gladiators rose up in Catalonia at the scene of arguably the club’s greatest-ever triumph, the 1999 Champions League final victory over Bayern Munich. Fred and Casemiro refused to let Gavi and Pedri play and dictate proceedings, with the pair stifled - something they’re not normally used to. Aaron Wan-Bissaka was a warrior, too, with the former Crystal Palace star sticking to his tasks diligently. And then there was Rashford, whose power, pace and potency caused Barcelona all sorts of problems during the game. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Back in the summer, it was an open secret that United wanted to sign De Jong. Ten Hag had worked with the Netherlands international at Ajax and wanted a reunion to kickstart his time at Old Trafford. In the end, however, United missed out - which led to the club spending big on landing Casemiro from Real Madrid. Both players started on Thursday night for their respective clubs and it was Casemiro who had the better evening of the pair. Paul Scholes compared the Brazil international to Roy Keane prior to kick off and those comparisons look more and more accurate with each passing game. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United still need to be more clinical in front of goal, as their failure to beat Barcelona proves. They should have gone ahead early on through Wout Weghorst, with Marc-Andre Ter Stegen managing to keep the Netherlands international at bay. Jadon Sancho was guilty of some poor finishing, too, with the England forward missing two key chances. And Rashford should even have scored before he did, with Ter Stegen again the hero for Barcelona as they dug deep to initially keep the visitors at bay. It’s no wonder United are looking at new forwards for the end of the season, with Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen two players on their radar. Starting Luke Shaw at centre-back was a risk, given the England international is a left-back by trade. And the same can be said of deploying Weghorst as a No 10, with the 30-year-old usually playing up top. However, Ten Hag’s risks paid off on a stirring night in Catalonia - even if they were unable to leave the ground with victory to their name. United were the better team and actually deserved the win. Despite the result, fans will now be daring to dream of just what this team can achieve between now and the end of the season.