Chelsea flop Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has recently been linked with a move to MLS champions LAFC after the Gabonese striker was essentially told he was surplus to requirements by Graham Potter. Aubameyang was removed from their Champions League squad ahead of the knockout stages, but there are concerns he may not be the right fit for LAFC either. With the European transfer window closed, it leaves Aubameyang with limited options should he look to escape Chelsea before the end of the season. After signing for Chelsea last summer, Aubameyang has been used sparingly and in 2023 he's essentially been told he is not in Potter's plans moving forward. The 33-year-old was signed under Thomas Tuchel, but following a huge $400million (£332m) spend in the January transfer window, he's moved even further down the pecking order under their new boss. If Aubameyang wishes to leave Chelsea in the near future he will have to secure a move outside of Europe, and according to MLS insider Tom Bogert, LAFC have been in talks regarding a potential move. But former MLS star Herculez Gomez does not think Aubameyang is the right signing for LAFC. LAFC are in desperate need of a new striker, and will especially want a new star player after Gareth Bale announced his retirement. Not only did Bale hang up his boots ahead of the 2023 season, talented forward Cristian Arango secured a move to Mexican title-holders Pachuca on Wednesday. The MLS champions still have a whole host of talented stars on their roster, but are missing a clinical no.9, something they'll wish to resolve before the season starts on February 15. Aubameyang has emerged as potential solution to their problem, but Gomez doesn't think the Chelsea star fits LAFC's plans, and has urged them to find a better 'fit'. "No, not as a starter. And you're not bringing him in to sit on the bench," Gomez explained. "Why not? Because Chicho Arango, who was a goal scorer and produced so many dangerous plays for LAFC, who was for all intensive purposes already a DP (Designated Player) in his numbers on the field, was being asked to do all those other things. "The high press, the defensive scheme, the work rate, I don't think you're going to get that here. But it doesn't mean you can't be a good player, it doesn't mean he can't be a star player in Major League Soccer. "With this LAFC, I don't know if it's the best fit or the natural fit. That being said, those players can find a way to impact the game anyway." Talks reportedly continue between the clubs, although they are not close to an agreement yet due to financial pressures. For LAFC to bring Aubameyang in they would need Chelsea to cover most of his salary, while the Blues may wait to see if another side are willing to take on more of the financial strain.