Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag travels to the Nou Camp with five injury absentees and two suspensions as he prepares to try and halt Barcelona's 11-match winning streak on Thursday evening. With kick-off for the first leg of a heavyweight Europa League knockout round play-off closing in, Express Sport takes you through how the Red Devils are likely to line up... Goalkeeper: De Gea Although his contract situation remains uncertain, David De Gea has been United's undisputed No 1 this season, playing every match of their disappointing Europa League group stage campaign which left them behind Real Sociedad on goal difference. Tom Heaton and Jack Butland will wait in the wings, but with so much at stake and a high-calibre opponent to deal with, it would be a surprise to see Ten Hag plump for anyone other than De Gea between the sticks. READ MORE: Elon Musk net worth is 7 times the royal family as Man Utd takeover eyed Defence: Dalot, Varane, Shaw, Malacia Diogo Dalot's return at right-back has been warmly welcomed by United fans, despite the strong recent showings of Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Lisandro Martinez's suspension has caused a shake-up elsewhere in the back-line, with Luke Shaw likely to start out of position in central defence. The experienced head of Raphael Varane could therefore prove crucial on Thursday night, and the former Real Madrid star would surely love to get one over on his former foes. With Shaw drafted centrally, Tyrell Malacia is the prime candidate to play left-back in Catalonia. DON'T MISS...Man Utd turn to 'specialists' to assess Greenwood as interview plannedHarry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision loomsChelsea have Joao Felix belief after devising 'summer transfer plan' Midfield: Fred, Casemiro, Fernandes With the exception of Christian Eriksen, Ten Hag is somewhat fortunate that the wave of injuries and suspensions in midfield mainly affect his back-up options. Donny van de Beek and Scott McTominay remain with Eriksen in the treatment room, while January signing Marcel Sabitzer is suspended for the Barca clash. The return of Casemiro will relieve United fans following his red card against Crystal Palace earlier this month. Fred has been in solid form and could feature as part of the midfield trio, with Bruno Fernandes poised to be given license to venture forward and support those in attack. Attack: Sancho, Weghorst, Rashford Antony's injury has cleared a path for Jadon Sancho to stamp his authority on the first team, following a period away to regain fitness. He scored against Leeds United last week and could be in line to start again on the right wing. The continued absence of Anthony Martial means that the towering figure of Wout Weghorst is likely to continue through the middle, where he will hope to bring the rampant Marcus Rashford into play amid a period of scintillating goalscoring form.