Chelsea have continued to flaunt their financial might by handing out the most lucrative first professional contract in the club's history. Todd Boehly and Clearlake have splashed over £500million on 16 signings since buying the club last year, but they are also investing in their future. According to the Mail, Chelsea have awarded striker starlet Jimmy-Jay Morgan a record-breaking professional contract. They completed a deal worth up to £6m to sign the 17-year-old from Southampton in January and have already indicated how highly they rate him. Morgan was previously in Chelsea's ranks before moving to Southampton aged 11 as his family lived on the south coast, and commuting to London for training became untenable. So he will consider his return to Stamford Bridge as somewhat of a homecoming as he eyes the next stage of his promising career. Morgan featured on the bench in Southampton's Premier League clash with Brighton and Hove Albion earlier this season. JUST IN: Graham Potter offers nine-word response over permanent Felix transfer  However, Nathan Jones publicly stated the England U17 international wasn't yet good enough for senior football after rejecting a contract extension at St. Mary's before his Chelsea move. He said: "Jimmy [Jay Morgan] was a young, really talented player for us. We'd like to keep all of our talented players, but it got to a point where we weren't able to do that. He goes with our blessing. "Football is categorically different from when I came through, but the world has changed, and people are in different places, so it is wrong for me to comment on the motivations of young players or whoever it is. "All I can say is that Jimmy was a great lad when he was here. When he trained with us, you could see that he wasn't ready for our first team yet, so whatever decision they make around that is fine. DON'T MISS Spurs could sign four Benfica stars if they appoint Rui Pedro BrazMan City rivals 'left raging' by Pep Guardiola press conference rantMan Utd face awkward PSG confrontation as Emir of Qatar outlines plans "I don't think we should be making a big deal of it. We've got a fantastic academy and will produce players. "We're sad to lose someone of his ability, but it got to a point where we couldn't keep him for whatever reason that is, and I'm sure the club will be well compensated so we can go again and invest in someone else. "All I can reiterate is that there is a pathway here for players, and if they want to buy into that, then they will be given an opportunity." Morgan is under contract in west London until June 2026 and is expected to initially bolster Chelsea's youth teams. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here