The outspoken TV presenter paid tribute to the actress who died aged 82 this week due to a brief illness. Sharing his tribute to his eight million Twitter followers, Piers Morgan recalled Raquel Welch making a last minute U-turn after inviting him to her hotel room.  He tweeted: "RIP Raquel Welch. A wonderful lady.” "On the day of our Life Stories show, she invited me to her suite at the Dorchester but rang to cancel as I was excitedly en route.”  He explained the star dropped out of their date by saying: “Sorry Piers, I just remembered I never take tea in the morning with any man I haven't slept with” Fans flocked to his page to comment on the host's funny story and share anecdotes about the Hollywood icon   READ MOREl Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia A follower tweeted "A beautiful and iconic lady and actress. I really enjoyed many of her films too. “Some are a bit dated today, but at the time as a kid too, they were great. RIP." While another recalled the Life Stories episode where Raquel appeared as a guest, writing: "My memory of that interview was when she came into the studio pre-show and instructed the lighting director as to how she wanted her lighting!" While a third added: “Thank you for posting this. My favourite memory of Raquel is when I threw her flowers during her curtain call when she starred in the George Bernard Shaw play, "The Millionaires " at a Massachusetts theatre.” “Just as lovely and gracious in person as she was on the silver screen.” The hilarious encounter comes as leading Hollywood actors paid tribute to the Three Musketeers actress. Reese Witherspoon, Paul Feig, Jackie Hoffman, and Law and Order star Christopher Meloni were among the first to offer condolences. Reese who worked with Raquel on the hit 2001 film Legally Blonde star posted on Social media about her passing and wrote: “So sad to hear about Raquel Welch’s passing.” DONT MISS: Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [LATEST] Alan Rickman turned down legendary movie in a rage - 'Hell is this' [INSIGHT] Raquel Welch was much more than just a sex symbol [LATEST] “I loved working with her on Legally Blonde, she was elegant, professional, and glamorous beyond belief.” “Simply stunning. May all her angels carry her home.”   Paul Feig worked with the star when she appeared on the hit '90s teen show Sabrina the Teenage Witch.   He wrote: “I had the great pleasure of working with Ms. Welch when she was a regular on Sabrina the Teenage Witch and she was Awesome.  “Kind funny and a true superstar whom I was pretty much in love with for most of my childhood. We’ve lost a true Icon.”  While Christopher Meloni wrote simply: “Raquel Welch dying is a very weird feeling.”  The Muppets' official social media pages also paid tribute to the star, who turned heads when she appeared on the hit children's show.   They posted: “We’ll never forget our remarkable friend Raquel Welch, one of our favourite guests on The Muppet Show. "From dancing with a giant spider to inspiring @FozzieBear, and duetting with @MissPiggy, Raquel could do it all!”