Bathrooms are the ideal environment for mould spores to grow. Every time you have a bath or a shower or even use the sink, moisture and heat build creating a more humid environment for mould to thrive. Condensation, which is also common in bathrooms on the walls, tiles and around the windows, can also cause mould to grow. One of the most common places for mould to grow is around baths either on the grout or the sealant. Sealant and grout is seldom completely dried out, especially if you have a busy household where people have multiple baths and showers each day. With this in mind, fans and followers of cleaning influencer and expert Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their hacks for removing mould from bathroom sealant. The lifestyle and home influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her cleaning hacks, which she demonstrates in her own home at Hinch Farm, on the social media platform. Recently, fans of hers have taken to social media to share their own hacks for solving common household problems such as mould around the home. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ On one such group, Facebook user Hannah Manifold posted: “Is there anything I can use to clean this up? We are in a rental property otherwise I would rip this bathroom out a long time ago!” Hannah posted a photo of the sealant around her bath which was covered in black mould, particularly in the corners. The most popular response was to use bleach and toilet roll or bleach and cotton wool pads. Chanelle Lloyd said: “Put bleach on the black [stuff] and put toilet roll over the top and leave overnight. Will be gone by the morning.” DON'T MISS‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [INSIGHT]Three orchid mistakes to avoid making - correct care is ‘vital’ [UPDATE]‘Kill mould’ on walls in '10 minutes' using ‘the best’ natural item [ANALYSIS] Anita Bryce responded: “Just bleach and toilet roll, leave it to soak and it's fine the next day.” Lisa Inns commented: “Put bleach on a cotton pad and push on to it and leave overnight then remove it in the morning. It should be gone - that’s what I do.” Carole Orr wrote: “Spray bleach spray and leave for a while then wash off.” Christa Grant suggested: “Bleach, cover with tissue and leave for as long as possible then remove it and scrub.” Pat O'Brien agreed and posted: “Bleach, cover it with a cloth and leave it on the marks until morning. Then, wash off.” Kerry Cookoo Thompson responded: “Bleach on cotton pads on the black bits. Leave overnight. Boom. Gone.” READ MORE: I used baking soda to clean discoloured bathroom grout in 30 minutes Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Deborah Tredgold said: “Put bleach over the area and cover it in white toilet tissue in the evening. “Leave overnight and in the morning remove the toilet tissue and it should have disappeared. Sounds weird but it honestly worked!” Most households will have bleach in their bathrooms or under the sink but for those who don’t, it can be bought online or from your local supermarket. JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Thin Bleach costs 42p, Wilko Bleach Lemon and Mandarin costs 60p, M savers Thin Bleach costs 42p from Morrisons and Ocado Thick Original Bleach costs 90p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using mould spray, a steam cleaner, Mould Magic, Cif, Detail and Astonish Mould and Mildew spray. Coral Cotton responded: “Mould spray on those little cotton pads for make up. Leave for as long as possible (24 hours or longer if you can).” Alison Chan said: “If you have a steam cleaner with an attachment. We directed the nozzle from a steam cleaner and it came off really well.” Emma Louise Knight wrote: “Mould magic - spread it on and leave overnight. Keeps it away as well.” Liz Quick replied: “Cif black mould remover spray and leave as long as possible. Can use kitchen roll on top and spray for extra results.” Jan Mogg posted: “Dettol mould remover works a treat!” Heather Bennett said: “Astonish mould and mildew spray, only a £1. Spray and leave for an hour then wash off.”