Arsenal have been backed to blow their chance of Premier League glory by former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino, unless manager Mikel Arteta can fix the 'dangerous' pattern of going toe-to-toe with opponents during the title run-in, following a nervy win over Aston Villa on Saturday. The weekend's early kick-off started at a frantic pace, with Bukayo Saka's fierce strike cancelling out Ollie Watkins' opener. Villa edged back in front through Philippe Coutinho, sparking fears that the Gunners could lose yet more ground on Manchester City after their defeat to the Sky Blues in midweek. But Oleksandr Zinchenko started the comeback with a deflected second-half effort, and Arsenal hit the front for the first time in the 93rd minute, when Jorginho's rising shot cannoned off the crossbar, hit Villa goalkeeper Emi Martinez on the head and bounced in. Gabriel Martinelli made sure of the points by racing forward to pass into an empty net after Martinez recklessly came forward for a corner at the death. Although the celebrations were jubilant and Arteta claimed that the dressing room was bouncing after the game, Cascarino soon brought the Gunners crashing back down to earth. DON'T MISS: Chelsea star Azpilicueta 'went unconscious' and now in hospital "You're not going to win the title doing that - going toe-to-toe with the opposition," he told talkSPORT. "You're not going to win it. You've got to convince your players that they might have to win games 1-0 and yesterday was too toe-to-toe, it could have gone either way. "I think Arsenal need to be really careful about doing that. I always admired Leicester doing it two ways in one season when they won the title. They went toe-to-toe early on, and then they were quite cautious and didn't give much away. They got over the line. READ MORE...Football news LIVE - Man Utd team news, Chelsea make Potter decisionChelsea shown what they're missing in painful Southampton defeatArsenal boss Mikel Arteta labelled 'deluded and disrespectful'  "Arsenal need to get over the line if they're going to win the title. Going toe-to-toe... they're going to pay a heavy price. That's a bit dangerous for them. They're a better side than that and they can win games by keeping a clean sheet because they did it earlier on in the season. "There were alarm bells with Arsenal beating Villa in the manner they did because it could have gone either way. If you predicted, on 80 minutes, that Arsenal would go on to win that game 4-2, you're an absolute genius because it really was one of them - Villa could have snatched it as well."  Despite the close call, the Gunners' win was made even sweeter when City were held in a 1-1 draw at Nottingham Forest later on Saturday afternoon. Chris Wood scored with the Tricky Trees' only shot on target after Erling Haaland missed a sitter to put the game to bed. Having temporarily dropped into second, Arsenal are now two points clear with a game in hand on Pep Guardiola's title chasers. Arteta and co will have an opportunity to try and put together a more composed victory when they travel to Leicester next weekend.