Mark Edwards (played by Riley Jones) first met DCI Vera Stanhope (Brenda Blethyn) after he discovered the body of a mum at the side of the road. However, it didn't take the officer long to impress the detective as he quickly became an integral part of the team and is often seen doing the background work for the detective. After spending 12 years in the role, Riley opened up in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk about his future on the show. The actor went on to address whether there are plans for a series 13. Fans were left gutted last weekend when the final episode of series 12 played out, and while series 13 hasn't been confirmed, Riley shared his hopes of a return. "Yeah, I don't know," he admitted when quizzed on whether series 13 is on the cards. "I obviously hope there is and I'll be waiting to see if we get that call. READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson "And when we do it's all go, but I am in the know as much as you." When asked whether he thinks about his future as Mark and where his character will be in five years' time, Riley explained he tries not to. "I tend not to really because all of that is out of your hands as an actor really," he shared. "You just do what you can and then when the scripts come in, and you read them, you can't really have much influence over that." "So it's nice," the Mark Edwards star added as he paid a tribute to the "brilliant writers". "I mean, obviously all of the writers are brilliant, but what I think Sally does really well, is that she does think about the ensemble and some of those nicer moments. "What's nice about Sally's events and things, is it's really interesting to get to talk to the writers because we don't get to do that very often." "I am happy to be working and doing the job," he explained. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [NEWS]Pete Doherty's 'unrecognisable' appearance distracts The Last Leg fans [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Neville Parker future unclear [INSIGHT] Riley has worked alongside Brenda since 2011 and is often seen working alongside Jac Williams (Ibinabo Jack) and Kenny Lockhart (Jon Morrison) in the office. DCI Stanhope was originally paired with Joe Ashworth (David Leon) until his sudden departure in 2014. He was quickly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has remained by Vera's side ever since. The Mark Edwards star often keeps his social media followers updated both onscreen and offscreen. In a recent post, Riley reflected on his time on the show while looking at a billboard in New York. He penned: "Stood in Times Square looking up at a billboard for a show I’m in! "A show that has been part of my life for over 12 years. "A show that is about to air its 50th episode. "A show that highlights our beautiful North East to the world. Super proud and eternally grateful. #Vera." (sic) Vera is available to watch on ITVX and BritBox.