Ofcom has confirmed the BRIT Awards as a whole received 106 complaints, the "majority" of which were about Sam and Kim’s performance. The two took to the stage to perform Unholy alongside a swarm of backing dancers all decked in black leather while Sam donned a top hat with devil horns as the performance edged to its climax. While the performance included plenty of suggestive dance moves, it also ended with two dancers sharing a passionate kiss. The kiss was filmed up close for a few seconds after Sam had stopped singing before host Mo Gilligan moved on with the rest of the ceremony. Sam received a similar uproar for their performance at the Grammys which was also branded as “satanic” by disgruntled viewers. An Ofcom spokesperson confirmed to Express.co.uk: "The majority of complaints related to Sam Smith’s performance, with the remainder about the use of offensive language and consumption of alcohol." READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments While Ofcom received complaints about the performance, many ITV viewers made their thoughts known during the live ceremony. Twitter user @andyrobertsonn fumed: “Why is openly worshipping the devil not a cancelling offence? "Dangerous role models and unbelievably disrespectful to religious people.#Brits2023," they added. Elsewhere, Lee Jones raged: “Another demonic satanic performance by sam smith. A week after the grammy performance. #BRITs." This was echoed by @NorthernGunner1 who tweeted: “Sam Smith performing some satanic bs live on TV. #Brits2023." While @camy_934 weighed in: “Sam Smith's song 'Unholy' is blatant disrespect towards Christians and he's clearly making the sign of the cross while wearing devil horns! Absolutely disgusting. #Brits2023." There was some support for Sam and Kim's stint onstage, however, with Twitter user Zoe Lamb reacting by saying: “Sam Smith and Kim Petras’ performance of Unholy was truly ICONIC #Brits2023.” And @Hypowoman also defended the singer: “#Brits2023 At last something worth seeing! #SamSmith + Kim ... amazing!" DON'T MISS:Emmerdale fans spot 'ridiculous' flaw in Paddy Kirk’s disappearanceRuth Langsford jokes she 'almost threw Eamonn out' over possessionsCoronation Street newcomer opens up on 'difficult' storyline Besides Sam and Kim's performance, the BRIT Awards also sparked controversy thanks to a handful of musicians' antics. A musician for the band Wet Leg was censored during the live broadcast after he said "f*** the Tories" during the group's acceptance speech. Guitarist Joshua Omead Mobaraki yelled the expletive message towards the Conservative Party after he and his bandmates accepted the award for Best Group. Elsewhere, Tom Grennan was met with backlash after commenting on Ellie Goulding's "boobs" when they took to the stage together to hand over an award.   “They’re your real boobs?” Tom said to Ellie after noting her metallic breastplate to which she replied: “These are not mine. I wish. Mine are a lot further apart, sadly.” Ellie took the comments in jest as they moved on with the awards but Tom was later forced to apologise for his comments. After Ellie defended Tom further on Twitter in the aftermath of the remarks, Tom replied: “Love ya @elliegoulding. “What started as a joke between Ellie and I before we went on stage came out all wrong. "The nerves got the better of us, but that does not excuse what was said, and I sincerely apologise to anyone who was offended – that’s not me at all, and I am sorry.” The BRIT Awards 2023 are available to stream on ITVX now.