Russia's spring offensive will be a "bloody failure" with Vladimir Putin's forces suffering a "great loss of life", a military expert has claimed. Former Chef of the General Statt of the British Army, Lord Richard Dannatt, was responding to reports that Putin could launch another attack on the symbolic date of February 24th, exactly a year on from when the invasion started. But Lord Dannatt isn't convinced that Russia has the military strength to make the territorial gains it wants in Ukraine. Speaking to Times Radio, he said: "We have to take what the Russians say they have done at face value. It would appear they have coerced, and conscripted, a large number of their rather reluctant citizens into uniform, given them some rudimentary training, and shown every inclination to throw them into the battle. "So I think we will see some sort of further offensive by the Russians, but on the evidence of all we've seen so far over the last war, this is condemned to being a bloody failure, and a tragedy, for tens of thousands of Russian families. "I think we will see mass infantry attacks supported by artillery, and it will lead to great loss of life." The exact death toll Russian forces have endured is unknown given that the Kremlin does not release this data. The New York Times last week quoted US officials estimating Russian casualties as “approaching 200,000.” But other experts have put this figure as high as 270,000. Last September, Putin announced a "partial mobilisation" of Russian men as he aimed to boost his military numbers by 300,000. This also led to an exodus from Russia as many men tried to avoid being sent to fight in Ukraine. Ukrainian intelligence now says that "The Russian Federation is taking measures to ensure the next wave of mobilisation. Currently, they are actively building up capabilities to ensure the mass mobilisation of students from higher education institutions." READ MORE: Wagner Group boss accuses Russian military of 'treason' Asked how many losses Russia can take before its military ambitions become out of reach, Lord Dannatt replied: "You would have thought that any normal, vaguely open society would have begun to count the cost internally of what their leadership is putting them through. "But we know from all the sources of information available to us that the Kremlin does control all of the state media. They have been very careful to try and camouflage the extent of the casualties. "It is revolting really, what is going on. Frankly, I think we can all recognise that in 21st century Europe this should not be happening. "Therefore, all Western leaders should be doing their utmost to make sure the Ukrainians are supported to the maximum degree possible, and that this war is ended on the battlefield successfully for Ukraine as quickly as possible." DON'T MISSZelensky slams Berlusconi over former Italian PM's support to Putin [INSIGHT]Biden vows to defend 'every inch of NATO' in defiant warning [ANALYSIS]Orban blackmails EU with block to sanction package against Putin [INSIGHT] This week, US President Joe Biden travelled to Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. While there, he pledged another $500million in military support. Mr Biden also met with leaders of other European countries on NATO's eastern flank. Putin responded this week by suspending Russia's following of the New START nuclear arms treaty with the US. It placed limits on the weapons the countries could develop. Mr Biden has warned Putin he has "made a mistake".