Cristiano Ronaldo hit a first-half hat-trick for Al-Nassr as the former Manchester United favourite starred once again in Saudi Arabia. Ronaldo is finally settling into life in Riyadh after initially struggling with his new club. The 38-year-old rolled back the years as he speedily kept up with a sweeping counter-attack and provided a composed finish to put Al-Nassr 3-0 up against Damac in the Saudi Pro League. It completed a second treble in just three appearances for the Real Madrid icon. Ronaldo put his side ahead with a trademark penalty in the 18th minute. Five minutes later, he collected a cleverly threaded pass on the edge of the penalty area and drove home a left-footed strike. Al-Nassr then broke away on the counter-attack in the final minute of the first half and a team-mate unselfishly squared the ball into the path of Ronaldo. He swept his first-time effort into the top corner, barely breaking stride as he completed a rather easy hat-trick. JUST IN: Liverpool have staggering Premier League problem before Palace clash Ronaldo appears to be enjoying his football once again, having ended his ill-fated 18-month spell at United in November. Each of his Al-Nassr team-mates joined the beaming striker to celebrate his goals in the corner of the pitch. The reported £137million per-year star initially seemed to be struggling following his mega-money move to the Middle East. Scoring just once in his first three matches, Ronaldo was criticised by Al-Nassr head coach Rudi Garcia for a costly miss in the club's Saudi Super Cup defeat by Nuno Espirito Santo's Al-Ittihad. But the Portugal captain has now hit form after reportedly settling into a new Riyadh home with his young family. Ronaldo scored all the goals in a 4-0 thumping of Al-Wehda earlier this month, before assisting twice in a 2-1 win over Al-Taawoun last week. DON'T MISS...Man Utd may have Carabao Cup final advantage over NewcastleLiverpool team news vs Crystal Palace with Diogo Jota decision loomingAngry Chelsea fans send vile death threats to manager Graham Potter Ronaldo's three goals on Saturday mean he has now either scored or assisted Al-Nassr's last 10 goals. That form could catch the eye of one of Europe’s big-hitters, despite Saudi officials’ desperation to keep their league’s star player. Al-Nassr defender and former Bayern Munich ace Luiz Gustavo recently revealed that Ronaldo’s presence was making games harder for his team-mates. He explained to RT Arabic: “The presence of Cristiano Ronaldo gives his rivals more incentive to beat the league leaders. "Cristiano motivates everyone. His presence guarantees a great advantage to our group because we learn from him every day, given the great technical and physical qualities he possesses. Cristiano Ronaldo was created for challenges, and he always succeeds.”