Chelsea's inability to agree a new contract with Mason Mount could impact their plans to lure Declan Rice to the club this summer, leaving the door open for Arsenal to sign the West Ham captain, according to reports. The Blues are hoping to pair together Mount with his close friend Rice, but owner Todd Boehly must first end the contract saga which is beginning to cause some concern amongst club chiefs. With less than 18 months left on his contract, Mount is still no closer to committing his future to his boyhood club. The Blues have offered the midfielder a new contract which includes a bumper pay rise, but the 24-year-old has so far rejected the terms offered to him. Mount signed his current deal worth £60,000-a-week three years ago, which will keep him at the club until June 2024. But his weekly wage package makes him one of the lowest-paid earners at Stamford Bridge, with fellow Cobham graduate Reece James penning a new long-term deal worth £200,000-a-week in the summer. READ MORE: Chelsea face contract problem with Kovacic after Mount left 'unhappy' Chelsea are fully aware that Premier League rivals such as Liverpool and Manchester City have been monitoring his situation at Stamford Bridge and losing their former academy star Mount for nothing is a frightening prospect. Fresh talks are planned in the future, with Boehly keen to tie down Mount for the peak years of his career. But the club also fear what could happen if Mount refuses to sign on the dotted line. According to 90min, the west London outfit are aware that if they fail to convince Mount to renew his contract, it could affect their attempts to prise Rice away from West Ham. The pair are close friends on and off the pitch, having played together as schoolboys in the Chelsea academy before Rice was released age 14. And while it is understood Rice will not tie his decision to Mount's future, the report claims any 'negative experience' could cause problems in negotiations to capture Rice. DON'T MISSChelsea have themselves to blame as Mount puzzled by contract offerMount not happy as Chelsea talks 'break down' after new contract offerLiverpool have Premier League issue which may lead to Mason Mount bid As it stands, Chelsea are focusing on contract talks with several players after spending £600million since Boehly and Clearlake Captial took over in May 2022. That could prove to be a boost for Arsenal, who have made Rice their top summer target to bolster Mikel Arteta's squad. The Spaniard signed Jorginho from Chelsea in January as a short-term option, but England international Rice is viewed as a long-term leader for the Gunners midfield. West Ham have all but conceded they will sell the 24-year-old this summer if he refuses to sign a contract extension, with his contract also up in 2024. And if Chelsea are still locked in talks with Mount come the summer, they may miss out on the chance to reunite the midfield pair in west London.