Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola believes his team are back to their best ahead of the clash with Arsenal. City closed the gap on their title rivals to three points with a 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Sunday. City can go ahead of Arsenal at the end of a game week for the first time since August with victory at the Emirates on Wednesday. The Gunners dropped points again on Saturday when they were held to a 1-1 draw with Brentford. Guardiola's City have been below par since Christmas, suffering defeats to Manchester United and Tottenham, as well as crashing out of the Carabao Cup to Southampton. But in a warning to Arsenal, Guardiola reckons they are now back to their top form. He has seen improvement in training and with their performances in matches, singling out Kyle Walker in particular for an upturn in form. Guardiola said: "The way we have been in the training over the last week or 10 days, we have improved a lot. READ MORE: Arsenal need four players to step up to get title bid back on track  "Everyone is so focused. Kyle Walker is back with the way he’s behaving. The same with many players. "Behaving well is the only chance to be competitive. That doesn't make it easier for you to win but without that it’s impossible." Arsenal have lost their last six matches to City in all competitions, and 13 of their previous 14. They haven't beaten them in the league since December 2015, before Guardiola became manager. Mikel Arteta insists his players are in a "great place" ahead of Wednesday's game despite back-to-back poor results. He said: "You have to be at your best but against Brentford, it’s exactly the same. DON'T MISSRangers let opponents walk ball into net from kick-off after 20-man brawlCasemiro has received punishment at Man Utd he never had at Real MadridMan Utd boss Ten Hag may drop three players for Barcelona clash  "It’s not an issue the way the boys tried, and I look at their body language, their intentions and how much they want it, and the reaction when they drop two points, the way they dropped them. They are in a great place. "Every match is [important]. That’s been the case for the last two months, and today it was a massive game for us. It was a big game, and we are disappointed because we wanted all three points." City could be without Erling Haaland for the trip to north London. The striker was substituted at half-time against Villa with a thigh problem, though Guardiola played down any suggestion that the issue could be serious.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here