As we approach March many suppliers will be getting their plants ready for spring sales, but how can you fill your garden with colour, scent and texture without spending lots of money? The answer is plug plants. Not everyone knows about these wonderful plants, especially when it comes to herbaceous perennials and even shrubs and trees. Many gardeners will be aware of small plants or plug plants for growing on and filling hanging baskets, but there is a growing number of nurseries and suppliers who are providing both wildflower and cultivar plants for borders, raised beds and larger pots and containers. There are a few things you need to do, however, to get your plug plants off to a flying start. The great thing about plug plants is that you can find plants that aren’t normally available from garden centres primarily because they are grown from seeds or cuttings. They are young plants growing in some kind of medium. Many companies use coir pellets, netted compost or plastic modular units because they are lightweight. The packaging has also been designed with the gardener in mind, so that your plug plants can be sent through the post and through your letterbox. Once they arrive unpack your plug plants and quickly check them over. You should have healthy-looking leaves and stems and in a lot of cases a good root system developing. Plug plants do come in various sizes, so make sure you read the small print and fully understand what type and size you will be receiving. Sometimes, plug plants come grouped and wrapped in paper with labels. But however they arrive, ensure you have the following ready and waiting in the garden shed or in your potting area. You will need good peat-free multi-purpose compost and various sizes of pots, as well as a pencil or chopstick. The best ones to use are 9cm or 11cm pots, but if your plug plants are very small then you may need to grow them on a bit before planting them in a 9cm or 11cm pot. When your plug plants arrive they may be very dry because of the amount of time they have been in transit, or they could be moist and showing signs of condensation inside their small plastic ‘mini greenhouses’. If they are dry pour some water into the bottom of the plastic casing and stand your plug plants upright in the water for an hour or so. If they are moist then simply stand them upright and don’t water at this stage. DON'T MISSHouseplants to make a home smell ‘spectacular’ that lasts all year [COMMENT]Plant pot tip eliminates common reason 'houseplants are killed' [VIDEO]Plants to create a 'colourful focal point' in your garden [INSIGHT] Plant up immediately upon arrival. Slightly overfill a pot with compost. I find it’s easier to fill the pot completely, tap the pot on the work bench so the soil settles and then make an indentation with your fingers for the plug plant to drop into, rather than trying to hold the small plant and backfilling around the edges. Remove the plug plants from their mini modular tray using a pencil or chopstick. Holding a leaf and not the stem or roots drop it into the indentation. Once inserted there is no need to firm it in with your fingers. Give your plants some water and allow the excess to drain away. Place in a light spot away from frosts. A greenhouse, or cold frame for hardy annuals and perennials, is ideal. If you have a bright windowsill this will also work. Net curtains will help filter out the strong rays of the sun when the plants are very young, but once your young plants have reached 10cm in height, and the risk of frost is still around, remove the net curtains so that your plants can get enough daylight for strong growth. Don’t be tempted to cram all your plug plants into one pot or three to a pot. This is a waste of time. By planting them into 9cm or 11cm pots you give the pant time to set down roots and start to grow above the soil level in time for spring. Plug plants if kept moist, but not over-watered, can grow quickly. If you overwater, the plants will start to die as oxygen in the soil is replaced by water. Leave space around each pot to allow for the plants to grow and to receive light on all sides. Remember good ventilation is also key to keeping pests and diseases at bay. When spring comes and the weather starts to get warmer gently introduce your growing plug pants to the outside. This is known as hardening off. Leave them outside during the day but bring them in overnight. Of course, keep an eye on the weather forecast. You don’t want to put out young plants when frost is forecast. In the south you might be able to start hardening off plants towards the middle of April, but in the north, it could be as late as end-May. It should take between seven and 10 days to harden off your young plants. Now, I know it might be lovely to receive a plug plant in flower, but you need to be cruel to be kind. Snip off the flowers as all of the plant’s energy is going into flowering and not into root and foliage development. Also, as your plants grow it’s important to pinch out the tips to encourage side shoots, which means more flowers. Some plug plants are sold as garden ready. They have been grown on by the grower and shipped at the optimum time for you to get them straight into the ground. There is no growing required. This might suit you if you don’t have the space to grow plants on, but the range of plug plants is reduced.