The Government is promoting the introduction of this green technology into peoples’ homes which can reportedly lead to long-term savings on people’s energy bills. To do this, the Boiler Upgrade Scheme which offers people discounted prices on the price of installation of heat pumps. With the cost of living crisis looking set to continue for the foreseeable future, these discount schemes could prove essential for some homes. Heat pumps are technology which warms a home by transferring thermal energy from outside into circulating around a heating and hot water system. As part of the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, households can get financial assistance to cover the costs of installing these gas boiler alternatives to their home. However, only one grant can be awarded to each household and the scheme is currently available only in England and Wales. Notably, all the amounts being offered through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme do not cover the full price of the heat pump or its installation. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Here is a full list of the discount schemes to install heat pumps or other energy-efficient technologies into a home: Recent reports suggest the Government is considering banning gas boilers in an attempt to speed up the transition to a Net Zero future in the UK. However, experts are highlighting the expense of such a move on ordinary working families, even with the above support in place. Ben Dhesi, the creator of HUGO, shared why banning gas boilers could prove to be difficult for millions of households. He explained: "If gas boilers are banned, this means many households would likely need to transition to alternative forms of heating, such as electric heat pumps. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing "Unlike boilers, heat pumps are very energy-efficient, being able to produce up to three times as much heat as the electricity they consume. “This makes them a far more environmentally friendly option, but, unlike a gas boiler, the cost of installing these systems can be quite high, and some households may struggle to afford the initial investment, especially after a difficult few years with the current financial crisis.” Breakdowns of heat pump installation costs suggest that families will need to fork out £35,000 for homes. On top of this, Britons are already experiencing an unprecedented hike to their energy bills which could disincentivize them from investing in this environmentally-friendly technology. The energy saving expert noted that some households will be able to benefit more from installing heat pumps than others, and outlined why that should be taken into account. Mr Dhesi added: “While heat pumps are arguably more versatile than gas boilers, being able to both heat and cool homes, more powerful heat pumps that can service the average home cost anything upwards of £1,000, as well as added installation fees. “On top of this, heat pumps require a large amount of electricity, and with electric prices likely to rise even higher, this could lead to higher energy bills for some households, with electricity currency three times the cost of gas. “While heat pumps may be a good option for households in certain areas and circumstances, they will likely not be affordable for all households - unless the Government provides financial incentives or subsidies to help homeowners afford the cost of installing them.”