As house prices fall again for the fifth month in a row and mortgage approvals dipping to their lowest since May 2020, the majority of Britons are staying firmly put, and instead opting to ride out the property market storm. However, while waiting for it to pass, there are many lasting home improvements to suit all budgets that “can save money and add value to a property”, according to experts at Aluminium Windows and Doors. They have compiled a list of some “spend now save later” improvements for 2023. If cavity walls and loft space aren’t insulated, up to a third of heat within a home can escape, wasting energy and money, claimed the pros. Insulating cavity walls requires a registered professional and usually takes two to three hours to complete. The experts said: “The average cost of insulating cavity walls is £1800 for a detached house. However, it can save over £600 per year in energy bills and hence save money in the long term.” In addition to cavity wall insulation is loft insulation, where up to a third of heat can be lost. READ MORE: Four ‘main sources’ of heat loss in homes - ‘best’ tip to fix The pros continued: “Again, this is a job for the professionals, with the average detached house costing £900 to insulate. However, it could save up to £600 per year in energy bills. “Improving your insulation will also improve your home’s EPC rating, attracting a slight price premium when you come to sell it.” For those looking to further save on their electricity bills, installing solar panels is the way to go. The experts said: “By making your electricity, you could save around £300 per year and reduce your carbon footprint.” DON'T MISS‘Aggressive’ garden plants to ‘avoid’ - they ‘pierce through walls’ [EXPERT]Five ‘easy steps’ to bring your dull lawn ‘back to life’ for spring [TIPS]‘Effective and safe’ tips to stop cats and foxes pooing in your garden [INSIGHT] Solar panels aren’t right for every home, though, you’ll need a suitable amount of roof space (around 20 square metres), and a north-facing garden is not ideal. An unshaded, south-facing roof is ideal for maximum electrical output and east or west-facing roofs could still be considered. A system facing east or west will yield around 15 to 20 percent less energy than one facing directly south, according to Energy Saving Trust. While there are savings that can be made with solar panels, they also don’t come cheap. The average-sized system costs around £6,000. READ MORE: ‘Worst culprit’ for heat loss in your home - use ‘effective solution’ However, in addition to saving you money on electricity, recent research suggests that properties with solar panel systems can expect a price increase of up to two percent. All properties lose heat through their windows. But energy-efficient glazing, and other energy-saving measures, keeps your home warmer and quieter as well as reducing your energy bills. According to the experts, upgrading your home by replacing old and tattered single-pane windows and doors “will add value to your home and increase its curb appeal”. They explained: “Double glazing ranges in its energy ratings from A++ to E, so opting for A-rated windows and doors will retain the heat, reduce your heating bills and reduce your carbon emissions. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Even though PVC is the cheapest option for frames, installing aluminium windows and doors can save you money as they last longer.” By installing A-rated windows households can save anywhere from £40 to £155 a year on energy bills, according to Energy Saving Trust. Other ways to reduce heat loss through windows is through curtains and vents. Well fitting curtains and blinds can reduce heat loss through a window if drawn at dusk. Keeping the curtains open during sunny days where the sun shines through makes best use of the warmth from the sun. If you have trickle vents on your windows you can open some of them in the winter to improve air circulation and reduce condensation, without losing too much heat.