Although the couple seemed to be back on track following a series of disastrous events, it could soon be the end for Emmerdale’s Ethan Anderson (played by Emile John) and Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey). In scenes set to air next week, ITV viewers will see Ethan get a big shock amid his affair worries. Things haven’t been easy for Ethan and Marcus over the past few weeks following complications with Ethan’s sleazy boss Greg (Daniel Betts). Although he reported Greg to the company for groping Marcus, he was forced to drop the complaint after things took a turn when his boyfriend and Naomi (Karene Peter) tried to set a trap. Wanting to catch Greg acting inappropriately, they got Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) involved in their plan but the trio were rumbled and Marcus ended up punching Greg as things escalated. Not wanting Marcus to be charged with assault, Ethan dropped the complaint and the couple decided it was time for them to settle down together.  READ MORE:Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore   In another twist of events in their relationship, viewers saw Ethan messaging a mystery man, sparking worries that he was cheating on his boyfriend. Marcus then jumps to conclusions when he spots his partner getting into a stranger's car, although his concerns quickly disappear as the pair make up once again. Delighted they’re in a good place Ethan hopes to make things serious between them with plans to propose to Marcus. However, he’s unaware his beau is hiding secret guilt as Ethan’s in for a big shock.   A theory by Express.co.uk suggests Marcus was quick to jump to the idea Ethan was cheating on him due to his own infidelity. As their relationship has been up and down over the past few weeks, it’s possible Marcus has found it too much and has sought love from somewhere else. Although as it’s recently been revealed actor Darcy Grey will be leaving the show, it’s possible the upcoming revelation plays a part in his departure. The 31-year-old joined Emmerdale in February last year as the secret son of Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather). DON'T MISS... The Masked Singer's Fawn addressed as Nicole Appleton speaks on sister [THE MASKED SINGER] Emmerdale's Bob Hope and Bernice Blackstock accused of an affair [SPOILER] EastEnders fans crying as they fear Linda Carter derails without Mick [REACTION]    It’s believed the actor has already filmed his final scene and made the decision to leave the long-running drama to explore other ventures. Speaking about the exit, a source told The Sun: "Marcus' time in the village came to a natural end. “Darcy is keen to spread his wings but the door has been left open." His departure comes after executive producer Jane Hudson hinted last month his character Marcus and Ethan will go through “quite a journey” over the upcoming weeks.   She commented: “We've got our Anderson family – Charles, Ethan, Naomi and of course Manpreet, who's with Charles. They've finally got their own home – Charles and Manpreet – which is fantastic. "We are going to see Ethan go through quite a journey with Marcus on screen, which will result in Ethan being young, free and single – and where will that lead us to? "There is a lot going to be happening for Charles in particular, but I'm not going to tell you what that is at the moment – you're going to have to keep watching, because it's happening a bit further in the year." Emmerdale continues weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 