Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has threatened to take action over two incidents that occurred during the Gunners’ 4-2 Premier League win against Aston Villa on Saturday. The north London giants came from behind on two occasions to secure victory as they returned to the top of the table ahead of Manchester City’s clash with Nottingham Forest. According to The Mirror, Villa match analyst Victor Manas was fuming at the way Arsenal staff had celebrated their third goal in the press box and had to be held back from a physical altercation with Gunners assistant coach Miguel Molina. Incredibly, it was Molina who was ultimately ejected from the area. And when Arteta was asked if he had spoken to his member of staff after the scuffle, he replied: “No. Like anything that happens in the stands, we will look at it, address it and take action if it’s necessary.” Villa took the lead in the west Midlands courtesy of an early goal from Ollie Watkins, with Bukayo Saka and Philippe Coutinho then getting their names on the scoresheet in the first half. The visitors drew level for a second time just after the hour mark as Oleksandr Zinchenko scored his first goal for the north London club. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover LIVE: Qatar make £5bn offer, Sir Jim Ratcliffe bid, four buyers at table    Both teams had opportunities to win the match in the latter stages, with Arsenal eventually coming out on top courtesy of an own goal from Emi Martinez and a strike from Gabriel Martinelli in stoppage time at the end of the match. One Gunners player who was the victim of a number of heavy challenges was England winger Saka. And Arteta admitted he is getting used to the treatment dished out to the 21-year-old. “He’s fine,” explained the Spaniard during his post-match media duties. “He got kicked quite a lot today again. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race   “But he’s going to have to deal with that, not every week, but every three days and sometimes in training as well because it’s his game and teams are not stupid and they want to stop him. That’s why we need to protect him.” When questioned over whether the ace needed more protection, Arteta then added: “We will discuss that. We will look at the images again and report that if it’s necessary.” Arsenal’s victory at Villa Park means they have now won 17 of their 23 Premier League matches this season. Arteta’s side had been on a three-game winless run ahead of the clash but showed their resolve ahead of a kind run of fixtures. 