Premier League video assistant referee Lee Mason has been stood down for this weekend's round of fixtures following his error in the match between Arsenal and Brentford. The official failed to spot that Christian Norgaard was offside in the build-up to Ivan Toney’s equaliser on Saturday. The goal meant that Arsenal drew the match and allowed Manchester City to move within three points of them in the title race ahead of their clash on Wednesday. The Gunners were understandably furious, with The Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL) apologising and investigating the incident that evening. It emerged that Mason did not draw offside lines when reviewing the goal, failing to notice that Norgaard was battling to get back onside when a cross was delivered before teeing up Toney. PGMOL chief Howard Webb called an emergency meeting at Stockley Park following the weekend of football that was littered with officiating errors – including Brighton seeing a goal wrongfully ruled out for offside – and appears to have come down hard on Mason. The 51-year-old was not named on the appointments list for Premier League fixtures in the upcoming gameweek, which was announced on Tuesday. The decision to stand Mason down should take him out of the firing line whilst all eyes are on his decision-making, with Webb unhappy with the regularity of significant errors being made by his officials. Neil Swarbrick, who was on VAR duty for the match between West Ham and Chelsea on Saturday, has also been stood down. He failed to intervene and award the Blues a penalty late on in the match after Tomas Soucek blocked a goal-bound shot from Conor Gallagher with his hand. The apology from the PGMOL was issued to Arsenal and Brighton, though former Gunners star Kevin Campbell is disgusted that officials are even in a position where they should have to release statements. He furiously told Sky Sports: “For the head (Howard Webb) to come out and say that he’s forgotten the lines, it’s either one of two things, you don’t forget to draw the lines, that’s part of your job, so it’s either you’ve deliberately haven’t done it or you’ve forgotten. “And if you’ve forgotten to do it, you’re not fit to do the job. That’s as far as I’m concerned, and that’s not because I’m an Arsenal fan, that should be across the board.” It remains to be seen when Mason is reinstated by Webb or if he is ordered to spend some time out of action.