Forty years later and it still remains one of the most iconic and influential videos of all time from the red leather jacket to the werecat transformation and, of course, that zombie shoulder shuffle. Michael Jackson's album Thriller hit number one on the US charts on February 26, 1983 and smashed records by logging 37 (non-consecutive) weeks at the top through to April 14, 1984. It included numerous smash singles, including Beat It, Billie Jean and Wanna Be Startin' Somethin', but the final one, Thriller, entered pop culture history thanks to its extraordinary accompanying short film. Clocking in at almost 14 minutes, the Thriller video is a playfully pastiche horror homage from veteran director John Landis, expressly created following Jackson's dearest wishes. Yet, it ultimately left him barricading himself into his bedroom at home, crying and broken on the floor until the door was broken down. Landis later revealed the dramas behind the scenes and another request from Michael he had to deny. The Hollywood director's involvement with a music video makes sense since he had directed the big-screen musical caper Blue Brothers in 1980. But it was his next project, 1981's An American Werewolf in London which captured Jackson's attention and lead to a historic collaboration that gave MJ everything he dreamed of and the tore apart his world. Landis later said: "He was fascinated by the metamorphosis, by the transformation. He really wanted to turn himself into a monster, that was his desire he loved it... He wanted to turn into a werewolf on four feet, but I said, 'Mike if you're gonna dance it will be hard with four feet.' We decided on a two-legged werewolf." What followed was the most ambitious and expensive music video ever made at that time, still regarded as a masterpiece today – but it almost never saw the light of day. DON'T MISS:Michael Jackson's horrifying marriage demand devastated wife Lisa Marie Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie were secretly together for years after splitMichael Jackson idolised Freddie Mercury but Queen star fled recording session Landis later said: "He was fascinated by the metamorphosis, by the transformation. He really wanted to turn himself into a monster, that was his desire he loved it... "He wanted to turn into a werewolf on four feet, but I said, 'Mike if you're gonna dance it will be hard with four feet.' We decided on a two-legged werewolf." What followed was the most ambitious and expensive music video ever made at that time, still regarded as a masterpiece today – but it almost never saw the light of day. Excitement was high throughout the shoot, with major stars like Marlon Brando, Jackie Kennedy and Fred Astaire visiting the set. When it was finished, MTV was planning a major promotional campaign, while a world premiere was set for November 14, 1983, in front of a celebrity-studded audience including Diana Ross and Eddie Murphy. But then disaster struck. Michael was a devout Jehovah's Witness and the church leaders virulently attacked him over the subject-matter of the video. The stars' lawyer, John Branca revealed Jackson called him and demanded all the negatives were destroyed: "He said the Jehovah’s Witnesses heard he was doing a werewolf video. They told him that it promoted demonology and they were going to excommunicate him." Everyone agreed the negatives needed to be protected so they were taken from the labs and locked securely away in Branca's office. Meanwhile, the distraught star had locked himself in his bedroom. He was dedicated to his church – famously even going doorstepping in a hat and fake moustache to canvas for new converts – but he also deeply loved the Thriller video he had helped create. Jackson’s security chief, Bill Bray, called Landis worried about his charge who hadn't eaten for days. The director described the sad and broken man he found when he arrived at Jackson's Encino estate, Hayvenhurst House. Landis said: "Bill and I kicked in the door, knocked it down, and Michael was lying there. He said, ‘I feel so bad.’ I said, ‘Michael, have you eaten?’ He hadn’t eaten. It was weird. I just said, ‘Look, I want you to see a doctor right now.’ ” The following day, Landis went back to see the star to tell him they had not destroyed the negatives for Thriller. The director described how the star was utterly conflicted about the project, torn between two things he loved: "(Michael said) 'I’m sorry, John. I’m embarrassed.' "I said, Michael, I wouldn’t let it be destroyed. He went, 'Really? Because I think it’s really good.' I go, 'Michael, it’s great and you’re great.'" Even so, MJ hid in the projectionist's booth at the premiere and refused to come out, even when the cheering crowd including famous faces and friends demanded the whole video was immediately replayed. The video went on to make history, smashing sales records for a video and also doubling the sales of the album itself. However, Jackson insisted a disclaimer was shown along with the video which said: "Due to my strong personal convictions, I wish to stress that this film in no way endorses a belief in the occult." Later the star explained his actions: "I just intended to do a good, fun short film, not to purposely bring to the screen something to scare people or to do anything bad. I want to do what's right. I would never do anything like that again."