Kate Middleton, 41, visited Landau Forte College in Derby with Captain Preet Chandigarh MBE to celebrate her return from her solo expedition across Antarctica. She broke the world record for the furthest unsupported solo Polar expedition in history. The Princess of Wales looked fantastic in a cream blazer from Zara which she paired with navy blue trousers and trainers for the occasion. The description of Kate's blazer says: "Blazer featuring a lapel collar and long sleeves with shoulder pads. "Featuring front pockets with flaps and double-breasted front with textured gold-toned buttons." The blazer is currently on sale for £35.99, after originally costing a whopping £69.99. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims It is also available in fuchsia and black, if royal fans wish to look like the Princess of Wales. She paired the blazer with some navy trousers which looked fantastic on Kate. For footwear, she could also be seen wearing a comfortable pair of trainers, which makes a change from her usual stiletto heels. She wore her VEJA Esplar trainers in white with rose gold metallic detailing.  She debuted the VEJA sneakers during a visit to Scotland in 2021. The shoes feature the brand’s distinctive metallic V logo on the side. The shoes cost between £120.78 and £129.41 on Nordstrom, but look extremely comfortable. Their description says: "Named for the Brazilian NGO that brings technical support to organic cotton farming families, these court-inspired shoes are made to make a difference." The white Veja trainers are made from leather, they feature a round toe, a lace-up vamp, a cushioned footbed and a rubber sole. READ MORE: Princess Amalia suffers 'body shaming' during tour - a look at diet They have VEJA’s signature V logo on the side in a contrasting shade of metallic rose gold. The heel panel is also metallic and printed with the company’s name. Nearly everything Kate adds to her wardrobe these days is sustainable, showing Kate is a conscious shopper. The VEJA Esplar trainers are lined with a material made from 100 percent recycled plastic bottles, the laces are 100 percent organic, the insole is made from a mix of organic-sourced and recycled ingredients and the outsole is made from a mix of rice waste, new and recycled rubber.  The Princess joined in activities with Preet, including pulling two tyres which she used as part of her training. Royal fan @UdohQueen11 tweeted: "Catherine looks so elegant, focused and determined." Another fan, @Farah_Lou added: "Hello new Zara blazer". Royal watcher @cadimamartins wrote: "Beautiful".