She chose what she thought would be the high ground for a longed for constitutional tussle with Westminster. The Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill would be her Battle of Bannockburn. The bill sought to amend the Gender Recognition Act 2004 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, making it simpler for people to “change” their sex. Importantly, the Scottish reform allowed minors to apply for often irreversible surgical procedures to their genitalia. The bill was passed in Scotland just before Christmas 2022. Two-thirds of the Scottish Parliament voted for it. The overwhelming majority of the Scottish National Party, the LibDems, the Greens and Labour backed the proposition; only the Conservatives voted against. With cross-party support in Scotland and only the extremely unpopular Tories in opposition, Sturgeon decided to pick a fight. Following Boris’s defenestration, Truss’s implosion, and Sunak’s mandate-free invisibility, Westminster, it seemed, stood diminished; the political scenery propitious. In addition, “influential people”, such as our former Prime Minister Theresa May and our current Education Secretary Gillian Keegan, on the government’s benches stood four square behind Sturgeon in support of a topic that is incongruous to the vast majority. Further, Sturgeon had the backing of the UN, in the shape of two representatives, Victor Madrigal-Borloz, an “expert on gender identity” and Reem Alsalem, United Nations Special Rapporteur on Violence Against Women who came to address Holyrood in support before the bill’s final debate took place. Fortune had provided Sturgeon an ideal opportunity to go for a constitutional freedom dash, or so it seemed. Unfortunately, something unexpected happened. Sunak disagreed.  On January 17 2023, he and his Government used section 35 of the Scotland Act 1998 to block the bill from receiving royal assent. It was the first time in 25 years that section 35 had been used. To make matters worse, fate intervened to reduce this hitherto supposedly untouchable Scottish politician to rubble. A convicted rapist, a man by definition according to Scottish law, identified as a woman before trial and was sent to a women’s facility to await sentencing, causing a national outcry. This was Sturgeon’s bridge too far. The absurdity and danger of the entire “Trans-ideology” became incontrovertible. It became obvious to the large majority that biological reality could not and should not be ignored. Further, to deny the observable truth in order to uphold the subjective feelings of anyone, let alone a convicted criminal, was perhaps fine in voguish Universities, but in the real world, it was nothing more than the height of irresponsibility. If a State, as represented by Sturgeon and her acolytes, cannot not tell us what a woman is, it has no business legislating. It cannot claim any authority whatsoever when it comes to taxing and spending our wealth.  From that point on, everything unravelled for her and her causes: Gender and Independence. What had seemed like a sure bet when she initiated the process, disintegrated into a national joke. Having built her case on the treacherous quicksand of a deeply unpopular and bullying Gender-ideology, Sturgeon’s credibility sank like a stone - Despite having much of the establishment on her side. Not for the first time, the establishment compromised its very own credibility on the altar of fashionable ideas. However, she only lost because someone told her “no”. That person is Sunak. In other words, Sturgeon’s demise is Sunak’s first notable victory. Having been told for years that Sturgeon was a political giant, most politicians across the United Kingdom were reluctant to challenge her. Her success had probably more to do with the pusillanimity of her opponents than her genius: The moment someone pushed back, she crumpled. The lesson for Sunak if he is to survive politically is straightforward: on certain things, it is worth not compromising. The Constitution and our Sovereignty are cases in point.  When asked by Piers Morgan what a woman was, Rishi Sunak replied: “I know what a woman is – an adult human female”, adding “biological sex matters”. In so saying, he reaffirmed a truth that has been with us since the dawn of time and reassured most of us that some of our politicians at least still understand the basics. It is with this type of simplicity that he must deal with his other, numerous, opponents, in particular when it comes to the integrity of the United Kingdom The United Kingdom is a sovereign state. It comprises England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. There can be no hard borders within the United Kingdom. To grant a foreign power the right to adjudicate over any part of our territory without the freely given consent of his Majesty subject via the ballot box is an impossibility, if not a detestable act of needless capitulation. Standing on this solid piece of intellectual rock, this position makes any negotiation with the European Union simple, if not easy. After all, if the borders of nations are worth fighting for, why would ours be compromised and given freely to a body that has repeatedly shown it would rather see us subjected and humiliated than free and thriving. The Gender Recognition Act was Sturgeon’s Battle of Falkirk when Edward I defeated the Scots led by William Wallace in 1298, who promptly resigned his Guardianship of Scotland. Rishi should use this victory over Sturgeon as a template when confronting the European Union, side with our uncompromised territorial integrity, and be remembered by history as more than a guy who lost his way to Number 10. 