The Channel 4 competition series sees B&B owners testing out each other's businesses before scoring each one. In the end, one is crowned the winner. A recent Four in a Bed episode saw father and daughter duo, Dean Munday and Abby, left astonished by some of the feedback their Derbyshire guesthouse, and although Dean branded it "disgusting," the pair vowed to "double-check" things next time. The family team were left mortified whilst reading through the feedback left by guests. These included Becky and Tom Richardson, who own a glamping-style business in Lancashire, and Terry and Rachel Christie, who run a Northumberland inn. While the hosts themselves were scored highly by both couples, cleanliness and breakfast weren't as highly praised. As Dean and Abby sat down to read the comments, they were clearly unimpressed. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale One couple had marked breakfast as a three out of 10, which troubled Dean. "I know everything was cooked to perfection," he argued before reading further. He narrated: "Toast and coffee - nice, poached egg - undercooked," before pausing. Turning to Abby, he seem frustrated as he remarked: "They were perfect..."  Abby agreed: "Well, they looked perfect to me, but..." "They were absolutely perfect, the poached eggs were," Dean repeated. Abby read on: "Disappointed with the hygiene..." before both paused again. "Bit shocked at that," Dean added before Abby admitted: "We'll just have to double-check it I guess." DON'T MISS... Danny Dyer says he 'smelt of a***' filming final EastEnders scenes [LATEST]EastEnders chaos as Patrick Trueman caught up in Denzel Dane's lies [SPOILER]Jeremy Clarkson breaks viewing records for Prime Video despite column [LATEST] "We'll just have to double-check, yeah," Dean agreed as both seemed disheartened by the comments. One, in particular, seems to have stunned Dean as he went on: "Can't believe they gave us a three for that breakfast, that is... that's disgusting." Before turning the page, he asked his daughter: "Do you think they'll stay here again?" "No," Abby responded immediately, to which Dean stated: "No, I don't." Their prediction turned out to be correct as the couple had answered that they would not stay at the B&B again. "It's a no," Dean confirmed. "Bit disappointed in that." The remarks came as both couples had issues falling asleep next the the "noisy" roadside. Rachel and Terry confessed they had "expected more" from their room, which had cost them £75. Four in a Bed is available to watch on All4.