Princess Beatrice and Eugenie may have always been joined at the hip, but who are Beatrice's other royal pals? Body language expert Judi James gave her hot take on her best friends - and one might surprise you. Judi started by recognising the unbreakable bond between Beatrice, 34, and younger sister Princess Eugenie, 32. Beatrice and Eugenie, together with mother Sarah Ferguson, refer to themselves as the "tripod". Having shared the very unique experience of growing up in the Royal Family under the spotlight, the pair have an extremely tight, sacred bond. Nowadays, the royal mums both have children growing up alongside each other, Beatrice's Sienna and Eugenie's August - plus new bump. READ MORE: Charles' closest royal friendship could have been 'dangerous' - claim The expert stated: "Beatrice and Eugenie had a very traditional royal upbringing in terms of friendship. "Like the late Queen and her sister Margaret, the two girls have always been almost welded together in a sibling double act, appearing to enjoy the love and warmth together than shared experiences and unique status have created when it comes to loyalty and trust. "Up until their marriages it was hard to find poses where the sisters were not side-by-side, but there are two other potential royal friendships that seem to be important in Beatrice’s life." One of Beatrice's closest friendships in the Royal Family might come as a surprise, as said friend is only seven years old. According to Judi there is a "young royal who seems to have a special affection for Beatrice and visa versa". "The pose where little Princess Charlotte gazed up at her ‘auntie Beatrice’ at Eugenie’s wedding showed Beatrice could well be Charlotte’s favourite royal friend." The expert also observed a moment between the two friends where young Charlotte comforted Beatrice. "There was an even more touching moment between the two at Philip’s memorial service. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' "Beatrice was overcome by emotion during the service, weeping loudly and even hiding her entire face behind her hymn sheet at one point. "It was little Charlotte who looked back from the front row with an expression of concern, prompting Beatrice to offer a small smile and nod of thanks to reassure Charlotte she was okay." Another close friend of Princess Beatrice's is Autumn Kelly, Peter Philips' ex-wife. Judi explained: "A happy and relaxed-looking Canadian, Autumn was always a very popular member of the Royal Family and her divorce seems to have done little to change that." The pair have been snapped being very tactile with each other, holding each other's arms, hugging and joking on numerous occasions. Judi commented: "Her body language with Beatrice suggests a rather fun, joyful friendship, with Beatrice looking excited to be in Autumn’s company and even a little in awe of her confidence. "We can see Beatrice making Autumn literally bend backwards from the knees in open-mouthed laughter and Beatrice standing gazing in awe at Autumn with her hands clasped together at chest level, watching her speak. "Theirs is also a very tactile relationship, with mutual arm-clasping that seems to last well beyond their greeting ritual when they catch up at the races.