Christina Applegate's career was going from strength to strength, having a leading role in Netflix's Dead to Me and 2015's Vacation. However, all changed in 2021 when Christina, 51, was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis (MS), leaving the actress to speak out about her experience a year after diagnosis. Christina started experiencing leg pain and tremors that same year while filming Dead to Me, with the actress eventually being diagnosed with MS. MS is an autoimmune condition that affects random parts of the central nervous system, resulting in unpredictable physical, cognitive, and emotional symptoms. There is currently no cure for MS, but different drugs and complementary therapies can typically help manage the symptoms or even slow the progression of the condition. Production of the series was then halted in May 2021 to accommodate Christina, with the production wrapping up in early 2022. READ MORE: Fern Britton pines for former family life as she yearns to go back In a new interview, the Hollywood actress admitted that it took her months to watch the final season of the Netflix drama, due to seeing her MS on screen. She said to the Los Angeles Time: "I don't like seeing myself struggling. "Also, I gained 40 pounds because of inactivity and medications, and I didn't look like myself, and I didn't feel like myself. "At some point, I was able to distance myself from my own ego and realise what a beautiful piece of television it was. "All the scenes I wasn't in were so much fun to see and experience for the very first time." Christina opened up about her MS diagnosis on Instagram in August 2021 with a short statement. It read: "Hi friends. A few months ago I was diagnosed with MS. It's been a strange journey. "But I have been supported by people I know who also have this condition. DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's ex gave her a list of areas to work on prior to split [INSIGHT] Gemma Atkinson 'betrayed' after close friend leaked pregnancy news [COMMENT] Harrison Ford addresses 'grumpy' interviews and 'disorder' claims [HOLLYWOOD] "It's been a tough road. But as we all know, the road keeps going. Unless some a*****e blocks it." Christina made a bold statement with her nail art as she received a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame in November last year. The actress rocked a custom dark-hued manicure with letters that spelt "f u MS." Using a cane, Christina alluded to her diagnosis with her trademark humour during her acceptance speech, noting she couldn't "stand for too long."  She quipped: "Oh, by the way, I have a disease. Did you not notice? I'm not wearing shoes! "Anywho, you're supposed to laugh at that." According to the National MS Society, for people with MS, sensory issues like numbness and pins and needles can make wearing anything on the feet feel uncomfortable. During the ceremony, Christina became overcome with emotion, describing the day as meaning "more to me than you can possibly imagine". She also thanked her family and friends for their support, including the Dead to Me creator Liz Feldman and co-star Linda Cardellini, who were in the audience.