Serena Williams expects to be in tears when she attends the Super Bowl LVII clash between the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday night - but not because of the action. The tennis icon, who retired at the US Open amid emotional scenes last September, will be one of numerous star studded guests at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. And as is always the case, much of the hype will surround the half time show during the NFL's showpiece event. The national anthem will be performed by eight-time Grammy award winner Chris Stapleton, while Emmy award winning actress and Broadway star Sheryl Lee Ralph will perform Lift Every Voice and Sing. Another famous artist and Grammy winner, Babyface, will belt out America the Beautiful. But the highlight for 23-time Grand Slam winner Williams will undoubtedly be headline act Rihanna. And she's hoping to hear one song in particular, Lift Me Up, which the 34-year-old performed in the famous film Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Williams is no stranger to public displays of emotion, whether they be tears of angst or joy. Her emotions got the better of her on court as she bid farewell to fans at Flushing Meadows, but this time she envisages welling up for very different reasons. JUST IN: Why Philadelphia Eagles v Kansas City Chiefs could be 'closest Super Bowl in a decade' "I sure hope she (Rihanna) does Lift Me Up," the star told ESSENCE. "It makes me cry every time. It’s such a good song. I’m such a massive Rihanna fan. I just was so happy that she did that song for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever and I’m so happy that she is doing the Super Bowl. It’ll be really exciting." Williams, 41, poignantly added "I am lifted." Rihanna herself has admitted to nerves having not been on a stage for seven years, but said she had little hesitation in accepting the offer despite being three months pregnant at the time. She also hopes her appearance can lead to wider representation at such events. DON'T MISS:Super Bowl LVII: Strangest things NFL fans can bet on including colour of Rihanna's dressFormer NFL star predicts 'era of dominance' for the four Championship teamsKansas City Chiefs' last two Super Bowls have had streakers and one is now worth £4m “Representing for immigrants, representing for my country Barbados, representing for black women everywhere," she told TV personality Nadeska Alexis last week. “That’s key and I’m honoured to be here, I’m honoured to be doing this.” Williams herself will also feature in the Super Bowl, via one of the commercials. She'll play golf alongside Succession star Brian Cox to advertise beer brand Michelob ULTRA.