McLaren star Lando Norris still has some way to go to convince Formula One fans that he is as good as Fernando Alonso following a bold claim made by team CEO Zak Brown. The American insists that Alonso is as good as any driver in F1 history, and that young Brit Norris matches the legendary Spaniard. Attention has been on Alonso ahead of the 2023 season following the 41-year-old’s switch from Alpine to Aston Martin. Brown has offered high praise to the former Ferrari ace but believes Norris is just as good. “I think he is as good as anyone on the grid and I’ve felt that from day one when I put him against Fernando in the 24 Hours of Daytona, foreign car, foreign track,” Brown said. “I think Fernando is as good as any F1 driver there’s ever been… and Lando matches him, and depending on what time of day it was, maybe he even got him a little bit, and vice versa. JUST IN: McLaren ‘make contact’ over unexpected Honda reunion “You see that natural talent. You do get some drivers who are a one-make discipline and you throw them in a unique situation and they don’t get up to speed as quickly.” However, Express Sport readers are not entirely convinced by Brown’s comments, nor Norris’ place among the world’s best drivers. Asked if Alonso is as good as any F1 driver in the history of the sport, 55 per cent of over 9,000 respondents voted ‘yes’, just about confirming his place among the elite. But 52 per cent of respondents disagree with Brown’s belief that Norris is as good a driver as Alonso. It seems that the 23-year-old still faces an uphill battle to be considered as one of F1’s greats. DON'T MISS...Brundle thinks Horner said something 'odd' about his Red Bull driversBottas opens up on 'exhausting' Hamilton partnership at MercedesWilliams hopeful new boss can share Hamilton and Mercedes ideas Norris still has plenty of fans within the sport, though. Reigning world drivers’ champion Max Verstappen believes the McLaren driver is among the stars who could challenge for the 2023 championship if given the right car. The Dutchman said last week: “[Lewis Hamilton is] one of the greatest drivers ever in the sport so, for sure, if he has the car to do it then he can fight for the title again. That's the same for George, for Charles [Leclerc] and for Lando – if you give them a car which is capable of winning a championship, they can." Norris has failed to win a race in his fledgling career, although has six podium finishes. His year will begin at the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 5.