Manchester United icon Roy Keane singled out two of Erik ten Hag’s stars for criticism despite the Red Devils reaching the Carabao Cup final with a 2-0 win over Nottingham Forest on Wednesday. Second-half goals from Anthony Martial and Fred within three minutes of each other sealed the victory on the night and booked United's place at Wembley, where they will face Newcastle. Keane was not impressed with the first-half performance of both Casemiro and Luke Shaw, however, pointing out that they were “going through the motions” as United held a 3-0 aggregate lead from the first leg at the City Ground and won 5-0 on aggregate. “United are going through the motions,” Keane told Sky Sports. “Casemiro, Shaw. We praised them before the game saying they’ll be focused and he’s gone with a strong United team, but United are definitely going through the motions, but they did obviously create one or two chances on the stroke of half-time.” Ten Hag made six changes from the 3-1 FA Cup fourth round win over Reading on Saturday, one was enforced as Fred replaced Christian Eriksen who faces several months on the sidelines through injury. Tom Heaton came in for David De Gea as the Spaniard was given a rare rest, while Shaw, Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane and Alejandro Garnacho came in for Tyrell Malacia, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Marcus Rashford. United looked stagnant while Forest enjoyed the better of the chances in the first half and although Ten Hag will be pleased that he has reached the first possible cup final since taking charge at Old Trafford, the performance will leave the Dutchman wanting more ahead of a busy period ahead.  United face three games in eight days starting with Crystal Palace’s trip to Manchester on Saturday before a double header against Leeds, which comes before their Europa League ties with Barcelona this month. Keane felt that some of the United players showed complacency against Forest, which Ten Hag specifically warned his squad against prior to the semi-final. ''We have to go into this game with know-how, it’s another cup and we want to go to Wembley,'' he said before the game. ''It’s a long time ago that Manchester United went to a final, and to win the final - that is our aim. So we have to do everything for it and that means we have to be fully focused, [have] full energy and a top game plan. We face a good team, Nottingham Forest, who are having a really good run. We have to be aware of that so it’s up to us.''