Heavily pregnant Gemma Atkinson replied candidly to a fan's question by revealing she'd never had any cosmetic work done on her face. However, the 38-year-old could be about to change all that, as she predicted that she could need some when she hits 40, thanks to partner Gorka and having two children with him. The former Strictly star, whose second baby is on the way, raised the topic after she was asked by a curious fan whether she'd ever taken the plunge and resorted to cosmetic treatments on her face. "I hope you don't mind me asking but have you had any 'work' done on your face? I haven't and feel like I'm the only one!" the follower confided. Gemma responded on her Instagram Stories: "Don't mind at all. I'm asked a lot", before admitting "I haven't had anything done [either]. "I've always said when I'm 40 I might have Botox!" READ NOW: Piers Morgan brutally mocks Madonna’s Grammys appearance She added that there was no reason to choose that specific age, but it was always the one that came up when she discussed the prospect with her friends. "Last week at work, me and @miketoolan caught sight of ourselves on our studio cameras and he looked like a sharpie, and my neck looked like a pelican bird," she chuckled. "We both convinced each other it was just a bad angle!" Perhaps in a reference to her pregnancy face, the stunning star joked: "I'll work on not looking like fat Puss in Boots first and see how my face looks in a few years." She added: "I'll prob need [Botox] by 40 with two kids and Gorka," punctuating her woes with a wink emoji. Gemma had clarified that she'd had no work done on her face at all, in comparison to her breasts, which she had enlarged to a 34E to assist with the glamour modelling phase of her career. Once a regular on the cover of lads' mags such as Loaded, she realised she wanted to go under the knife after training intensively caused the weight to drop off. She previously told campmates during her I'm A Celebrity appearance: "I've always had big boobs [but] I started going to the gym, lost loads of weight and my boobs just went [down]." DON'T MISS... Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES] Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE] Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW] Gemma, now 38, has been devoted to the gym for years, and previously joked that she was there so often, it was the location where her daughter Mia first learned to walk. However, the star, whose glamour model career began after a five year stint playing Lisa Hunter in Hollyoaks back in the day, hopes her child won't fall prey to the pressures of getting work done herself. She told Women's Health that her biggest fear is Mia breaking the news to her when she's older that she's trying a new injection in a bid to be thin. Meanwhile, Gemma is expecting a second child soon following a traumatic birth back in 2019 where she nearly died. Her daughter had been just 4lb10 when she was born and there were complications in her delivery, leading to an emergency C-section. Two hours after the birth, she fell ill and began haemorrhaging, leading to fears that she wouldn't pull through. "I don’t remember much other than having around nine doctors in the room, some injecting me, hooking me to drips, physically pulling clots out of me and one comforting Gorks who was beside himself in the corner," she recalled on Instagram at the time. Fortunately, Gemma survived, as did Mia - and they are now looking forward to welcoming the latest addition to their family.