Nicole Scherzinger, 44, has blasted claims that she has left her boyfriend, Thom Evans, 37, “distraught”. Taking to Instagram, the singer reassured her fans that the couple are still on track and hinted at upcoming Valentine’s Day plans. On Friday evening, an article was released with a source claiming that Nicole and Thom had ended their three-year relationship. The source claimed the Scotsman had been seen visibly emotional as he told his friends that “things had gone wrong”. They also noted that the rugby player would be staying in the UK “for the foreseeable future" while Nicole remained in Los Angeles. The source told the Sun: “They’ve had the most amazing relationship, and they’ve plastered it all over the internet for all to see – if anything a lot of people thought they were pretty smug about it to be honest, so there might be a bit of humble pie here.” READ MORE: Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update ahead of BBC Radio 2 absence However, the singer herself publicly denied all of these claims on Instagram, sharing a story with her 5.6 million followers. Nicole wrote over a screenshot of the latest headline: “Wow this is news to us. What a joke. “See you for Valentine’s Day babe.” (sic)  Thom also shared a similar image on his own story, with the very same caption tagging Nicole.   The couple have been public about their romance since meeting on a celebrity version of the hit talent show X Factor in 2019. Nicole was a judge on the show at the time, having joined the panel for both the US and UK versions of the reality show before. Thom, on the other hand, was one of the celebrities competing. The rugby player joined his fellow sportsman Ben Foden and Levi Davis, auditioning as the boy band Try Star.  Their paths did not necessarily cross on the show, as Nicole was mentoring the 'over 30' contestants, while Simon Cowell mentored the group acts. Try Star lasted a good few weeks on the show but ultimately came in fifth place, while TV personality Megan McKenna won the competition. Months after the competition ended, Nicole and Thom were spotted out and about in London together with romance rumours swirling, although neither commented at the time. In January 2020, the couple went public with their relationship when Thom accompanied the singer to the Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills.  Ever since the couple has been proudly showing off their romance on social media. However this added to split rumours earlier this year as the last photo either have posted together was from New Year’s Eve, capturing a glamorous night out. In late January, the singer shared a short clip showing her walking alone on a beach, with writing sharing: “Clean slate. Sand untouched. Fresh start. New beginnings.” The post whipped fans into a frenzy as some believed she was announcing her split from Thom, but Nicole has now tactfully put the rumours to rest. 