The revealing statistics, commissioned by used car buying service, ChooseMyCar.com, are part of a larger study into driver beliefs around electric vehicles. The study included questions around the costs of EVs, which proved that there are several large barriers to UK motorists getting behind EVs as the future of the motor industry. Currently, EV drivers enjoy a 100 percent discount on the Congestion Charge in London - until December 24, 2025. Also, in April 2025, the Government will introduce the Vehicle Excise Duty on EVs. And according to experts, these future costs are putting off a number of car buyers. Some 78 percent of UK drivers claimed that the Government needs to do more to support EV ownership, with 70 percent suggesting it scraps its plans on EV tax, Congestion Charge, and Low Emission Zones. READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of daily charges as new Clean Air Zone launches Of the 80 percent that are concerned about rising electricity costs, 79 percent were male compared to 81 percent of women. The 55 plus age group was the demographic with the biggest concerns, with 84 percent admitting that the rising costs will stop them purchasing an EV at the moment. Geographically, there was also some variation, although all areas were strongly in agreement that rising electricity costs were a big turn off when considering investing in an EV. Sheffield was the city with the strongest view on this, with 92 percent stating they would be put off buying an EV due to current electricity costs. DON'T MISS Motorists may choose to be 'selfish' and opt for E5 instead of E10 [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to follow specific steps after mistaking E10 with E5 [ADVICE] E10 warnings issued to drivers as some mistakes could cause damage [WARNING] This was followed by: The least concerned cities were:  READ MORE: Electric car charging network needs to be 'prioritised' before 2030 Founder of ChooseMyCar.com, Nick Zapolski, said that the statistics prove how important it is that the Government provides incentives for people to buy EVs. Mr Zapolski said: “EVs have hit the press for all the wrong reasons lately, with complaints about charging difficulties dominating the headlines. “These stats prove that people have valid concerns about EV ownership - and instead of helping ease those concerns, the Government chooses to introduce extra barriers. “If the Government truly wants to support its green agenda and encourage EV ownership, it needs to take action now, or EVs will become a disaster.” The news comes after it was revealed that electric vehicles are set to represent less than a third of all cars in major European markets by 2030 despite growth. The Forecourts of the Future report revealed that despite recent growth in EV sales across Europe, some nations are slow to progress. At the current rate it is expected that EVs will only represent 10 percent of the car fleet in Spain and Italy by 2030, with this figure reaching 20 percent in France and 27 percent in the UK. Norway is expected to lead the region with EVs representing almost two-thirds of the total car fleet by the end of the decade. The UK Government is pushing ahead with its plan to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from the end of this decade.