Tottenham were forced to rip up Matt Doherty’s contract to allow him to join Atletico Madrid due to a new FIFA rule. Doherty has joined the La Liga club on a free transfer following a huge twist of events on deadline day. Earlier on Tuesday, the wing-back seemed destined to join Atletico in a loan deal. However, Spurs surprisingly announced later in the evening that Doherty’s contract had been terminated by mutual consent. It turns out that Doherty would not have been allowed to leave on loan due to a little-known FIFA rule that was introduced at the start of the season. Clubs are only allowed to send eight players out on temporary deals during a campaign. Had Doherty departed on loan, the Irishman would have exceeded the maximum number of players who had left the club in a temporary deal. Bryan Gil’s departure to Sevilla on Monday meant he joined Tanguy Ndombele, Harry Winks, Djed Spence, Sergio Reguilon, Gio Lo Celso, Destiny Udogie and Joe Rodon in being loaned to a foreign club. JUST IN: Man Utd warned new boy Sabitzer can be 'the most unpleasant person' FIFA introduced the new loan rules to prevent clubs from stockpiling young players, sending them out on a series of loans and then selling them on for a huge profit, often without playing a game for the team. They had grown concerned by the sheer number of stars loaned out by clubs such as Chelsea and Manchester City. In a statement towards the end of last season, FIFA said its new rules were based on three core objectives: “Developing young talent, promoting competitive balance [and] preventing the hoarding of players.” Since July 1 2022, clubs have only been allowed to send eight players on loan to foreign teams. That number will decrease to seven ahead of 2023-23, and then to six a year later. DON'T MISS...Leeds target Zaniolo 'has flight cancelled' after agreeing Prem moveTottenham outcast Bryan Gil claims he was 'dying inside' ahead of exitSpurs have eight shirt numbers for Porro after reviving deal Exemptions are made for players who fit into the very specific criteria of being U21 and club-trained. The 31-year-old Doherty fell into neither category. Doherty’s departure is in part due to the arrival of former Man City star Pedro Porro. The Spain international was one of just two arrivals at Spurs during the winter transfer window, joining fellow loanee Arnaut Danjuma in strengthening Antonio Conte’s squad. Spurs secured loan deals for both players, who join from Sporting Lisbon and Villarreal, respectively, but will sign the duo permanently at the end of their deals. Porro, who skipped training with his parent club to seal the move, said: “I’m grateful to Sporting, I love the club — I didn’t train as I was only focused on the transfer to Spurs but I will always be thankful to the club.”