Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are among the 2,000 guests invited to attend King Charles III’s Coronation ceremony on May 6. Official invitations are expected to be sent out in the next few weeks and organisers reportedly will demand a response by the start of April. But do you think the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should accept the invitation? Vote in our poll.  A Whitehall source told Express.co.uk last week that plans were being made to ensure that the couple does not overshadow the occasion. They said: “They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible – without any drama.” The couple is yet to confirm their attendance on May 6, yet Harry will play no role in the ceremony if he shows up. A palace source told The Sunday Times: “Prince Harry has been written out of the script for the Coronation, with no official role in the service if he attends.” READ MORE: Harry & Meghan Coronation attendance on brink over atmosphere concern Harry reportedly wants to meet with Prince William and his father before taking a decision on his attendance at the Coronation. A source told The Mirror: “Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered – he isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral. He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed.” They added that the Royal Family are “fully expecting” the couple to attend despite making a series of allegations against the Firm in their Netflix docuseries and Harry’s memoir Spare. One royal expert claimed that Harry could travel to the UK for the occasion “alone”, leaving Meghan in California to celebrate their son Archie’s fourth birthday which clashes with the Coronation. TalkTV Royal Editor Sarah Hewson told Sky News Australia last week: “Harry might make a very quick, brief trip into the UK and back out again in order to be present for his father’s day.” So what do YOU think? ​​Should Meghan and Harry accept Coronation invite? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.