Wayne Couzens, the killer of Sarah Everard, has admitted to charges of indecent exposure a year before her murder. The former Metropolitan Police officer pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey on Monday to three counts of indecently exposing himself in Kent between November 2020 and February 2021. He denied a further count relating to an alleged incident in June 2015. The plea was accepted, but he will not face trial over the charge because it was left on file. The three offences the 49-year-old pleaded guilty to took place in woodland in Deal and at a McDonald's restaurant in Swanley. He appeared via video link from Frankland jail in Durham where he is serving a whole-life sentence for the kidnap, rape and murder of Ms Everard, 33, in 2021. Couzens had a long grey beard and wore a grey tracksuit at the hearing.  He is due to be sentenced on March 6. Couzens had stopped marketing executive Ms Everard as she was walking home from a friend's house in Clapham, south London, on the evening of March 3. He used his Met Police warrant card to abduct Ms Everard, pretending she had broken Covid lockdown rules. Her body was found in woodland in Kent.    The Metropolitan Police defended its decision to prosecute Couzens even though he will never be released from prison for the murder. Deputy Assistant Commissioner for Professionalism Bas Javid said he hopes the decision to prosecute "goes some small way" to show people the Met will be "ruthless" in holding rogue officers to account. Mr Javid said: "It's every victim's right to be listened to and to have their case investigated. "I know the homicide team were meticulous and committed in doing everything they could to get justice for them."   He added: "I hope this goes some small way to help the public understand that we will be ruthless in holding officers, even one serving a whole life order and who will never know freedom again, to account. "We know the public will, understandably, be sickened at yet more grotesque crimes by Couzens. "The process of flushing out the corrupt and the criminal from the Met will be slow and painful, but is necessary and we will continue to do so. "This is how we will reform, move forward and become an institution Londoners can have confidence in."  Detective Chief Inspector Katherine Goodwin, who leads the specialist crime command team that originally investigated Miss Everard's murder, said: "It was hugely important for the team to listen to those who came forward, investigate their allegations thoroughly and make sure Couzens faced justice for this offending. "It was our job to support them and hold him to account on their behalf and we took this duty seriously. "Today is about those who were subjected to his vile behaviour and who have helped bring him to justice. Couzens tried to frighten and demean them, but they have only shown strength and dignity in reporting him and supporting this investigation. "I would like to thank them for their patience, co-operation and help throughout the case."  The Met first became aware of a 2021 exposure allegation on February 28, 2021, with the investigation into it ongoing when Ms Everard was kidnapped. The 2020 exposure was reported to Kent Police at the time of the offence, but the victim contacted the Met following Ms Everard's murder and the Met murder squad took on the investigation. They used number plate recognition, financial and telephone records and speaking to victims to secure a conviction on the three charges. 