A study by Cult Beauty analysed Instagram data to reveal the most Instagrammed, and therefore the most photogenic, beach in the world. The research found that Venice Beach, in California, is the most beautiful beach with the highest number of Instagram posts. The sandy beach, lined with palm trees and its iconic boardwalk, is the most Instagrammed coastline in the world. "The beauty of Venice beach, in California, is amplified by the stunning mountain views – get your bikini on and get set to mingle with California’s coolest residents," the experts commented. In second place was Main Beach, in Byron Bay, Australia, and El Nido, in the Philippines, came in third place with 1.2 million Instagram posts. Although getting to California may not be the most low-cost journey, travellers will find plenty of budget-friendly alternatives for food and drinks there. READ MORE: Taiwan will pay tourists to visit - full details To visit Venice Beach, Britons would have to travel to Los Angeles airport and a flight from London to LAX cost an average of £500 in March. However, holidaymakers can find very cheap alternatives for restaurants, bars and accommodation in Venice Beach. On her travel blog Uproxx, holiday expert Chloe recommended some of the most affordable places in Venice Beach, as part of her "budget-friendly guide". For instance, British tourists can eat for as little as £12 at The Butcher’s Daughter, a charming restaurant, cafe and juice bar.  She explained: "The healthy hotspot serves breakfast, lunch, dinner, and weekend brunch so it makes for a delicious meal at any point in the day. "For dinner, the plethora of flavours and textures packed into every bite is unbeatable. However, if you’re a fruity pizza hater, there are plenty of other classic dishes you’re sure to love on the menu." Visitors took to the review platform and social media site Yelp to share their thoughts and many agreed that The Butcher’s Daughter is the perfect option for those on a budget. A traveller also recommended The Wee Chippy saying: "Cheap eats row. Ridiculously good fries.” READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' El Primo Tacos is another budget-friendly option: “I always tip extra here because it's just so good and the prices are so inexpensive," said a traveller. A spokesperson from Cult Beauty commented: “With worldwide travel back up and running it seems that many people are on the lookout for the perfect summer holiday destination, and we all want to post the perfect beach shot on our social media accounts. "Our study reveals the most Insta-worthy destinations so rest assured that you will be able to get the most beautiful snaps if you’re planning on going to one of these destinations.”