An eagle-eyed viewer of the hit ITV show noticed the presenter had an unusual mark and posted a message on her Twitter page to ask the host about the mysterious blemish.    One fan posted: “@mayajama, did you catch your shoulder with the hair straighteners! #loveIsland.” Maya then quickly responded to let the fan know all was well, replying: “I was shoulder dancing in a sparkly dress and it scratched at the Brits xx.” Maya’s reply came after she wowed fans when she stepped out in two different dresses for the glitzy award ceremony last Saturday. Maya first stepped out on the red carpet at the Brits in a gorgeous, black, sleeveless midi dress.   DONT MISS: Bruce Willis' family announce he has been diagnosed with dementia The sexy presenter kept heads turned when she had a costume change, which saw the beauty change into a silver, glittery off-the-shoulder number. The dress featured a thigh-high slit and showcased her curvaceous figure. She complimented the look with a pair of sparkly, open-toed heels. It’s not the first time Maya has turned heads in a jaw-dropping outfit.    Maya’s hot look comes after she shot down rumours of a rift with former Love Island host Laura Whitmore after claims that the pair ignored each other at the ceremony. The pair both address the so-called snub on their social media pages. Laura wrote: “I’m sick of the media constantly trying to ruin this narrative about women.”   DONT MISS: Strictly's Janette Manrara gets candid about 'tough days' [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry's 'rinsing' is how most Americans feel, claims Piers [NEWS] Judi Dench says it's 'impossible' to learn scripts due to health woes [LATEST] She continued: “Imagine the audacity of also talking to other people at our table.” “Stop trying to put women against each other and start celebrating women supporting women.” She finished the post with a blowing kiss emoji and writing: “We had a great night @maya Jama.”     Showing that there was no rift between the pair, Maya shared the post and replied: "Silly silly silly.” “I think very highly of @thewhitmore and think she's an angel.” “Maybe quote that instead back at ya lovely,” she finished with a heart emoji