Many compared the impact of it to the general strike of 1926. Only it was nothing like that, was it? The general strike saw a million coal miners withdrawing their back-breaking labour because their pay had halved in just seven years. And if ever there was a reason to go on strike - that was it. But that wasn’t the case this week. Certainly not for those striking train drivers most of whom are on an average wage of £68,000 - complete with mind-boggling perks and gold-plated pensions - but who for some bizarre reason think they deserve more. And they’re not happy with the eight percent pay offer they’ve already had because, dear oh dear, it might mean some of them have to work on Sundays (Boohoo). Oh yes, and 100,000 teachers walked out too, turning their backs on tens of thousands of children for whom they have a duty of care. These are the people for whom the average wage outside London is £38,000 and inside London is £40,000 and all of whom get pension contributions of 23.6 percent – funded by those of us not in the public sector - which amounts to an extra £10,000 a year. In fact, Education Secretary, Gillian Keegan, says there are some parts of the country where teachers are among the top 10 percent of earners. Now, I’m not suggesting that £38,000 a year is Nirvana in terms of pay. But presumably, teachers checked out the salary before they decided to train for the job and I’m guessing they didn’t go into the profession because they wanted to become multi-millionaires – but because they wanted to shape and change children’s lives. And while this week’s striking teachers would have you believe their salaries are a pittance and they’re being taken advantage of by a cruel and heartless government – it simply isn’t true.  According to the OECD research teachers in England are among the highest paid for the fewest hours in Europe – higher than Italy, France, Finland, Spain, and Portugal. And way higher than Poland, Hungary or Sweden. Yet still, they want us to see them as victims being denied the right to a decent wage. And let’s not forget this Tory Government they hate – and that hatred is the real reason for these strikes - is the one that’s committed to paying all new teachers coming into the profession a starting salary of £30,000 – pretty good considering a nurse’s is just £27,000. I’ve talked to quite a few teachers this week courtesy of the TV work I do and the story they tell me time and time again is that I don’t understand how hard their job is, how intense, difficult and stressful it is. But the truth is I do see how hard teaching is. I don’t for a second doubt that getting a class of 30-plus kids to listen and learn is hard. But I think lots of other professions are equally as hard. Just like teachers, people in other professions work way more than their designated hours, they take work home, and they aren’t alone in experiencing stress, anxiety, long hours, and overwork. The only difference between them and the rest of us is that we don’t get 14 weeks of holiday a year to compensate for those stresses. “But we work all through our holidays,” they shout.  One, I don’t believe it. Two, if it’s really true and they do work all through the three and a half months a year they have off - why not go on strike then? Why not strike in August when they’re on their six-week summer break? At least that way it wouldn’t impact the children they went on teaching to help. I’m sorry but kids have suffered enough. During the pandemic, they lost out on one billion days of schooling. Some lost between 1-2 years of formal education and nearly 40 percent barely saw a teacher during lockdown. And it wasn’t the middle-class kids who suffered the brunt of lockdown, it was working-class kids for whom the pandemic widened the gap between the Have’s and the Have Nots by a million miles. Without a doubt, the biggest casualties of lockdown were children and the biggest casualties of these teachers’ strikes will be children. And if they don’t care about that, they’re in the wrong job. The stinger for me this week was when I heard that those teachers who weren’t on strike had been told by their unions not to offer Zoom learning to children. So when these union bosses – and some teachers - say that no one wants to strike and no one wants to harm or disrupt children’s learning – it’s a lie. Because non-striking teachers who are being paid and who make a conscious decision to deprive children of learning because their union tells them to are very definitely harming them – especially those sitting A-levels this year who are on countdown to exams.  And how many parents had to take time off work this week to look after their children at home because teachers had walked out on their responsibilities? How much money did they lose in the week it was revealed there’d been a staggering 16.7 percent rise in food prices? Teachers’ strikes placed a huge burden on parents who are only just getting back to normal after lockdown when they were forced into doing teachers’ jobs - without the pay. And it’s happening again. It’s not fair and it’s not right because they are letting down those children whose futures are in their hands. I sympathise with teachers when they say education is underfunded. I know it is. I sympathise when they say they don’t have the tools to do their jobs properly. But I refuse to accept that putting money into their pockets – and not their schools - will change that. I also refuse to accept they are underpaid martyrs when the research clearly shows teachers in England are among the highest paid in Europe for working the fewest hours! 