Barcelona manager Xavi has relayed the private message he shared with Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag following their gripping 2-2 Europa League draw on Thursday night. Xavi was complimentary about his opposite number after a fiery match, with the second leg of their knockout round play-off finely poised. Two of Europe's heavyweights met at the Nou Camp to fight for a spot in the Europa League knockout rounds, with both teams in rich veins of form. Barca struck the first blow when Marcos Alonso headed in at the back post, but in-form Marcus Rashford hit back almost immediately with an unlikely finish from a narrow angle. The Red Devils hit the front minutes later, with Rashford again causing chaos as his drilled cross into the box was inadvertently turned into his own net by Jules Kounde. Xavi's side made sure that the playing fields were levelled heading into the second leg, however, when Raphinha's effort curled into the far corner. After a breathless affair, Xavi claims to have shared a positive message with Ten Hag after the Dutchman's side ended Barca's formidable 11-match winning streak. READ MORE: Football news LIVE - Arsenal bust-up, Mbappe's 'Man Utd' message "It was a really tough game with a lot of passion and intensity," the Spaniard told BT Sport. "We have to be proud because we competed until the end. We played against a top team in Europe. Manchester [United] is coming back and today they showed their best version. "Both teams are more or less in the same position. We are coming back. I told Ten Hag congratulations because he is doing very well. It can be a final or semi-final in the future Champions League." DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'face relegation' amid probe into alleged referee paymentMan Utd sent painful Frenkie de Jong reminder as Xavi twists knifeArsenal one step ahead of rivals after 'holding talks' for Vitor Roque  Fans will be primed for another entertaining match-up when Barca travel to Old Trafford for next week's reverse fixture. As two of the major threats left in the competition, both United and the La Liga giants will feel as though they have a great chance of powering on to Europa League glory if they get through the two-legged tie. Barcelona are currently eight points clear in the La Liga table with just seven goals conceded in 21 league games this campaign - an unmatched total across Europe's 'top five' divisions. Xavi claimed to be happy with his team's showing against the Red Devils, although United legend Paul Scholes believes that his former club were the better side.  "[Xavi] said he was quite happy with his performance and quite proud of his team - I’m not sure he’ll be overly happy with what he saw tonight," he told BT Sport. "I think as a Barcelona coach you expect to be in control of games - I never felt for one minute they were in control of the game. "I think you’ve got to give Man United credit for that because they were a real threat. To come here, and I think they’ve had 18 shots - I’m not sure how many were on target - but there’s not many teams that come to Barcelona and do that."