Energy bills are around double what they were this time last year but I’ve managed to save around £25 a month by making some simple swaps to reduce my usage. One of the biggest energy guzzlers is the central heating, but I’ve been testing other ways to keep warm for much less money during the cost of living crisis. It’s no secret that I love my heated throw from Vanhaus which I’ve been using since November. Recent figures from CheckaTrade state the average cost of running the heating per hour could be as much as £2.76 following the latest energy bill price hikes. My heated throw on the other hand costs around 5p an hour and is absolutely perfect if you’re staying in one room. However, people have also been raving about a Supawarm Deluxe Halogen Heater which costs around 6p an hour to run - so I was keen to check this out too. READ MORE: DWP urges state pensioners to check whether they could get £92 a week The heater costs £33 from B&Q and is an absolute game changer - I'll even go as far as to say anyone working from home needs this heater in their life. It’s easy to assemble, warms up really quickly, fits perfectly just next to my desk and makes no noise. I’ll certainly reach for my heated throw and halogen heater before switching on the heating every single time, even if energy bills return to some level of normality. I’ve also been draught-proofing my home to see what difference this makes to how warm the house is. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis suggests how saver could get £700 boost [ALERT]Top 3 high interest easy access, fixed and regular savings accounts [UPDATE]Warning to McAfee users as fraudsters send fake virus ploy [WARNING]   Although I had double glazing installed a few years ago, I’ve noticed a draught by the French doors so I used self-adhesive strips to try and block it out. I’ve also put draught excluders by the front door and living room door and have noticed there is definitely less of a chill in the air. While this isn’t going to keep you warm on its own, it certainly makes a difference when combined with the halogen heater or the throw. Spending just a few quid on draught-proofing your home could save you £30 a year on your energy bills, Energy Saving Trust says.   Heated hoodies, hot water bottles and microwaveable slippers can also make a big difference and could help people save even more money because they heat the human rather than the home. Some people also say sitting by an electric clothes dryer not only helps dry the washing, but it can also prevent you from putting the heating on. However, if I had to choose I’d go for draught proofing (from £2), a heated throw (£59.99) and a Supawarm Deluxe Halogen Heater (£33) any day of the week. Added up they cost around £100 and could save you a fortune if you don’t need to put the central heating on.   After the central heating, tumble dryers and electric ovens are the biggest energy users in the home. I previously swapped my oven for a slow cooker with some surprising results and my new airfryer is also helping me save money on my energy bills. The Government’s £66 energy bill support and my simple swaps combined have been saving me £25 a month compared to last year. Express.co.uk has developed an interactive tool to help people see where they could save money on their energy bills by making simple swaps.