Chelsea players are ‘reserving judgement’ on Graham Potter’s ability to succeed at Stamford Bridge, according to reports. The Blues squad supposedly remain respectful of Potter amid their woeful form. Potter hit a new low in his Chelsea tenure as his side were beaten at home by Premier League strugglers Southampton on Saturday. There was apparently a feeling in the dressing room at full-time of ‘everything feeling wrong’. There reportedly remains ‘healthy respect’ among the Chelsea squad for Potter’s positive character around their Cobham training base. However, some stars are apparently ‘reserving judgement’ over the former Brighton boss’s ability to do the job. In addition, there is ‘sympathy’ that Potter has walked into Stamford Bridge at one of the most turbulent times in the club’s history. But players are reportedly struggling to understand what is going wrong on the pitch. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'wants Chelsea job' amid Graham Potter pressure That is according to the Evening Standard, who report that there remains respect for Potter among the squad. The 48-year-old has endured some horrible form and faced the wrath of the supporters after their latest dismal display. Chelsea have won just one of their last 14 games in all competitions. It is a run that spans the weeks prior to the winter World Cup. Wide-ranging reports suggest that co-owner Todd Boehly remains confident that Potter can succeed and will give him the time to do so. Potter says he understands the strong criticism from fans after losing to bottom-placed Southampton. He said: “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable. I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. DON'T MISS...Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover, Chelsea change Potter stanceTodd Boehly told not to pull trigger on Graham Potter for two reasonsChelsea 'not expected to train on Monday' as pressure mounts on Potter "I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. “My job is to help the team, keep working through a team period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough.” Chelsea continue to face a difficult run of fixtures. They travel to London rivals Tottenham next weekend before hosting Leeds on March 4. Borussia Dortmund, who beat Chelsea in the first leg of their last-16 Champions League tie, then travel to Stamford Bridge for the second leg.