Tyson Fury has been hyping up his brother Tommy over text message ahead of his grudge match against Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia this weekend. The pair will finally settle their differences after two years of jibing, with two previous scheduled bouts having already fallen through. Fury will be YouTuber Paul’s first fight against a professional boxer, having seen off ex-UFC stars including Anderson Silva and Tyron Woodley in his short unbeaten career to date. Despite Fury’s boxing background seemingly giving him the edge, many bookmakers believe Paul is infact the favourite for the catchweight showdown. Love Island star Fury is set to have brother Tyson and father John in his corner this weekend and has revealed some of the support he has been receiving from the world heavyweight champion. Asked about the role Tyson is playing, Tommy told GQ: “Every time I get on the phone, he says the same thing: ‘There is not a world where this man can live with you.’” READ MORE: Boxing fans express outrage at Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury pay-per-view price In a separate message, Tyson told his younger brother: “Let everyone think it's a 50/50 and get in there and show him what's good.” Tommy, who recently welcomed the birth of his first child, added: “The guy is not on my level. And I'll prove it.” Fury also goes into the eagerly-awaited match with an unbeaten record of 8-0 and was warned by his older brother that he will have to change his surname if he loses. But the Gypsy King has changed his mind somewhat since the fight was announced and warned Tommy cannot afford to underestimate the American. He said recently: “A lot of people think he's just a YouTube person who doesn't know how to box but I've actually seen him training and I've actually seen his fights and I think he's decent.” DON'T MISSInside Floyd Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriend news after amounting £400m fortuneDavid Haye responds to Katherine Ryan after comedian DM'd him to ask if he's in a throupleMauricio Lara admits to spitting on Josh Warrington in furious clash after Wood win One man who will be keeping a close eye on this weekend’s fight is four-time world champion Carl Froch, after a public call-out from Paul. The Cobra has not fought since dismantling George Groves at Wembley in 2014 but snapped back: “If by some miracle you manage to beat Tommy Fury then I'll listen to you. “I'll have a little chat with you and see what garbage comes out of your mouth, see what you've got to say. "I think this Saturday your world ends. If if doesn't and you are stupid enough to take a bout with me, when this right hand lands on your chin it will put you into f***ing orbit and knock that stupid barnet off the top of your head."