Erik ten Hag's rebuilding of the Manchester United squad is behind his immediate success at the club, claims former Liverpool striker Dean Saunders. The Red Devils won the first trophy of the season in Sunday's Carabao Cup final against Newcastle. Ten Hag has won the first piece of silverware available to him since becoming United boss. The Dutchman is now keen to add further success to the cabinet, with three other trophies in sight this season. He oversaw a major overhaul of the squad during his first summer in charge. United announced in April 2022 that he would replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of that campaign. It was around the same time that it was revealed Nemanja Matic would not have his contract extended. Paul Pogba and Juan Mata followed the midfielder out of the door in June. Ten Hag then turned his attention to bringing in transfer targets. Christian Eriksen joined for free, with Antony, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia arriving from the Dutch Eredivisie. READ MORE: Man Utd duo Fernandes and Casemiro in heated argument before trophy lift  Casemiro was a statement signing, while Marcel Sabitzer has proved to be a shrewd loan deal in January. Saunders says Ten Hag has shifted out the right players and replaced them wisely. He said on talkSPORT: "He's got rid of the likes of Pogba, Mata, Matic. They've gone, they've left the club. "[Cristiano] Ronaldo's left the club. I wouldn't throw him into this really because he is a legend. "He's got rid of players who were just picking their wages up and he signed people like Casemiro, got fire in his belly, Martinez, first in his belly, Sabitzer, fire in his belly, Eriksen, fire in his belly, Antony, fire in his belly, Malacia - they've all got hunger and desire to play football. That's what he's done, he's replaced the non-triers with triers." DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy played role in Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snubChelsea have four managers they can appoint immediately including ZidaneBenni McCarthy was left 'heartbroken' by Man Utd and Mourinho hammered him  United begin their quest for more silverware on Wednesday when they host West Ham in the fifth round of the FA Cup. They have been drawn against Real Betis in the round of 16 in the Europa League and currently sit third in the Premier League table. Ten Hag insists celebrations for the players cannot last long ahead of a busy fixture schedule, which sees them travel to Liverpool next weekend. He told Sky Sports: "First you have to win the first one, and that is what we did. "I think we can get inspiration from this and confidence that we can do it. We said at the start that we wanted to restore Manchester United by winning trophies and this is the first one. "Managers and staff, it is champagne. For the players, they rest, they have a big game on Wednesday." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 