Alison is a BAFTA-nominated TV presenter, best-known for co-hosting This Morning with Dermot O'Leary. She is a national treasure, with her fans and followers often praising her for her charm, charisma, and enthusiasm whenever she appears on screen. Alison co-presented the BAFTA Film Awards last night, February 19, alongside Richard Grant. She shared a slew of photos of herself wearing a gorgeous sparkling gown on her Instagram, and the posts were inundated with comments. Many of her fans noted how amazing Alison looked. Presented Owain Wyn Evans commented: "Darling… as always you are looking absolutely sensational." User @nikkiwalkett wrote: "I just wanna say, you an inspiration to all. You look fantastic and I love you." User @jackiedix1 said: "Looking fab." User @allifin18 added: "Omg Alison you are smashing it. I love your dress. You absolutely look amazing. I am so delighted for you. Well done girl." Alison has graced British TV screens for almost two decades, and loyal fans will have noticed her weight loss transformation over the years. In 2017, the Birmingham-born star lost a whopping two stone when she took part in Sugar Free Farm - a TV experiment where celebrities were challenged to eradicate their sugar consumption, improving their health and diets. The show's nutritionist, Angelique Panagos, revealed that the process entailed "going cold turkey on sugar for two weeks, while living and working together at Laverstoke Park Farm". DON'T MISS:Kate and William's life without 'amazing' nanny in Windsor [KATE MIDDLETON]Keep 'bags with water' in the freezer to save hundreds [HACK]Kate may have to ditch item of clothing as not 'appropriate' for Queen [PRINCESS OF WALES  Alison said she greatly benefited from the show, despite it being difficult to begin with. She explained: "I don't drink, so I'd never gone through this before but it was literally like coming off alcohol." The TV presenter went on to say that her weight was not down to a lack of exercise as she described herself as "always on the go", taking part in Zumba classes and going for walks. She explained that it was her snacking habits that caused her to gain weight. The star's busy schedule meant she often didn't have time to cook or prepare nutritious food, and instead would reach for a chocolate bar while in a rush. The 48-year-old revealed that she previously enjoyed an average of two chocolate bars per day - 666 in a year. READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth wore 'her most sentimental' jewel for final portrait Following Sugar Free Farm, Alison has managed to maintain her weight loss by sticking to a relatively limited sugar intake. Overall, Alison dropped an impressive two stone during the show, and said she "feels so much better", and sleeps better too. Alison has previously spoken about her weight with Lorraine Kelly too, on the podcast What If?. She said she wanted to prioritise her health and wellbeing, and does so by following a Weight Watchers programme, but without denying herself too much as "we're all going to die eventually". She said: "My Weight Watchers (WW) journey is focused on getting healthier for myself. I feel rubbish when I don't eat properly or exercise and WW helps me with what I eat and do. "I know I'll also lose weight by following the WW programme, but that's not the be-all and end-all for me. "I want my journey to empower others to think about making changes to their lifestyle to become the best version of themselves. She added: "It's been 17 years since I began working in TV, and I'm busier than ever, especially juggling my duties as a mum. "WW is the only programme that works for me, with the Online WW Coach there for support whenever you need it, 24 hours a day."