Outer Banks is returning to Netflix for a third season and fans were taken aback by the shocking revelation that came to light at the end of the second season. John B's (played by Chase Stokes) dad was confirmed to still be alive and he had been in hiding all along. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the upcoming third season. The third season will be making its debut on Netflix on February 23, with all 10 episodes arriving at the same time. For fans in the US, they will be able to stream all of the episodes from midnight on that day. Meanwhile, those watching in the UK will have to wait until 8am on February 23 for the episodes to drop. The titles for each episode are yet to be revealed. READ MORE: Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes lands huge role away from Netflix series All of the usual faces will be returning including Madelyn Cline as Sarah Cameron and Madison Bailey as Kiara Carrera. The new outing will also be adding three new characters, Carlos Singh, Sofia and Ryan. Andy McQueen will play Carlos Singh, an intelligent and ruthless Caribbean Don on a treasure hunt of his own. Fiona Palomo stars as Sofia, a likable and scrappy Kook who identifies herself as a Pogue. She starts to form a close connection with Sarah's older brother Rafe (Drew Starkey). Lou Ferrigno Jr plays Ryan, Singh's top security officer and enforcer. The official trailer was released on February 2 and it shows the Pogues surviving on the desert island, catching fish to eat. John B is heard saying: "For my father and me, the treasure was our way out. How we evened the scales. "How the Pogues win. But at some point, you kind of have to wonder, was the treasure an escape? Or, was it a trap?" Kiara is then seen getting kidnapped and taken to a house where she asks what is happening. Her captor says: "You really don't know, do you? You and your friends hold the key to the ultimate conquest, El Dorado. "And that, my young friend, is my destiny." DON'T MISS... Outer Banks: How old is Wheezie from Outer Banks? Outer Banks Season 2: Why Pope Is The Rightful Heir of the Treasure Outer Banks: Will Rafe Cameron sacrifice himself for sister Sarah? It looks as if the Pogues will have a new enemy on their hands as Carlos Singh wants something they have. Meanwhile, John B comes face to face with his father after so many years as they start a new treasure hunt together. Pope (Jonathan Daviss) is seen discussing the city of gold, El Dorado, and an Idol there. Meanwhile, Rafe has still not given up on taking what he claims is rightfully his.  Elsewhere, Ward (Charles Esten) is seen trying to win back his daughter's trust as she asks him for a favour. It appears Rafe could be the new Big Bad too as he tells his father he "does not need him anymore". The Cameron sibling is then seen shoving his father up against a wall, suggesting he will not let anything stand in his way. It seems the Pogues are making El Dorado their next destination, with John B also taking part in the journey with his father. Outer Banks airs on Netflix on February 23.