The UK Government is pushing ahead with its plan to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from the end of this decade. Between 2030 and 2035, new cars and vans can be sold if they have the capability to drive a significant distance with zero emissions. Petrol, diesel and hybrid HGVs over 26 tonnes could be banned from 2040, subject to a Government consultation. Because of this, many drivers are preparing for their next car to be electric, with lower running costs and environmental factors playing a role for some. Joanne Robinson, Director of Lenders at Zuto, commented on the drive towards electrification and whether second-hand vehicles would be suitable. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “Historically, there have been challenges surrounding EV batteries, as it was common for these to be leased separately — and this is still an issue in some cases. READ MORE: All UK drivers could be fined £70 simply for parking their cars “Nowadays, however, many manufacturers are including the battery at the point of purchase rather than selling it as a separate product to the car itself. “For example, two popular EVs - the Nissan Leaf and the Renault Zoe - used to be sold separately to their batteries, but new models are now sold as one complete product.” In data shared with Express.co.uk last month, it was found that used drivers could save up to 67 percent when purchasing a used electric car compared to a new model. When buying a new Nissan Leaf EV, drivers can expect a price of around £32,720, compared to just £10,921 for a used model. DON'T MISSEV driver fined £100 after getting stuck in a charging queue for hours [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of viral defrosting tips which may crack windscreen [WARNING]Morrisons launches new offer to slash petrol and diesel prices [HELPFUL] The Kia Soul also offers buyers around £17,000 in savings if they buy a used model (47 percent less than its price brand new), comparethemarket found. Joanne Robinson continued, saying: “With older models in the second-hand market, however, this may not be the case. “The lack of publicly available data for consumers on whether batteries are included or not poses a big challenge. “Drivers should be cautious of this and ask the right questions about the battery when purchasing a second-hand model." READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030 When purchasing a second-hand vehicle, drivers should bear in mind that if the vehicle is over three years old, they will be responsible for having the car MOT’d once per year, whereas the first MOT on a brand-new car isn't due until it's three years old. This could change in the coming years after the Department for Transport launched a public consultation earlier this month to potentially change the frequency of tests for recently registered vehicles. It is also worth considering that although the upfront costs are cheaper, there will be additional costs associated with older vehicles. This includes the increased servicing needs and potential repairs needed, in comparison to a brand-new model. Simon Bayley, Managing Director at SMF (Specialist Motor Finance), said: “The first question consumers need to ask is 'are the batteries part of the vehicle or on a separate lease?'. “If it’s the latter, it can be very difficult to find a suitable way of offering finance and this usually ends up happening via a personal loan rather than a Hire Purchase (HP) agreement. “The other big unknown, however, is the future value of the EV. Although HP agreements are easy if the customer wants a Personal Contract Purchase (PCP) or contract hire agreement, the lenders need to look at the residual values. “Some of these may be conservative as there isn’t much data to accurately forecast. “Ultimately, this may make the finance more expensive than an equivalent petrol or diesel car."