From cheesy pizza to greasy fish and chips, tucking into a takeaway is a sacred time designed for relaxing and enjoying food while not having to worry about dirty dishes. But for David Miller, 43, this proved almost deadly. The dad was struck down with severe food poisoning and left paralysed after eating a curry. Whether your go-to is creamy tikka masala or spicy jalfrezi, Indian cuisine is one of the most popular in the UK. Worryingly, the 43-year-old says that a bhuna curry from his favourite Indian takeaway in London left him with food poisoning and led to an auto-immune disorder, causing him to lose the use of his limbs. David, who was a keen cyclist before his illness, said: "It was pretty scary. Obviously, we didn't go back to that restaurant again. "It was a steep decline - I went from having tingling and pins and needles in my hands and feet to needing a wheelchair to get into hospital a week later.” READ MORE: 69-year-old man's gallbladder burst after taking popular supplement - Use 'cautiously' The web contractor, now based in Welbourn, Lincolnshire, suffered from a stomach bug caused by the dodgy curry for two months. He was back working after having moved house from London to Lincoln in December 2016, when he developed numbness and tingling over Christmas. This led to near-full paralysis where he couldn't roll over in bed, needed a wheelchair to get around, and spent two and a half months in hospital. The food poisoning and painful stomach bug meant his immune system was compromised.  David was admitted to hospital in early January 2017 and put into intensive care, after he developed breathing difficulties. The father of two daughters, Elise, now seven, and Eva, three, said: "I was worried about my breathing, I could tell I wasn't breathing strongly. "I was never fully paralysed; I still had some movement in my hips but not enough to even roll over in bed with." He wasn’t even able to watch football properly, as the nerve damage had affected his eyes and ability to focus them. READ MORE: Diabetes: Eating a certain fruit 30 minutes before meals could slash blood sugar levels He was eventually diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome, which occurs when a weakened immune system starts to attack its own nerve cells. Considered “very rare and serious”, the condition mainly targets the feet, hands and limbs, triggering problems such as numbness, weakness and pain, according to the NHS. David said: “Some people die from this syndrome. It works its way from the extremities through your core and can stop your breathing. "Imagine looking at your body and trying to make it move and it doesn't." The 43-year-old thinks that all of these problems stem from the food poisoning he attributes to the chicken curry. He said: "It does make you think about food and the knock-on effect. "It was a year of my life that it affected. My eating habits haven’t really changed, but it does make you think." Fortunately, David has since made a full recovery with no sign of any lasting side effects and is now planning to run the London marathon this April to raise money for the John Muir Trust. "I've been worrying about the future more recently and the money raised will go to protecting our forests,” he added.