Sophie Wessex, 58, arrived at the International Criminal Court in The Hague wearing her Harris Wharf London Oversized Gingham Maxi Coat in Brown/Blue, which she first debuted in March last year. Unfortunately, the coat is no longer in stock, so it is unclear how much it cost at the time of purchase. The coat features long sleeves, a belt and is covered in a blue and brown gingham print. Underneath the coat, the Countess of Wessex wore a Victoria V-Neck Long Sleeve Stretch Corduroy Dress from Aspiga, which costs a whopping £250. The description says: "Our Victoria V-Neck Dress is made from responsibly sourced stretch cotton needlecord. "V-neckline, fitted bodice, and a soft fit and flare skirt, with full-length puff sleeves and a double-layered frill.  READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' "Finished with a single gathered tier at the hem." The dress features a comfort stretch needlecord, a fitted bodice with a V-neckline, full-length puff shoulder sleeves, a "midaxi" length, and a concealed back zip. Outside, the Countess accessorised with a burgundy scarf which matched her gingham coat perfectly. Sophie also accessorised with a Felt London Jewellery diamond slice pendant necklace, which she wore constantly during her royal tour to the Caribbean last year.   The diamond piece sells for £275, and according to the Felt website, this necklace is their “signature” jewel. The description reads: “This necklace comes with a nine-carat gold trace chain, which is 18 inches long and can be shortened with a 16-inch brake.” The Countess additionally wore some beautiful turquoise earrings, with a larger stone on top of a smaller one. These complemented her blue outfit really nicely and added some dimension to the overall outfit. READ MORE: Beatrice stepped out in Sophie Wessex's baby pink dress - pictures For footwear, Sophie wore some black suede stiletto boots, similar to the Russell and Bromley ones that the Queen Consort wears. The Countess also carried her Sophie Habsburg Belle Du Jour clutch in aubergine, which costs €210 or roughly £187 in British Sterling. The description for this bag says: "Belle de Jour clutch in calf hair. Has a removable crossbody chain and a metal clip closure in gold. "Has satin inner lining and comes in various printed dyes."  Royal fans loved Sophie's style and took to social media to praise her outfit choice. Twitter user @KimFord52248887 said: "This is a gorgeous colour on Sophie." Similarly, @MaryKath55 added: "Always looks very professional." Royal watcher @MarieGerdeman commented: "Humble, beautiful, caring and a total rock star!" In addition, @RideInTheStorm wrote: "That is lovely and so flattering I think. The colour brings out her blue eyes. The Countess is another in the Royal Family who can wear lots of different styles and look wonderful."