 Michael McIntyre’s The Wheel, Blankety Blank and The Weakest Link are returning to BBC One and BBC iPlayer. The shows are hosted by Michael McIntyre, Bradley Walsh and Romesh Ranganathan respectively, but viewers have hit out over the absence of any female hosts. Many have taken to social media to vent their frustrations about the all-male line-up, including journalist Edith Bowman, who has previously hosted on BBC Radio 1 and 2.    Michael's game show promises to be packed full of hilarious laughs, huge stars and the 47-year-old comedian's colossal spinning Wheel. Blankety Blank will once again be hosted by Bradley, who will guide a panel of celebrities and contestants over multiple rounds as they compete to win a range of prizes. Romesh is reprising his presenting duties for The Weakest Link with a new line-up of celebrity contestants attempting to win up to £50,000 for their chosen charity. Kalpna Patel-Knight, head of entertainment at the BBC said: “In Michael, Bradley and Romesh we have three funny titans of Saturday evening TV back on our screens with these fabulous formats from Hungry McBear, Thames and BBC Studios ensuring that both BBC One and BBC iPlayer remain as an undisputed entertainment destination for viewers all across the UK in 2023.” READ MORE: There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson  The announcement sparked a backlash on Twitter from BBC viewers as well as radio and television host Edith. The 49-year-old Scottish broadcaster penned: "Women can host game shows too!" Similarly, Nicholas asked his followers: "Where are the female hosts?" Jolie said: "The BBC is outdated. That’s why no one pays their licence fee anymore. It’s not worth a penny."  Dean Tiernan added: "It's time for a change. Get women on the game shows, I'm so fed up with the same faces presenting on TV. Bradley, Rylan, McIntyre, Schofield and Armstrong go away." However, Chris Dunn noted: "Women do the high brow stuff, QI, Only Connect." (sic) JB remarked: "Great. I really enjoy these shows. Saturday nights recently have not been very appealing for me." The BBC has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment on the hosting line-up.  DON'T MISS...BBC News sparks backlash over 'tawdry' Nicola Bulley coverage  [LATEST]Viewers are keen to know more about The Gold star Jack Lowden [UPDATE]Amanda Holden forced to get out of car after 'run in with police' [INSIGHT] Full broadcast details for all three series will be confirmed in due course, the BBC has stated. Bradley also hosts The Chase on ITV and Michael presents Michael McIntyre's Big Show on BBC One. Meanwhile, comedian Romesh's show Rob and Romesh Vs will be back for a fifth series on Sky Max later this year. Romesh and fellow funnyman Rob Beckett will be facing a handful of atypical challenges for the new series.   A teaser for the show reads: “They’re not holding back with the challenges this year as Rob and Rom will be jetting off to Sin City, learning the tricks and trades from the legendary Penn and Teller for Rob and Romesh Vs Magic. 