Manchester City star Kevin De Bruyne jokingly thanked Arsenal fans after he was pelted by bottles and plastic cups during the Sky Blues 3-1 win. The Belgian had been involved in a heated argument with Mikel Arteta earlier in the match, pushing the Gunners boss after he had kicked the ball away as he tried to take a throw-in. De Bruyne was on top form once again at the Emirates as he produced a goal and an assist as City took a potentially decisive step in the Premier League title race. The 31-year-old appeared to be particularly pumped up for the game and was involved in a short altercation with Arteta early in the second half. It was not the only notable off-the-ball incident De Bruyne was involved in either. The midfielder had plastic cups and bottles thrown at him from the stands following his 87th minute substitution with the match won. Now, the Citizens vice-captain has offered a brilliant response to those who had been responsible. De Bruyne posted two pictures on his Instagram story, the first of which carried the caption: “beer anyone”. The following picture showed a plastic cup coming down from the stands with the Belgian writing “cheers” in response. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race The 31-year-old appeared to see the funny side at the time too, smiling smugly at the Emirates’ crowd as the missiles rained down trying to control some before they hit the ground. De Bruyne’s incident with Arteta was less serious, with the two jostling for the ball in the heat of battle. The Spaniard had initially blocked the player from retrieving the ball before subtly kicking it away The midfielder grabbed Arteta around the waist to forcefully move the Arsenal tactician out of his way. When that failed to work, the Belgian raised two hands to Arteta's upper chest and shoved him away. Words were exchanged before the tensions simmered down and the match got back underway. DON'T MISSChelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on PotterAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out Despite their coming together Arteta was one of the first to condemn the objects being thrown at De Bruyne after the match. When asked in his press conference if they are scenes he wanted to see the 40-year-old said: “Certainly not. I haven’t seen it, but certainly not.” Arsenal have now taken just one point from their last three matches and Arteta will be keen to get back to winning ways when they take on Aston Villa in the early kick-off this weekend. City will face a trip to Nottingham Forest as they look to maintain their new-found advantage in the Premier League title race. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here