The first relates to the state of Ukraine's economy. Already a poor country by European standards - with a GDP per capita far below that of Russia's long before the war began - the country's economy, through no fault of the Ukrainian people, will require years to recover. Brussels simply cannot afford to be on the hook for billions of euros in aid alongside huge agricultural subsidies, while Ukraine would take years to be anywhere near being able to comply with all the requirements for EU membership.The second reason relates to the cultural Iron Curtain which already divides Europe between a secular, progressive, and open immigration west, and a largely re-Christianising, conservative, and more homogenous east.The headaches Hungary and Poland have caused the EU may only be exacerbated if conservative and religious Ukraine joins, especially given the size of its current population. Democratic aspirations it may have, but Ukraine is still far closer to the social values of other eastern European states than say the Netherlands or Scandinavia.If Ukraine wishes to join a pan-European bloc, then the onus may be on the other central and eastern European member states - Poland in particular - to create a democratic but conservative alternative to the EU. This would be a sort of beefed-up version of the Visegrád Group which already compromises the traditionalist countries of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia. Being allied to a country doesn't necessarily mean you can get into bed with it, sharing their social values as well as economic links. Japan and South Korea are happy to be allied to the United States, however, neither would want to adopt US policies in areas such as immigration or indeed embrace many other values of modern-day America. This is the issue for the central and eastern Europeans: they may want democracy but they don't want a side order of liberalism with it. With that in mind, the EU is even less likely to embrace conservative-nationalist Ukraine. Surely then it is incumbent upon Ukraine's neighbours to create an alternative, a confederation of the east with economic links to the EU but separate political machinery. This idea has some precedents, such as the Intermarium plan in the early Twentieth Century to unite much of the old Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, a power which once dominated central and eastern Europe. Today, beyond the Visegrád Group there is the Three Seas Initiative which takes in much of the region, while the Lublin Triangle alliance encompasses Lithuania, Poland, and Ukraine.This debate over Ukrainian membership comes as rule of law disputes between the EU on the one hand, and Hungary and Poland on the other, rumble on. For Budapest and Warsaw, this has more to do with imposing liberal norms than it does ensuring democracy and guarding against corruption. For western European leaders, the likes of Hungary and Poland represent a perpetual headache. Although Croatia recently joined the eurozone, the vast majority of people who live in EU member states in central and eastern Europe are in countries which have retained their own currencies, making it far easier to leave the bloc if they so choose. Frankly, smaller central and eastern European eurozone countries like Croatia could be carried by a new eastern grouping if one day they joined. As things stand, many countries in that region are also set to become net contributors to the EU, something which will change the risk-reward calculation of remaining in the bloc. For all the photo ops, the EU is never going to allow Ukraine into the EU on any reasonable timeframe, due not only to the financial burden but also the cultural schism which already cuts the EU in two. Surely the likes of Hungary and Poland - whatever disputes they have had over this war, and whatever issues Budapest and Kyiv have had with one another - ought to think seriously about forming a new club, one which Ukraine can actually join. Indeed, Brussels may even help facilitate such a grouping if it begins as a subsidiary organisation of the existing EU.Truth be told, the EU is a toxic marriage in need of an amicable separation. By all means keep the trade links and infrastructure but there is also a need for realism. The EU houses two fundamentally different visions of how society should function. Before things turn violent, a peaceful partition is needed.It seems clear a new European bloc is needed, one where the conservative countries of the east get to set the terms.