  It has been announced that comedy star John Cleese will be returning as Basil Fawlty in a new reboot of Fawlty Towers, with his daughter helping him to run the famous hotel. However, one of his Monty Python co-stars has shared her concerns about his and how the show will deal with today’s politically correct landscape.      Actress Carol Cleveland, who has appeared alongside comedy greats like The Two Ronnies, Morecambe and Wise, and Spike Milligan, shared her thoughts on John reprising his role for the revival of the iconic sitcom. Carol, who starred in the Monty Python franchise with John, admitted she was amazed Fawlty Towers is being revived. Hinting the 83-year-old star is too old to run a hotel, she said: “I'm amazed. I'm no spring chicken at 81. John is 83, which in reality would be too old to run a hotel. "I can't see it matching the original, but maybe it's not meant to," the star reasoned. READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz's ex Ben Ofoedu breaks silence on split      However, she also added in her interview with the Mirror: "I'm delighted it's coming back and I can't wait to see it." Carol has appeared in 30 episodes of Monty Python's Flying Circus and all four of their famous films. John is set to write the sitcom and will be joined on screen by his daughter Camilla Cleese, 39. Carol went on to reflect on how the show might have to be different so many years on, sharing her concerns that it may not be “as fun”.       "It'll be interesting to see how John gets round today's political correctness,” she said. “It might not be as fun if it's so politically correct.” The original show, which took place in the 1970’s, followed stressed Torquay hotelier Basil Fawlty, who constantly flung insults at the hotel’s Spanish waiter and made other comments that would not be considered acceptable today. Despite its huge fanbase, the sitcom had just 12 episodes spanning two seasons, running on the BBC between 1975 and 1979. John played central character Basil, who ran the hotel, while his onscreen wife Sybil Fawlty was portrayed by Prunella Scales, now 90. READ MORE... Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [NEWS] Sadie Frost talks 'moving on' from Primrose Hill set with ex Jude Law [NEWS] Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [PICTURE]       Spanish waiter Manuel, whose poor English was often a source of comedy, was portrayed by Andrew Sachs. Meanwhile, sensible chambermaid Polly, who was often the voice of reason, was played by Connie Booth. The show followed the endless mishaps that went on inside the hotel, as Basil and his wife sought to keep both their business and marriage afloat. The new series, set over 40 years after the original, will see how the misanthropic Basil navigates the modern world.       Castle Rock Entertainment made the exciting announcement on Tuesday that it had closed a deal with John to bring back the television series. However, it has not yet been revealed which channel or streaming service it will appear on. John wrote and starred in the original series with his first wife Connie, whom he was married to between 1968 and 1978. The actor has been married four times in his life, and is now wed to jewellery designer and former model Jennifer Wade, 42.  