Rory McIlroy has joked that he 'doesn't like' Tiger Woods outdriving him after the 15-time major champion surprised many with his level of play on his return to competitive golf on Thursday. Woods endured a difficult year in 2022 with his body limiting him to just three appearances - all coming at majors. But the American golf icon appears to be in much better condition this year and is playing in his first non-major event on the PGA Tour at the Genesis Invitational this week since October 2020. And Woods was in bullish mood at the start of the week, insisting he is in it to win it. “I would not have put myself out here if I didn't think I could beat these guys and win the event, that’s my mentality,” he said at the start of the tournament. Whether Woods would be able to able to compete with the best on the PGA Tour on his first event in months remained to be seen. But any doubts were soon answered in the opening round on Thursday with Woods grouped with both McIlroy and Justin Thomas. Woods showed no signs of his leg and ankle injuries causing him any issues with his short game, but it was his play off the tee that caught many by surprise.  McIlroy is renowned as one of the longest drivers on the PGA Tour, but Woods was keeping him close company on regular occurrences - even outdriving him on occasion. And the Northern Irishman joked that he needed to go back to the range to try and keep Woods behind him. “I'm going to go work on the range,” said McIlroy when asked about being outdriven. “I put my driver up a click in loft at the start of the week, I might have to turn it back down again. I don't like him hitting it by me.”  Woods was able to put a strong run together towards the end of his opening round, hitting three consecutive birdies to finish on one-under par. “I happened to actually hit some good shots finally and made a couple of putts,” said Woods. Even though I had a little mishap at 10, I was able to fight back and get it going. It was a nice finish.” Woods is looking to build up some momentum ahead of The Masters in April and reports have suggested he could take to the field at The Players Championship next month. Much will depend on how his body holds up, but Woods is showing that he still has every faith that he can compete with the best on tour.