Kate and Prince William's visit to Falmouth today was disrupted by a lone protestor who held up a blank piece of paper. The man, donning a red and black hoodie, initially stood among royal fans lining the street outside of the National Maritime Museum Cornwall toured by the Prince and Princess this afternoon. Police officers swept in after he lifted his white sign and led him away from the crowd of well-wishers. The man was detained, but not arrested, by the officers. The Sun's royal correspondent Matt Wilkinson claimed the man later told him, when asked why he protested: "It’s the 21st century we don’t need a monarchy any more, it’s f***ng ridiculous". Speaking about the growing number of protestors acting during royal visits and engagements since the death of Elizabeth II, the Daily Express royal commentator Richard Palmer said during the Royal Roundup podcast: "[While Queen Elizabeth II was live] There wasn’t a lot to be gained by attacking her personally, with the change in reign [the republican movement] see an opportunity. We are seeing more anti-monarchy protests turning out." This small protest disrupted an otherwise successful visit at the Museum, which also featured a sweet moment between the Princess of Wales and a former teacher. While touring the Museum, Kate discovered her former history teacher at the prep school she attended some 25 years ago, Jim Embury, is now a volunteer at the institution. In a major praise of his teachings, the Duchess of Cornwall told him that the "things you taught me, I now teach to my children". Mr Embury, who received a warm hug from the royal, described Kate as a student saying: "She was a fantastic student and it was a great class." During the visit, Kate and William learned more about the rich maritime heritage in the area and took part in several activities. READ MORE: Six clues Prince Harry will attend King Charles's Coronation First, the pair joined students during a workshop focused on refurbishing a 14ft sailing dinghy called Kiwi. This boat was a wedding present given to Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip in November 1947 by the Royal New Zealand Navy. While learning more about the student's work, the couple were handed some tools. While Kate joked her husband "can do the hammering", she later gave it a go too. Kate and William, who travelled to Cornwall by helicopter, also joined pupils from King Charles CofE School in a model boats race while at the Museum. The two royals split and joined two different teams, with the school children teaching them how to pilot the boats. After the race ended, one pupil told Cornwall Live Kate had fared better than her husband, who had "crashed a lot". Another, called Maude, added: "It was really cool and really exciting to see them but a little scary." And Finn said: "It was really amazing and nice to meet a royal. It was really fun." After the visit to the Museum, the Duke and Duchess headed to The Dracaena Centre, which offers a wide variety of support and services, with a mission of building a healthy, happy and mutually supportive society. Today marked the first-ever joint visit to Cornwall by William and Kate since they became the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall on September 8. Prince William inherited the title from his father after Charles acceded to the throne.