Despite numerous differences of opinion in recent years, Formula 1 titans Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen are aligned on at least one issue. That being the matter of where the sport should take its talents next after an ever-expanding calendar reached five continents. The success of Netflix series 'Drive to Survive' has inspired F1's surge in popularity across the pond, with the Las Vegas Grand Prix set to debut this year as a third stop on the United States tour. However, Hamilton has tipped Africa as an untapped resource after 30 years without a race on the continent. Hamilton—who remains the only black driver on the grid—described it in 2021 as a 'dream' of his to see F1 "highlight how beautiful the motherland is" with a return to South Africa. And Red Bull ace Verstappen has now thrown his weight behind that suggestion, agreeing there's one glaring omission when one considers the sport is represented in every other corner of the world. "I do think that we still need a race in Africa," the incumbent king of F1 recently told reporters. "We are basically on every other continent, so I do think that's the next step for Formula 1. We have history of course in South Africa, for example. So that would be a great addition." READ MORE: Mercedes star George Russell brings up Rafael Nadal in complaint about 2023 prep  The South African Grand Prix has been held in different capacities as far back as 1934, though it wasn't until Graham Hill won in 1962 that the race was officially given F1 distinction. It soon became a constant fixture on the F1 calendar before it was put on hold due to apartheid (1986-91), with Alain Prost winning the most recent edition for Williams in 1993. Hamilton, 38, is entering the final year of his current Mercedes contract—though he is expected to pen an extension—and running out of time to realise his vision of racing in Africa. The Stevenage-born superstar has addressed his efforts to negotiate a return to the continent with F1 executives in the past, but there are yet to be any signs of significant momentum. Speaking on the subject in September 2022, F1 president Stefano Domenicali highlighted a need for "the right partners" to guarantee long-term stability for a race. DON'T MISSAston Martin decide on Lance Stroll's replacement for pre-season after bike accidentF1 teams have suspicions about new Ferrari car as 'FIA asked about its legality'Lewis Hamilton, Serena Williams and Marcus Rashford glam up for London Fashion Week    One message was clear, however, as Domenicali assured a return to Africa was in the pipeline. “That’s a very clear target: Africa will come back and hopefully very soon on our calendar," the F1 supremo told Sky Sports. Verstappen lending his voice to the movement should go a long way to F1 truly realising its vision of becoming a global brand. A lot of resources have been pledged to bring Vegas and Miami on board in the last two years, but the U.S. surge also serves to further highlight one sizeable gap on the map.