Since the third and final Happy Valley series returned to screens, fans have been coming up with their old wild theories about how the BBC drama will end. The latest episode saw villain Tommy Lee Royce (played by James Norton) escaping from police custody and going on the run. The killer plans to lay low for a week, before fleeing the country with his son, Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah). However, Tommy has one more mission to fulfil before he leaves for Marbella, and that is to take revenge on Catherine Carwood (Sarah Lancashire). Catherine and her family are lying low since Tommy's escape, but it looks like the pair will come face-to-face in the final episode. Con O'Neill, who plays Neil Ackroyd in the BBC series, appeared on the This Morning sofa to discuss the grand finale. And while he didn't give too much away, he teased the final episode: "Blew my mind." READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending "When I read the script for the last episode, it blew my mind," the actor told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. "Sally [Wainwright] has written an extraordinary ending to the show." "That is all I need," Holly replied before repeating: "That's all I need." The actor explained he had no idea about the show's hype until he landed back in the UK after months of filming for another show. He continued: "I'm getting some bizarre DMs and mates texting me with ideas about who he is and what's going to happen." "It's gotta be a hard secret to keep?" Phillip chipped in. "It isn't," Con said before adding: "We have lived with this show for a long, long time." Earlier this week, a 20-second trailer for the finale dropped and sent fans into a frenzy. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty shuts down BBC Breakfast co-host  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as beloved couple reunite  [SPOILERS] One segment saw Ryan being questioned by the police asking the teenager when the last time he'd had contact with his dad was. Catherine could then be heard saying: "He's still out there, he's going to be angry and he's going to be even more desperate and dangerous." The trailer concluded with the police sergeant bent over and crying. One theory fans have come up with is Neil is Tommy's dad, and that's why he has been helping Ryan to visit him in prison. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, Laura penned: "Lauren McLellan wrote: "I'm getting vibes Neil is connected to Tommy in some way!! "Although trying not to read too much into it considering how wrong I was over Ted in Line of Duty (even though a part of me still thinks Ted is dodge) haha!" (sic) "I’ve just seen that people reckon Neil is Tommy’s dad and that would actually be an incredible plot twist - makes sense why he’d happily take Ryan to prison and also how Tommy got his gamer tag #HappyValley," @raining_purple tweeted. While @willstone_uk added: "My thoughts are that Tommy Royce will kill Ryan directly or indirectly as some sort of vengeance against Catherine. The old 'if I can't have him, you can't. Maybe some reveal about Neil but this would be the ultimate ending." (sic) Happy Valley returns on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.