Meghan Markle has been left "upset" after she and Prince Harry were the butts of the joke in the latest episode of South Park. The new episode entitled The Worldwide Privacy Tour aired on Comedy Central in the US on Wednesday and depicts the "Prince of Canada" attempting to escape the limelight with his princess. But royal expert Kinsey Schofield pointed out that being made fun of will not help Meghan's political ambitions. Speaking to TalkTV, she said: "South Park called her a sorority girl, they called her an influencer, they even recreated some of those old sexy poses she did for magazines. "I do think this is going to upset her because let's not forget Meghan does associate with these high-profile political figures; Kamala Harris, Stacey Abrams. "She's friends with Hillary Clinton. "I do think she has bigger aspirations for herself, things like this don't help." READ MORE: Harry left royal journalists baffled after admitting he reads Heat mag  The show features main character Kyle who is dismayed when he finds out that the characters, dubbed the "dumb prince and his stupid wife", have moved into a new home opposite his house. A trailer uploaded by South Park Studios shows a clip of Kyle complaining about the prince and princess's move to the neighbourhood to Stan and Kenny whilst sat in the school canteen during lunch. "It is seriously driving me crazy," Kyle said. "I'm sick of hearing about them, but I can't get away from them. "They're everywhere, in my f****** face." "Look, Kyle, we just kind of don't care about some dumb prince and his stupid wife," Stan replied. A clip of the episode features a scene that takes place on a chat show called Good Morning Canada. The couple enter the stage holding placards that read: "We want our privacy!" and: "Stop looking at us!" whilst the talk show host introduces a copy of the prince's book, titled Waaagh. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'found out again' as Duchess's Harry claim contradicted [INSIGHT]Camilla to avoid jaw-dropping jewel to escape 'trend of misfortune' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't recover' from South Park episode [ANALYSIS] The book cover strongly resembles that of Harry's controversial memoir Spare. In the cartoon, the host asks whether, in reporting on the royal family for his new book, the prince has now become a journalist, despite suggesting in the episode that he hated them. The "princess" interjects, saying: "We just want to be normal people - all this attention is so hard." The host then counters this statement, proposing that the prince and his wife do not want privacy. The prince and princess then storm off the set before moving to South Park and becoming Kyle's new neighbours.