Novak Djokovic has been warned that he could be embroiled in a “tricky situation” following his last-ditch attempt to compete at the Indian Wells Masters. The Serbian is currently banned from the US until May as unvaccinated travellers are unable to enter the country, prohibiting him from competing at both Indian Wells and the Miami Masters. Joe Biden’s government extended their emergency Covid restrictions to May 11, ensuring that Djokovic would be unable to compete in next month’s event but could be allowed into the country for the US Open in August and September. Djokovic’s brother, Djordje, has explained that the 22-time Major winner is hoping to compete in the ‘sunshine double’ Masters 1000 events through a special permit. "It is something that unfortunately is not in our hands," the youngest Djokovic brother told Tanjung. "Novak has to get a special permit, considering that the USA still does not allow entry to unvaccinated people, which is simply incredible because the whole world is open and sports events around the world are held with vaccinated and unvaccinated athletes." However, former player Prakash Amritraj has explained that the request could present a “tricky situation” regardless of whether Djokovic is granted permission to compete at the California event. JUST IN: Alcaraz gears up for comeback as he teases fans with return imminent "It becomes a tricky situation at that point. You know, if you excuse the great tennis player, then a lot of the family members and so forth who've been trying to get in, it's a tricky situation, where do you make that call?" Amritraj told the Tennis Channel. "But a lot of other countries have loosened up these restrictions and it seems it is coming off in May. So should they even be here right now? If you just look at it from a tennis perspective, he's sort of established himself as the best tennis player in the world," Amritaj continued. So, for all of us, it's a huge shame not to have him at two of the biggest events that we have." DON'T MISSHolger Rune adjusting to being a favourite after surprise Djokovic winTennis star with Federer dream is 'detaching' from Alcaraz comparisonsAndy Murray ex-coach explains how next gen can beat Novak Djokovic Many feel that Djokovic should be able to travel to the US, including Indian Wells tournament director Tommy Haas who claimed that it would be a “disgrace” if the world No 1 was banned from competing even though the 35-year-old has reiterated his desire to compete. “It would be nice to see if we could maybe lift those [restrictions] a little earlier and have him come to play Indian Wells and Miami,” Haas told Tennis365. “I think he wants to play, so we should give him the chance. Hopefully we can have him there. I mean, it would be a disgrace in my eyes if he wasn’t coming to these events, or not allowed to come.”