Martin Brundle has disagreed with Toto Wolff, with the Mercedes boss keen to block the FIA’s plans to allow new teams to join Formula 1. The sport has expanded exponentially in recent years, and it seems the next makeover could well be the addition of a new team to the roster. This comes after a joint bid from both Andretti Autosport and Cadillac was launched, which has since earned the support of FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem. A number of existing F1 teams have made their feelings clear about the expansion, most notably Wolff and Mercedes. And it seems Wolff and his fellow team principals will still be able to block any new application due to an FIA ruling that states new applicants must be ‘considered suitable’ from team bosses. Seemingly pushing back the addition of a new team, Wolff said: “I mean, each of the organisations that’s sitting here on the podium has probably put more than a billion into the Formula One projects over the years. JUST IN: Max Verstappen agrees with Valtteri Bottas as Lewis Hamilton and co gagged by FIA “So it needs to be accretive. If a team comes in, how can you demonstrate that you’re bringing in more money than it’s actually costing: because the 11th team means a 10 percent dilution for everybody else.” One man who is not in agreement though is former driver, and Sky Sports’ paddock reporter Brundle. Speaking on Sky Sports F1, the 63-year-old revealed he was more than open to the idea of the team roster being expanded. DON'T MISSRed Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as team's unsung heroes hailedSebastian Vettel urges drivers to rebel against 'nonsense' FIA rules - 'Have courage'Red Bull boss Christian Horner gives early 2023 Ferrari and Mercedes verdict - 'Nervous' He said: “Getting more teams in is a logistical thing as well as a financial aspect, you know, will they fit in the pit lane, the paddock, on the grid?“How many cars do we need? I think 24 cars will be great personally, we’ve got 29 races this season, 23 grands prix and six sprint races with 20 cars on the grid. “I don’t think it’s quite enough of a show, personally, and opportunity. But if you look at the Ford thing, it’s a halfway house really – it’s an interesting one. Red Bull had Infiniti on for a while, then it had Aston Martin on the side of it for a while before Aston got their own team, so this is a branding thing.”