Chelsea stars Raheem Sterling, Mason Mount and Reece James will reportedly see their wages drop next season if their side fail to finish in the top four this season. The trio will be hoping that the Blues’ incredibly busy January transfer window will ensure that they keep their healthy salaries. Chelsea are currently 10th in the Premier League after an underwhelming start to life under Graham Potter. The former Brighton boss was brought in to replace Thomas Tuchel but is still working on implementing his ideas at the club, with performances showing signs of potential but lacking consistency. The Blues are ultimately a work in progress, though the club will be hoping that their flurry of new arrivals accelerates their development. Mykhaylo Mudryk, Enzo Fernandez and Nuno Madueke have all arrived as part of an expensive January for Todd Boehly, all committed to the revival of Chelsea. And The Athletic’s David Ornstein has revealed that there are a few players that will be hoping that the club start winning games sooner rather than later for their personal gains. He explained: “I suspect Fofana, Badiashile and a number of others who have come in recently are on very reasonable salaries. “Those who have signed new deals, such as Reece James, potentially Mason Mount, even Raheem Sterling. They have clauses that see their salaries significantly reduced if they don’t qualify for the Champions League.” Chelsea will be hoping to kickstart their revival of this season on Friday night when they host Fulham, who are also in with a shout at finishing in the European spots as things stand. Fans will be hoping that they can catch a glimpse of some of their new arrivals on the night too. Fernandez is certainly the most notable of the new signings, joining the club on an eight-and-a-half year contract from Benfica for a British-record fee of £107million, which is being paid in instalments. The Argentina international arrives with the hope of adding quality to Chelsea’s midfield, an area of the pitch where the Blues have struggled markedly. The sale of Jorginho to Arsenal (£10m) means that Fernandez is likely to slot straight into the heart of Potter’s midfield – especially with Ruben Loftus-Cheek and N’Golo Kante both still ruled out with injury – alongside Matteo Kovacic. It remains to be seen whether the World Cup’s Young Player of the Tournament can help repair Chelsea’s season or if Mount and co will be earning markedly less from the start of the summer.