Chelsea's new signing Enzo Fernandez allegedly told Benfica that he would refuse to play and return to Argentina if they did not strike an immediate agreement with the Blues, according to reports in Portugal. The World Cup-winning midfielder eventually got his wish and landed his dream move to the Premier League in the final hours of the window when an eleventh-hour deal was struck between the two clubs following several deadline-day meetings. Chelsea had always intended to sign Fernandez last month but they had been unable to find an agreement with Benfica until the closing stages of the window when they finally shook hands on a club-record £107million deal. The player's medical checks were completed in Lisbon to speed up the process before Fernandez eventually flew to London on Wednesday for his official unveiling. Yet while Fernandez is relishing his new chapter, his reputation in Portugal has since been tarnished by reports exposing his alleged actions throughout negotiations. Lisbon-based sports newspaper Record says Fernandez actually threatened to head back to his homeland if Benfica didn't sanction his departure in January. READ MORE: Chelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez It's claimed he even threatened The Eagles with the idea of returning to Argentina mid-season - backing them into a corner. That's all despite a reported gentleman's agreement between Benfica and Chelsea that would have seen Fernandez land his move in the summer for £89m. However, both the 22-year-old and Chelsea were itching to bundle the deal over the line, meaning Benfica were virtually left with no other choice but to sell up. Had they held firm, they would have risked keeping a demotivated player, although Fernandez had previously shown a willingness to knuckle down after he was dropped by Roger Schmidt earlier in the month. DON'T MISSChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo FernandezArsenal 'considered two other signings' before Jorginho after Moises Caicedo deadlockChelsea saw second exit collapse alongside Hakim Ziyech due to Enzo Fernandez transfer Fernandez angered Benfica when he returned to Argentina for New Year's Eve without their permission before later missing team training. Stern head coach Schmidt was prepared to move on from the ordeal as he reinstated Fernandez into the Benfica squad as they looked to build on their lead over Porto at the top of the Primeira Liga. Chelsea's new signing would later score in the 2-0 Taca de Portugal win over Varzim before assisting twice in the 3-0 Primeira Liga victory over Santa Clara. But despite his performances on the pitch, it was clear he was ready to move onto pastures new and join Chelsea, who were desperate to sign him following his eye-catching emergence at the World Cup in Qatar. Upon signing on the dotted line, Fernandez thanked Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly for doing everything within his power to push the Premier League-record transfer over the line. "I am grateful to Chelsea and its ownership for doing everything they could to make me a part of this project," Fernandez told Chelsea's official website. "I’m happy and excited to join the Pride of London, to play in the best league in the world and to compete for the biggest trophies. "I can’t wait to play in front of our fans and help my team-mates on and off the pitch."