Jamie Carragher has urged Liverpool to sign at least five players in the summer transfer window after this week's Real Madrid demolition job. And he has revealed general fan consensus on Jurgen Klopp's future as manager, with Champions League football next season looking increasingly unlikely. Liverpool imploded at Anfield on Tuesday, collapsing to a 5-2 defeat to their conquerors in last season's Paris final. It was a new low in a tumultuous campaign for Klopp and co, with all focus soon to be on battling for a top-four spot, barring a remarkable comeback in Madrid. And Carragher has demanded that the club accelerates their reset with a busy summer transfer window after focusing their recruitment on Klopp's attack over the last year. The former Reds defender wants to see at least three midfielders arrive, as well as defensive reinforcements. He told CBS Sports: "It felt like a big game that at the end of the season we would all still look back on. "It was two heavyweights coming together, and you expected it would certainly go to the second leg. But to be so convincing for Real Madrid, I think, was a big blow for Liverpool. JUST IN: Man Utd fans split over Mason Greenwood as club continue investigation  "And I wouldn't say it's the 'final nail in the coffin', but I think there's a real realisation now that Liverpool do need to attack the market in the summer. "I would say the midfield needs three, at least, because there are players leaving on free transfers. And I think Liverpool need a couple of defenders as well. "So you're talking five or six players need to come in, and obviously players will go out. But that team have been together for so long. It does need breaking up now." Despite Liverpool's disastrous season, Carragher has insisted that the talk on the Anfield terraces isn't directed at replacing Klopp as manager. The 45-year-old revealed that Klopp is the latest in a long list of coaches viewed as a 'god' on Merseyside due to the success he has enjoyed. DON'T MISS Liverpool already know £98m Josko Gvardiol would love to join themMan Utd's title prospects assessed as Ten Hag's team enter the raceBarcelona boss Xavi gives verdict on Qatar buying Man Utd "[Fingers aren't being pointed at Klopp] because I think Liverpool are quite unique in terms of how they view the managers, the supporters, not just the owners of the football club," Carragher explained. "But I think Liverpool, probably more than any other club in world football, idolise the manager when that manager brings them success. "It starts with Bill Shankly [who] you still talk about. You think about Bob Paisley, Joe Fagan, Kenny Dalglish. Even Gerard Houlier and Rafa Benitez certainly, winning a Champions League, and now Klopp today. "The manager will always be a god in the Liverpool supporters' eyes, so there's no talk on the Liverpool terraces of Liverpool needing a new manager." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here