Well James, as you may have seen in the news, has lost a fair bit of weight lately and when I met up with him he was looking absolutely amazing. His secret, apparently, is to take part in dancing exercises with his lovely wife Ola. They’ve even turned their dancercise routines into a series of videos. Good luck to them, but as much as I love to waltz, there's a fat chance I’ll be downloading them. After all, the days of me dancing round the house in sequins are long gone - especially with my knees, hips and that recently broken shoulder! But meeting up with James and suffering my own recent health problems has left me pondering what the secrets are to trying to stay young. So I’ve come up with nine tips which I thought might help you... One, is don’t smoke. Not only will this extend your life it will extend your bank balance. How does anyone even afford to smoke these days? I don’t have a clue how they manage it! Two, cut sugar. Now I have to say this is something I struggle with. One of the few advantages of my recent accident was that I lost some weight. But I don’t recommend anyone fall down 18 stairs to stay slim. Instead, if you can, cut down on the sugar. Third, keep moving. As my old friend Liam Neeson once said to me "Eamonn, motion is your lotion". He’s right. And that’s why I was so determined to get back to work on GB News recently. Next, have regular facials. I know, I know, you all thought I got my good looks and my part time job as a George Clooney lookalike naturally. No. I regularly get facials. Five, and this feels particularly apt for Valentine’s Day, is to stay in love. Falling in love and being in love means you have someone to be young for. Next, and this is a “must” folks. Get. A. Dog. Introducing a pooch into your world will bring you the most dependable love you will ever know. My beloved Maggie totally transformed my life, and I don’t know where I’d be without her. Having a dog also encourages you to get out and to be sociable. That’s one of the reasons I am proud to be supporting K9 Angels and the rescue work they do. Seven, make sure you have interests and hobbies. For me football helps keep me young - especially when my team, Manchester United, are winning. Following a football team is like having a whole extra family. Set up a WhatsApp group too so you can share the highs and lows of following your team. Eight, surround yourself with company. Friends and laughter keep me young. I’d be lost without those things. Finally, and probably most important, have aims and objectives. If the last few months have taught me anything it is that you must never stop looking to move forward. It could be anything, you might be working towards a change of car, a holiday or new surroundings. Write it down on a Post-it note to remind you each morning what you are aiming towards. Looking to the future is the best pathway to not thinking about all the years that have gone past!