The reality is the only people who can really say, will be Mr Raab and those civil servants who are accusing him. They are the ones who will truly know if the Deputy Prime Minister’s behaviour “crossed a line”. One of the most interesting parts of this whole debate has been the claims it has led to about whether or not bullying can be mistaken for perfectionism.  Some have argued that a boss who rants and raves might actually end up getting the best out of the people working for them. Others have said it’s the latest example of a “snowflake generation” which needs to learn to toughen up. I’m not sure I buy all that. The people I’ve respected the most in my career aren’t the ones who have been able to shout the loudest or instil fear in those around them. No. More often it’s those who say the least who left the biggest impression on me. But there’s no doubt we do live in very different times now to when I was starting out in the world of work. At one point in my early TV career, I had a bullying boss who threw a ceramic cup at me. When that didn't get a reaction he threw a desktop telephone. His closing act was to then slam a heavy metal Adler typewriter towards my feet. That one got the desired effect he was looking for. I burst into tears. I was 20 years of age. I can only assume he was jealous that my career was going upwards and he was a failed on-screen presenter pushing pens behind a desk. Power over profile. He had the power but I had the profile. It was resolved when another boss, who had my back, grabbed him by the neck and thumped him. I didn't have a problem again.  But that’s not to say I’ve been happy to let people walk over me. Nobody bullies me. I grew up in Northern Ireland and there have been a few points throughout my career where the Belfast fella in me has come out, especially if I see a member of my team being treated unfairly. The TV industry is all about being nice and civil, but it can also create monsters. I’ve had guests over the years who’ve demanded their dressing rooms be painted a certain colour, or all the plastic be removed, with just 15 minutes’ notice. There was one time when an American actor came into the studio for an interview. Suddenly her PR person harangued one of my junior researchers saying: "Oh, is there a couch? My client can’t sit on that couch." I saw this altercation going on and stepped in and asked if there was a problem, saying: "Sorry – I didn’t realise you were being interviewed on the programme?" The PR person replied: "I’m not." So I said: "Well on your bike then." I also have to smile when I see certain people and organisations on social media using the “BeKind” hashtag. What a joke! Some of those actually use it like a smoke screen and hide behind it. It should be renamed #AnythingButKind. I’m often left open-mouthed at the abuse thrown out on social media via cowardly keyboard warriors who wouldn’t have the guts to say the same thing to your face. And I find it simply astonishing that social media bosses are too afraid to do anything about it. After all, unlike the allegations playing out inside the Government involving Mr Raab, the evidence of bullying behaviour is out there in public and on social media each and every day for us all to see. By the way, this isn’t just name-calling or bitchy remarks, often it's outrageous accusations and death threats that end up ruining lives, especially for young people. In my book that makes the facilitating billionaire bosses sitting in Silicon Valley who choose to ignore it, the biggest bullies of them all. 