Newcastle star Ryan Fraser has reportedly been ‘banished’ to the Magpies’ U21 side ahead of the Carabao Cup final clash against Manchester United. The winger will apparently spend the remainder of his time at the club training at the club’s academy base. Fraser has become a victim of Newcastle’s big spending and has not played since October. The 28-year-old has reportedly asked for more game time but has seen those calls ignored. Eddie Howe has rarely turned to his former Bournemouth star despite Fraser playing a key role in Newcastle’s upturn in form last season. The Scotland international has made just eight Premier League appearances and his last start came in September. Newcastle have reportedly decided to send Fraser to play with the U21s ahead of Sunday’s cup final. The Magpies apparently see Fraser’s future elsewhere and have no plans for him to be reintegrated into the first-team set-up. READ MORE: Newcastle make 'final decision' on appealing Nick Pope Man Utd ban That is according to the Daily Mail, who claim that Fraser will see out the remainder of his contract training with Newcastle’s academy. The player has a deal that expires at the end of the season, and he is expected to move on. Fraser departed Bournemouth - then managed by Howe - under acrimonious circumstances in the summer of 2020. When the season was extended due to the pandemic, Fraser refused to sign a contract extension to play for the remainder of the campaign to avoid an injury that could affect a move to a bigger club. Bournemouth were subsequently relegated and Howe left the Cherries as a result of their drop into the Championship. However, the now-Newcastle boss insisted there was no issue with Fraser when he was appointed in October 2021. The former Aberdeen attacker made 27 league appearances last season but has seen his game time limited to a mere 311 minutes this term. He will see out the rest of his time with the St James’ Park outfit in the U21s. DON'T MISS...Christian Atsu's wife shares heartbreaking message after tragic deathLiverpool warned Mason Mount has perfect transfer option in NewcastleEx-Man Utd ace Dubravka picks who he wants to win in Newcastle final It comes just days before Newcastle prepare to face United in their first major cup final since 1999 - a 2-0 FA Cup defeat by the Red Devils. Newcastle have already been set back by the suspension of in-form first-choice goalkeeper Nick Pope. Pope was sent off for denying a clear goalscoring opportunity during Newcastle’s defeat by Liverpool last weekend. The club have chosen not to appeal the one-match ban, given they could see it extended should the FA deem the appeal to be frivolous. Former Liverpool shot-stopper Loris Karius will make his debut for the club against United. The 29-year-old - whose errors cost the Reds the Champions League final in 2018 - has not played a competitive game of football in two years.