One of the UK’s leading microbiologists has warned that the world is “overdue” a flu pandemic and that it is “almost likely” to be bird flu. Dr Simon Clarke told Express.co.uk that “we are overdue a flu pandemic” but said he would “never call it an inevitability”.   The University of Reading associate professor did however warn that it is a “real possibility” that bird flu is “what causes” the next global health emergency. He also wanted to dispel the idea that a bird flu pandemic couldn’t take place because of the recency of the Covid pandemic. “It’s worth pointing out, and I don’t mind you quoting me on this, [just] because we’ve had Covid that doesn’t mean that… we’ve sort of banked our pandemic”, he said. “They’re different things and just because we’ve had Covid doesn’t mean we’re not going to get flu coming along.” This comes as cases of bird flu cases skyrocket around the world, with the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) setting up a task force, made up of some of the scientists that analysed data during Covid, to produce models of what might happen if bird flu starts to transmit from human-to-human. UKHSA scientists predict that in a “severe scenario”, one in 40 people infected with bird flu would die from it. The World Health Organisation (WHO) however has said that in the last twenty years, of the near 900 bird flu cases in humans, more than half have been fatal. There are reports of twelve human cases of H5N1 avian flu, colloquially known as bird flu, in Cambodia. One 11-year-old girl from the same province of those suspected cases has died. READ MORE: Experts prepare for 'severe' outbreak of bird flu in humans after girl, 11, dies Professor Jonathan Ball of the University of Nottingham said the death “is a very sad outcome for the young girl infected” and that the regularity with which the virus emerges in mammals may “increase the possibility of further human infections”. Dr Clarke told Express.co.uk that bird flu is a long-standing blight on human health. “We’ve known that bird flu is a threat for a long time, for many years”, he said. “It crops up every now and again… it’ll always be a problem.” He added: “It really becomes a problem if jumps from person to person.” This comes as the MailOnline reports that wild birds from the Scottish Highlands to Cornwall have come down with the deadly virus, with 46 and 39 cases respectively. Aberdeenshire is the worst hit area in the UK, with 85 cases of H5N1. Other areas with significant numbers include Northumberland, 39, Fife, 37, Moray, 30, West Lancashire, 25, Angus, 22, and Argyll and Bute, 22. However there have also been occurrences of bird flu in approximately 250 parts of the UK. Professor James Wood from Cambridge University said: “There has been massive global challenge of wild and domestic birds with the current H5N1 avian influenza virus over the last few months and years, which will have exposed many humans; despite this, what is remarkable is how few people have been infected. “There has been at least one in the UK who had close contact with affected ducks. He continued: “Tragic though this case in Cambodia is, we expect there to be some cases of clinical disease with such a widespread infection. “Clearly the virus needs careful monitoring and surveillance to check that it has not mutated or recombined, but the limited numbers of cases of human disease have not increased markedly and this one case in itself does not signal the global situation has suddenly changed.”