 Gary O’Connor, 63, has been the musician’s personal trainer for over two decades, garnering a close relationship with the world-renowned rockstar. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Gary revealed what the celebrity is really like on that intimate level, noting he is “fully supportive” of the trainer’s own private endeavours.   In mid-January, Gary undertook the arduous challenge of the SAS Fan Dance route to raise money for Myeloma UK, the charity that’s helping to find a cure for his sister’s cancer. The trainer revealed how supportive Sir Rod has been about this endeavour, donating some of his own funds to the charity and giving Gary permission to use his celebrity status to get some public attention. He told Express.co.uk: “He’s even run with me this morning and wished me well. “I’ve been training him for a long long time and I’ve never done anything of this nature before. So it’s all a bit of ‘Wow, Gary’s doing this?’.” READ MORE: Pauline Quirke is first Birds Of A Feather star to get MBE as she smiles at Prince William  Gary is self-admittedly a “gray man”, and says that has been the “secret to my success” in the world of fame. As such, the fitness enthusiast highlighted that an interview is not something he would usually be too keen on. He continued: “It’s something I’m doing because it’s linked intrinsically with the charity that supports research for my sister. “Ordinarily, nobody would be interested in me or Lee or my sister but when you bring in the status of Sir Rod Stewart, that’s the hook and thank goodness he’s very supportive.”     When he first spoke to Express.co.uk, Gary was just hours away from starting the Fan Dance challenge, which is a route over the Pen Y Fan mountain in South Wales that the SAS use as a selection test. While he was somewhat nervous, the challenge had been on his to-do list for ages and now at the age of 63 he has officially completed it in six hours and 27 minutes, raising £3,370 for Myeloma UK in the process. Walking, and sometimes running, through the route with his fitness pal Lee Arrowsmith, Gary admitted he had “totally underestimated” what he was in for. He said after the challenge: “It was the hardest thing we have both ever done - a massive physical and mental challenge, totally life-changing and unforgettable.”  Reflecting on the incredible fitness of the rockstar, who still performs for hours across the globe in high-energy routines despite being 78 years of age, Gary doesn’t seem to connect years of his hard work with this result. He chuckles: “Even I look at him and go, ‘Oh my god. Can I attain that when I reach that age?’ “I dissociate myself really. He doesn’t exercise like a typical 78-year-old that’s for sure.” However, Gary’s approach has seemingly been to treat Sir Rod, international music icon, as any other client.  When he first started working for the singer, Gary didn’t pay much mind to the pressure of working with a celebrity, rather he just wanted to avoid being fired. He said: “When I first did it, bare in mind I was giving up my comfort job, my main thing was doing my job good enough to stay employed.”  Over the years, Gary undertook what he calls “on-the-job training” and eventually became Sir Rod’s personal assistant and the assistant to the tour manager as well, ensuring he would be “good enough to stay employed”. Gary explains that although more affluent people have more accessibility to healthy eating, private gyms, personal chefs and personal trainers like himself, he highlights that there’s one key aspect of keeping a healthy body that he cannot do for a client. He shared: “At the end of the day whatever the level of income you have, a trainer can’t do it for you. You can get advice and have a chef but you’ve still got to eat the food. “I agree that accessibility if you have a certain level of wealth, has nothing to do with fame or celebrity status. The only difference with celebrity status is they’re under pressure to look the best they possibly can whereas Mr Wall Street just wants to look good for himself, it’s different. “They’re not going to walk out the door and be photographed immediately.” Gary’s JustGiving page raising funds for Myeloma UK is still accepting donations.