Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly is a 'big fan' of Eintracht Frankfurt boss Oliver Glasner, who could fall under consideration for a second time under the American's reign if Graham Potter is relieved of his duties in west London. The highly-rated Austrian tactician caught the eye of the Chelsea hierarchy last season when he fired Frankfurt to Europa League glory and his side have also surpassed all exceptions this season by qualifying for the knockout stages of the Champions League. Glasner's work hasn't gone unnoticed by the Chelsea hierarchy and he is believed to have attracted firm admirers in both Boehly and technical director Christopher Vivell, who like Glasner, has connections to Red Bull Salzburg. It's understood Boehly even reached out to Glasner last September as he began to line up potential replacements for Thomas Tuchel following the German's shock dismissal. According to Bild's Christian Falk, the feelings on Glasner from a Chelsea perspective are positive despite their decision to push ahead with the appointment of Potter. “I think Todd Boehly will try to hold on to Graham Potter for as long as he can given how dissatisfied fans were with the decision to axe Thomas Tuchel,” Falk, who suggests Glasner will be a candidate to replace Potter if he is sacked, wrote in his Caught Offside column. READ MORE: Four options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham Potter “If Potter doesn’t improve Chelsea’s form in the league, however, Boehly may be forced to look at alternative managerial options anyway. “We heard that already in the summer Chelsea knocked on Oliver Glasner’s door to see if there was any interest in joining the project in London as manager. It wasn’t so concrete and, in the end, they went with Potter." Falk also noticed the significance of the links between Vivell and Glasner, which could bode in the Austrian's favour should he wish to land the Stamford Bridge hot-seat in the future. He added: “That being said, Boehly will have been very impressed with how Glasner won the Europa League with Frankfurt. If he has to get rid of Potter, Glasner could be a viable option. It’s worth remembering that Chelsea’s technical director, Christopher Vivell, did originate from RB Leipzig. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterChelsea owner Todd Boehly can go full Roman Abramovich with mind-blowing appointmentChelsea 'not expected to train on Monday' as pressure mounts on Graham Potter “When you’re coming from Red Bull’s coaching programme – everyone who graduates all hold a special philosophy – as Glasner has, you tend to share a similar view to current and former employees of a Red Bull club. So, you see, Vivell and Glasner have the same view on football, which is one good reason as to why he could be a hot topic at Chelsea if Potter gets sacked.” Frankfurt are currently sixth in the Bundesliga table - just two points behind fourth-placed Freiburg as the race for Champions League football intensifies. Eintracht also have a two-legged Champions League last 16 knockout clash with Napoli to look forward to after they snuck through the group stages in second place behind Tottenham. The Bundesliga side are a tough nut to crack and have been renowned for unearthing attacking talent in the past few years. Randal Kolo Muani, who was signed by Glasner last summer from Nantes on a pre-contract agreement, lit up the World Cup with France in Qatar. Glasner's experience in the Bundesliga could also bode well for his potential job prospects at Chelsea. Former Bayer Leverkusen attacker Kai Havertz is still yet to fulfil his potential in west London while Christopher Nkunku is due to arrive from RB Leipzig at the end of the season. Due to their lack of progress on the field, there is a sense that Chelsea could be in need of fresh ideas if they are to somehow finish in the top-four this season. Potter's job looks to be safe for now but if results do not improve, Boehly could be left with no other option but to pull the trigger.