Hunter Biden's lawyers on Wednesday finally admitted a laptop recovered from a repair shop in Wilmington, Delaware belongs to the younger son of President Joe Biden. Biden had previously claimed not to have owned the laptop which contained private emails and photos of him. His legal team is now demanding a criminal investigation into the owner of the repair shop, John Paul Mac Isaac, for "unlawfully" accessing his computer and sharing its contents. In a 14-page letter to Delaware Attorney General Kathy Jennings, Biden's lawyer Abbe Lowell claimed Mac Isaac worked with Donald Trump's personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani to "weaponize" the data against Joe Biden. Lowell said: "This failed dirty political trick directly resulted in the exposure, exploitation, and manipulation of Mr Biden’s private and personal information. "Mr Mac Isaac’s intentional, reckless, and unlawful conduct allowed for hundreds of gigabytes of Mr Biden’s personal data, without any discretion, to be circulated around the Internet." Mac Isaac was first handed the laptop and a hard driver in late 2019 and repeatedly tried to contact Biden to pick them up after they were repaired. JUST IN: Inside Trump 2024 launch: MAGA base ‘reinvigorated’ but 'loss of mojo' gives DeSantis hope Mac Isaac accessed the data and discovered a series of emails seemingly detailing influence-peddling involving the now-President as well as pictures of Hunter smoking crack cocaine after Hunter Biden failed to collect his belongings. He then proceeded to contact the FBI, who recovered the laptop in December 2019 but only after making a copy of the content and delivering it to Giuliani's own lawyer, Robert Costello. In his letter to the Attorney General, Lowell accused Mac Isaac, Giuliani and other individuals associated with the Trump administration of ganging unauthorised access to the laptop and sharing it with the media. In 2019, Giuliani provided some of the contents of the hard drive to the New York Post ahead of the 2020 election, resulting in an article exposing Hunter Biden's business schemes and his sordid lifestyle. READ MORE: Ex-Clinton aide warns Biden could be 'knocked' out of 2024 race Lowell said: "We believe that the facts and circumstances merit further investigation as to whether the conduct of Messrs. Mac Isaac, Costello, Giuliani, Bannon, Ziegler, Maxey, and Apelbaum violated several provisions of Delaware’s criminal code – including, but not necessarily limited to, computer-related property offences… theft … possession of stolen property … and misapplication of another’s property … Each of these offences, if violated, has the potential to be a felony, depending on the value of the property in question." Mac Isaac however rejected the accusation and claimed Hunter Biden's sudden admission is the result of an upcoming Congress investigation into his business dealings due to start next week. He told the New York Post: "I think with Congress starting investigations next week, it’s a scare tactic. "The flak is heaviest when you are over the target!" DON'T MISS: Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] The House Oversight Committee will kickstart hearings next week to investigate whether Hunter Biden exploited his father's position when he was Vice President to secure deals with foreign companies. Former Trump White House aide Garrett Ziegler said Lowell's letter is a "desperate attempt" to minimise media attention. Ziegler said: "With respect to the letters from the President’s son pleading with his daddy’s agencies to target those who expose his blatant criminality, Kevin Morris did not get a lot of bang for his buck. Morris allegedly lent Hunter Biden $2 million to help him pay for overdue federal taxes. Ziegler added: "You’d think that Morris would spend $1,400+/hour on an actual tax attorney when funding Hunter’s legal misadventures, which Abbe Lowell is not."