People can claim Universal Credit only when they are of working age so once a person reaches the state pension age of 66, they will no longer be able to claim the support. However, a state pensioner may still be able to receive the support as part of a couple, if their partner is under state pension age. Government guidance states: "If you have a partner and one of you is state pension age, you and your partner may be able to claim Universal Credit as a couple. “One of you must be 65 years old or under and be able to get UC. You can get Universal Credit until you both reach state pension age. If you cannot get UC, you can use a benefits calculator to see what other help you may be able to get." People can apply for Universal Credit on the Government website. Applicants need to create an account, and for couples claiming, both people need to set up an account, which will be linked when making the claim. There is also the option to claim over the phone on the Universal Credit helpline. Those who already claim benefits may want to use a benefits calculator to see if they will be better off on Universal Credit, as it may affect their other benefit payments. Both the state pension and Universal Credit are increasing by 10.1 percent in April, so a couple who claim both as a source of income for their household may see a significant payment increase. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs How much will the state pension and Universal Credit be from April? These are the new payments that will apply for those who claim the full state pension:   For those on Universal Credit, these new payments will apply for the standard allowance: READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost State pensioners on low incomes may also be able to claim Pension Credit, which tops up a person’s income and provides access to many other Government benefits. The benefit tops up a person’s income up to £182.60 a week for single claimants and up to £278.70 a week, which could add thousands of pounds to a household’s income over the course of a year. People can get extra payments through the scheme depending on their situation, such as if they care for another adult. Pension Credit is a ‘gateway’ benefit as it may entitle a claimant to many other Government schemes, such as a free TV licence for those aged 75 and over. This benefit is hugely underclaimed so it’s worth a person checking if they can get the support. Pension Credit is also increasing by 10.1 percent in April. With the uprating, single claimants will get a top up to £201.05 a week while couples will get a top up to £306.85 a week. Those on means-tested benefits, including Universal Credit and Pension Credit, are also to receive a £900 cost of living payment over the coming tax year. The first payment for this will come in Spring 2023 with exact dates yet to be announced by the Government.