Securing the largest state pension possible is a goal for many people progressing towards retirement. This typically hinges on the National Insurance contributions a person makes throughout their lifetime - but some may have gaps in their record which they could fill through voluntary contributions. It could be worth checking if it's possible to get National Insurance credits first, though. Usually, people can only top-up the last six years of their National Insurance record. However, if a person is a man born after April 5, 1951 or a woman born after April 5, 1953 and don’t have a full record, they can currently pay voluntary contributions to fill gaps going back to 2006. But an expert has warned this is only possible until April 5, when the years you can backdate will reduce, and so Britons will need to take action to avoid missing out. Jon Orchard, chartered financial planner at Old Mill, told Express.co.uk: “You can currently ‘top-up’ by making Class 3 voluntary NIC, these currently cost £824.20 per year. READ MORE: Pensioners warned about downsizing after interest rates hit 4% “However, if you fill gaps from past years the cost is lower. “Each year you buy currently provides an extra £275 per year state pension, so if you survive say three years past state pension age, you would have received £825 back (before tax). “Therefore, the cost equals the payback once you get to three years past pension age, and the longer you live, the more significant the boost will be.” Mr Orchard used the example of a 66-year-old male making a one-year National Insurance contribution to his state pension to gain the maximum amount he can. DON'T MISSHMRC issues warning as voicemail message circulates [WARNING]‘Pensioners should not fear’ as interest rates reach 14-year-high [INSIGHT]Interest rates rise for 10th time to 4% as Bank of England acts [LATEST] If he were to live to the expected age of 84, he would have made an £824.20 “investment” for £4,950 back before tax. People can have gaps in their record due to a variety of circumstances. This may include a period of unemployment without receiving benefits, living abroad or being a low earner. These individuals have the chance to significantly boost their state pension for a more comfortable retirement. READ MORE: 20 part-time jobs for pensioners looking to boost their state pension However, the expert warned there are some “big caveats” when it comes to the top-up scheme. He explained: “Firstly, you need to make sure you won’t get credited with sufficient NIC in the years up to state pension age by other means, or you could end up paying for NIC you don’t need. “The most obvious way this could happen is if you are earning enough to pay NIC and will do so up until state pension age. “You may also be able to manually apply for NIC credits for those missing years, for example, if you were on statutory sick pay, caring for a family member, on maternity, paternity or adoption pay.” It is therefore vital for Britons to find out whether they are making the most of their state pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They can do this by visiting the Government website and using the state pension forecast tool. The tool offers information on: Those who are not predicted to get the full sum at state pension age may need to check their NI history via the Government website. Mr Orchard added: “If it looks like there is the ability to make NIC top-ups - and it is the right thing to do for your personal circumstances, then call the Future Pension Centre who should be able to guide you further through the process. “This is just one small piece in the 'retirement' jigsaw puzzle. “As always, I would urge everyone to start planning and mapping out this stage in your life as soon as you can.”