Stagnant wages and record-high inflation rates mean that living alone is now more expensive than ever before. The cost of being single means Britons are facing the rising costs of groceries, energy and rent without the benefit of splitting bills with a roommate or significant other. April is due to see a wave of change. The energy price guarantee is currently expected to increase from £2,500 a year for an average household to an eye-watering £3,000; water bills will rise by 7.5 percent; council tax is due to rise in a majority of constituencies between five and 15 percent; food price inflation is soaring at 16.7 percent and to top it off, wage stagnation is seeing a record drop in real value. However, while these bills can seem like a lot to face - especially when living alone, there are some benefits to being single that, if known, can help save a significant amount of money every year. Stipulate you live alone to your local council - save £492 Those living alone are entitled to a 25 percent council tax reduction. READ MORE: Woman shares 'great' method to earn an extra £1k a month in local pubs  Experts at Vouchers said: “What some people don’t know, though, is that you can still apply for this reduction anytime you live with people that don’t have to pay council tax, such as students.” One-person household benefits - save £1,149 Britons who are on a low income may be eligible for a benefit to use towards their living costs. Voucher experts said the average housing benefit payment for a single person is £95.77 depending on their living situation, summing up to a possible savings of around £1,149.24 a year. DON'T MISS: Woman earns £2,000 a month with ‘rewarding’ side hustle [EXPLAINED]Expert shares tips for homeowners fixing mortgage rates [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can check the Government’s benefits calculator tool to check whether they’re eligible. Switch to a sim-only phone - save over £610 When phone contract upgrades come around, people don’t necessarily need to opt-in. A new iPhone can set a person back over £56 a month, but Vouchers found that keeping the old phone for longer and swapping to a £6 sim-only deal can save over £610. READ MORE: Couple save £15k and shave ‘six years’ from mortgage with overpayments  Install a water meter - save £660 Those living in a home with fewer people than there are bedrooms could save a significant sum of money on their water bill by installing a water meter. Experts at Vouchers said: “Estimated water bills are done so by basing average water cost on the size of your house and how many people they believe should be living there.” However, they continued: “Installing a water meter tracks your real usage. Some members of the MSE forum discovered that by changing to a water meter, they saw savings of £660 in just one year.”  Supermarket loyalty cards - save £120 Depending on how much a person spends in-store, different loyalty supermarket cards can provide different benefits.  In their supermarket savings research, MoneyEdit found that Lidl offered the best saving over any other supermarket. Spending over £200 a month enabled £10 off coupons and the chance to get shopping freebies. Join a dining club and save up to 50 percent on eating out Even when living alone, dining out doesn’t have to be off-limits. Some loyalty schemes such as Tastecards can still save a person over £226 per year, even if they minimised eating out to just once a month. Vouchers experts said: “Not only do they give you eating-out benefits, but you can reduce your spending on cinema tickets and takeaways, and give you shopping discounts.” 