British travellers who live far away from an airport or need a car to transport their luggage, might end up shelling out a small fortune on airport parking. However, there are a few ways Britons can save. Former flight attendant and travel consumer expert, Jane Hawkes, shared her top money-saving tips with Express.co.uk. Jane said: “Pre-book a parking package. This can include not just parking but airport lounge reservations, airport hotels, transfers and even car hire. “With everything already wrapped up, you save time as well as money!” A parking package could help British tourists save on other necessities such as car hire or airport transfers in their destination. It’s worth checking ahead to see if a package could save valuable time and money and avoid any last minute stress. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ “Sign up to mailing lists to get cheaper parking and check for discount codes on sites such as VoucherCodes for your chosen airport,” Jane told Express.co.uk. She added: “If you are able to do so, choose a non-flexible deal. The non-refundable or amendable booking options are much cheaper.” If Britons are confident in their holiday booking, a non-refundable parking booking is usually much cheaper than a flexible option. Tourists could also check voucher sites to see if there are any handy deals on airport parking which could meet their needs. Jane told Express.co.uk: “Book early for maximum savings. Take a look at price comparison sites such as holidayextras.co.uk to find a range of options to suit your budget.” Booking parking as soon as the holiday is booked could save British travellers money as prices are only likely to rise nearer to the departure date. If Britons live close to several airports, they could even try leaving from a different one with cheaper parking. Jane said: “Choose a different airport to fly from. Airports that do not charge for drop offs include London City Airport, Cardiff, Guernsey, Inverness, Isle of Man, Jersey and Newquay. READ MORE: The worst things British tourists do on a foreign holiday “The latter being the piece de resistance with two car parks offering 30 minutes of free parking to make pick up and drop off as easy as possible.” Unfortunately several British airports do charge for drop offs, but there’s one way Britons could lower the cost. Jane said: “If you’re collecting passengers, check to see if there’s a safe location nearby where you can ‘hold’ until closer to drop off time. “If dropping off, say any farewells before you do to save time and money on any applicable charges.” If tourists do need to drive themselves to the airport they could use the cheaper long stay airports and take an airport shuttle to the terminal. Heathrow Airport charges drivers £5 to enter the drop off area and this can be paid for in advance. Manchester Airport has a free drop off area where tourists will need to catch a bus to the terminal. Alternatively, travellers can be dropped off by the terminal but will be charged £5 for a five minute stop. Jane Hawkes shares travel tips and advice at ladyjaney.co.uk. 