A bone-chilling -15C plume is set to travel across Europe, arriving in Britain in just over a week's time. Weather maps have captured the moment this Arctic plume is set to push eastwards, hitting the vast eastern coastline of England first. Forecasters have been dubious when it comes to predicting snow next month, but now the Met Office has thrown weight behind potentially "disruptive" snow showers which may fall sporadically. The earliest date on which snow and sub-zero temperatures are set to arrive in the UK is March 8 - with much of the nation waking up to icy conditions from 6am. Many will wake up to some light snow showers too, with a dusting due to settle across East and West Sussex, with Manchester in the North West also seeing some wintry scenes. The Midlands and eastern Wales will see thermometers recording -5C at the lowest, with Birmingham freezing in -3C conditions. In Kent, London and Essex the mercury will vary between -1C and -2C. How long the snow will last is an entirely different matter, with the Met Office saying longer daylight hours at the end of March may mean it is short-lived. In Netweather's forecast between March 6 to 12, it highlights how some areas will remain dry, while others will be pelted with sleet or snow. It says: "It is likely that much of north-western Britain, particularly western Scotland, north-west England and Northern Ireland, will stay largely dry regardless, although coastal sleet/snow showers are possible even in these regions if the northerlies hit Britain directly. "Towards the end of the week, there is also potential for low-pressure systems to start pushing into south-western Britain, bringing some rain and potentially some snow on the north-eastern flank of the systems as they head further north and east through England and Wales." READ MORE: Supermarkets summoned for emergency talks as veg crisis to last WEEKS The Met Office's long-range forecast from March 13 to 27 indicates the potential for such conditions to stick around. It adds: "Through this period, spells of rain and snow are likely at times, with a small possibility of these combining with stronger winds to become locally disruptive. "Overall though, conditions are more likely to be mixed, with some areas remaining largely snow free. Northwestern areas are likely to stay driest throughout. "Temperatures are likely to remain below average to start, although a trend towards average temperatures is most likely later on. "Despite this trend, short colder spells remain possible, and are more likely than average." Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services still remains largely optimistic over exactly how widespread snow will be next month. Speaking to Express.co.uk he added: "I still fancy something will give but it’s now later rather than sooner. From March 8 it will certainly be more changeable and probably unsettled from that point onwards. "Colder in time too with some transient snow events for the north. That’s where we are at the moment."