Mercedes have it all to prove at the season-opening race in Bahrain next week, but Dutch racing driver Giedo van der Garde believes Lewis Hamilton can already forget about winning an eighth world championship this year. Hamilton endured a frustrating season in 2022 with the W13 causing problems throughout the year. It was the first season in Hamilton's career that he was unable to pick up a race win and the 2023 campaign is seen as an opportunity to right some wrongs. Speaking after the season finale in Abu Dhabi last year, Toto Wolff admitted to being confident that Mercedes would be able to bounce back. But that confidence has seemingly subsided following pre-season testing this week. While Mercedes admit to having solved last year's bouncing issues, they struggled for grip and pace over the three-day test. While pre-season testing doesn't show the full picture for a car's potential, there is usually an indication on where teams could be in comparison to their rivals. And it's been suggested that Mercedes have fallen behind Aston Martin in the pecking order following a difficult pre-season testing for both Hamilton and George Russell.  More will become clear next week in the season-opening Grand Prix, but Van der Gerde has already written off Hamilton's chances of winning an eighth world title. "Mercedes just doesn't really have it done. They have a serious problem," he said on Viaplay. "Hamilton thinks: 'That eighth title, we can draw a line through that.'" The 38-year-old admitted that both Red Bull and Ferrari are still ahead of Mercedes in the development of their car.  But the seven-time world champion is seemingly happier with this year's car than the 2022 version. "We're not quite where we want to be but it's a good platform to start from," he said. "It's a much more beautiful world to be in when we're not bouncing but we do have some pace to pick up in a straight line. "We have some things we need to work on, it's still not perfect and we're still not able to match the Red Bulls, or the Ferraris, currently. Who knows where we'll be next week, we'll just try to stay positive."