Drivers are speeding less on Britain's roads - because of high fuel prices and the cost-of-living crisis, experts say. The number of motorists prosecuted for so-called "SP30" - "exceeding statutory speed limit on a public road" - offences was down more than 30 per cent last year compared with 2021. New statistics also highlight the number of speeders was at its lowest level for four years - the most promising numbers in terms of road safety since 2018. Graham Conway, motoring expert and boss of a car and van leasing firm, told Express.co.uk: "These numbers seem to back up what a lot of our staff and customers are saying - people, in general, seem to be slowing down. "While there have been a series of police and charity campaigns to raise awareness, they’ve never previously had the effect of reducing the number of speeding convictions to this extent."  Mr Conway added: "So there must be other factors at play, and the most obvious is the high cost of fuel still affecting British motorists. "Last summer, the average cost of a full tank of diesel rose above £100 for the first time. Even though prices have come down slightly, motorists are still being hit hard at the pumps. "However, there is one potential positive to come out of the situation - cutting down the number of reckless drivers willfully exceeding the speed limit, therefore making our roads safer." Supermarket prices for unleaded now average 145.5 p/litre and diesel is around 170.7 p/litre. And Mr Conway, managing director of Select Car Leasing, believes drivers are slowing down to get as many miles out of a tank as possible.  The DVLA stats also show the number of SP30 convictions for 2022 were projected at 607,231, compared with 841,107 in 2021.The most recent figure was also much lower than those for 2020 (731,020) and 2019, when 801,695 motorists were hit with SP30 prosecutions.Contrary to popular belief, an SP30 offence is not only for exceeding the limit in a 30mph zone. It is simply the code used for a speeding offence committed on a public road that’s not a motorway.This means you can be hit with an SP30 prosecution on any road where the limit is between 10mph and 60mph.They account for around 80 per cent of all speeding tickets and incur a minimum fine of £100 and up to six points on your licence which remain in force for four years. Mr Conway added: "Points for speeding are frowned upon by insurance companies, so expect to see your premiums increase."There is sometimes the option of taking a speed awareness course instead of receiving points, which you will have to pay for and pass an exam at the end of.”According to the Energy Saving Trust, driving between 55 and 65mph is the best range to use fuel most efficiently.Once you head above 70mph the difference is stark. Putting your foot down to 85mph uses around 40 per cent more than motoring along at 70mph.Mr Conway said: "As well as slowing down, there are some other simple things you can do to save pounds at the pumps."Remove excess weight from your boot and take off any roof racks or boxes, which create extra drag and make your vehicle much less efficient."In terms of cash, driving with an empty roof rack could cost you £300 more a year in petrol or diesel."