The Princess of Wales has released a behind-the-scenes video of how the 'Shaping Us' campaign came alive. The clip was revealed on Kate's social media platforms, @earlychildhood. On the Twitter account, the video was captioned as the "making of Shaping Us". The tweet also read: "We have had such a wonderful response to Layla’s Story so we thought we’d share a little sneak peek behind-the-scenes film of how we brought it to life." The video features behind-the-scenes footage of people working on creating the figure of Layla - the child at the heart of the video promoting her new campaign. The sweet video gives a royal fans a glimpse into Kate's latest work. READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return and attend King Charles's Coronation At the pre-launch event, which took place prior to the release, Kate spoke candidly of the importance of the campaign. Her campaigning for Early Years has fast become her "life work", having devoted over a decade to promoting the issue. The 41-year-old has spent more than a decade championing the issue and highlighting the importance of the first five years of a child's life. Speaking about her passion for the early years Kate previously said: "The campaign is fundamentally about shining a spotlight on the critical importance of early childhood and how it shapes the adults we become. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's rumoured US move would be 'blip on radar' for Royal Family "During this time we lay the foundations and building blocks for life." She added that during the first five years is when we "understand ourselves", "understand others" and "understand the world in which we live". She claimed that, within her work, she hopes to "help [to] raise future generations of happy, healthy adults." DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] As well as being the Princess of Wales, Kate is a mother-of-three. The 41-year-old shares two sons, nine-year-old Prince George and four-year-old Prince Louis, and one daughter, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte with Prince William.