Carl Froch couldn’t hold in the excitement after witnessing Jake Paul’s unbeaten streak come to an end against Tommy Fury on Saturday night. The former super-middleweight world champion has been involved in a long-running feud with Paul and was among the first to jump on the YouTube star while he was down. Tommy’s father John had praised Jake for his gutsy display and said that he now ‘has the right to say he's a professional boxer.’ But Froch disagrees. "He can’t call himself a professional boxer because he’s gone in against a novice pro and got absolutely whooped, he got obliterated,” he said with a wide grin on his face in the immediate aftermath. “He wasn’t really in the fight let’s be honest. Ok, it was competitive at stages but look, he’s swinging for the heavens there with that overhand right.” Prior to the fight, Froch, who was on the BT Sport broadcast panel, insinuated that the Paul vs Fury fight may not be ‘genuine’ and affirmed that he would be looking at it closely for possible signs of ‘fight-fixing’. “I question the way in which this fight was won [against Anderson Silva]. The right clipped him on the nose, and he went over, maybe it was a balance issue, but I feel like Anderson Silva wasn’t trying. "When there is so much money at stake, we don’t like to say fights are fixed and what’s going off in the background. But there’s always stuff circulating, and this is a gravy train that needs to keep going and he’s making a lot of money Jake Paul because he knows what he’s doing, he speaks well, he’s got the social media influence and I don’t think his story finishes here with Tommy Fury. "I think there’s something deeper going on. I don’t want to put my tin foil hat on but I’m going to watching this closely. I’ll be looking at this saying, ‘right, what’s Tommy Fury doing? How’s he standing? How’s he jabbing? What’s he up to? Is he in there trying?’. MORE BOXING NEWS... Boxing fans in stitches after presenter tells Logan 'I love you too' Boxing fans blast Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury as rematch details emerge Paul heavily booed after sharing excuses for Fury loss in Saudi Arabia "I’ve got all these things going off. Until I see Jake Paul and Tommy Fury up exchanging leather up close and in range, I’m not going to be convinced this is genuine.” Paul has had similar baseless accusations aimed at him for the entirety of his stint in the paid ranks. The ex-Disney actor has flat-out rejected the rumours and branded such theories as ‘pathetic’ and ‘stupid’.