For those in a position to do so, mortgage overpayments can come with a number of long-term benefits - from reducing the overall interest to helping to secure lower-interest loans when remortgaging. One couple from Leighton Buzzard is due to become mortgage-free six years early and now they “can’t think of ever” not overpaying every month. Theresa (40) and James (39) are currently making monthly overpayments of £200 on their mortgage and in doing so, are saving a staggering £14,723. By using the mortgage app, Sprive, to organise “effortless” overpayments, the savvy couple told Express.co.uk: “We've always been pretty good with money, having different pots for different things, including a rainy day fund.” However, they continued: “We want to be mortgage free as fast as we can so decided to overpay via the Sprive app which makes it effortless for us. Knowing that we're chipping away and smashing at our figures each month is highly motivating." After having to remortgage from their previous 2.2 percent rate to 3.2 percent following the spate of interest increases, the couple said: “We're trying our hardest to overpay and bring down the debt.  READ MORE: 'Turned £10k into £52k' - Isa savers love this fund but it's risky  "We know when to cut back and how - when we need to. We shop around, do the research and listen to lots of money podcasts." The couple said that while they feel they feel largely in control of their finances, they “have to be careful” where they spend and on what. They added: “But we'd rather cut costs than not pay the overpayments each month." People overpay a mortgage when they voluntarily pay more than the minimum monthly repayment amount they’ve agreed with their mortgage lender. There is usually a limit to how much can be overpaid, and it’s typically around 10 percent of the outstanding mortgage balance per year. Jinesh Vohra, CEO of the mortgage assistant app Sprive told Express.co.uk: “It's a great way to help you become mortgage free, faster and ultimately pay your lender a lot less interest.”  DON'T MISS: Expert warns homeowners 'be wary' when fixing mortgage rates [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Pensioner 'grateful' to get extra £70 a week via DWP benefit [INSIGHT]    He added: “With rising interest rates, it's a great way to save money on your mortgage. Just the equivalent of a few pounds a day can make a huge difference. With apps like Sprive, you can even put extra money towards your mortgage just by doing your regular shopping.” Mr Vohra launched Sprive in 2021 off the back of his own personal struggles trying to pay off his mortgage. He said: “At the time of getting a mortgage, I was surprised to find out that I would be paying my lender 50p in interest for every £1 I borrowed, despite rates being so low at the time. “This, alongside liking the idea of having the freedom not having a mortgage, we started making overpayments. Through that journey, I found various pain points, which inspired me to build the app to help others.”  READ MORE: Mortgage overpayment benefits 'considerable' as couple save £15k  The pain points included factors such as a lack of visibility of how much overpayments would impact interest and savings, lenders reducing monthly payments when overpayments were made, not having an easy way to make overpayments, and so on. Now supporting over 20,000 people across the UK, Sprive calculates users' spend and enables homeowners to set money aside for mortgage overpayments, directly connecting to their individual bank accounts. Mr Vohra said: “The less money you spend, the more money is set aside within limits you can afford. With just one tap, the money can be paid towards the mortgage. If you need the money back from your Sprive account, just hit “withdraw” and in real-time, the money is paid back to your bank. Customers have a lot of control, and can easily cancel or pause auto-saves.” Users can track the savings they’re making, how much of the home they own, and their Loan-to-Value ratio (LTV), while also seeing their mortgage details in one place and tracking how much of their early repayment allowance they have utilised. Sprive users can also shop with over 30 brands using the app. Working with brands such as Morrisons, M&S, Waitrose, Deliveroo, Argos, and John Lewis, Mr Vhora said: “By doing your regular shopping, you can now get extra money towards your mortgage within hours of doing the shop.” Express.co.uk spoke to a number of experts to explore the benefits of overpaying a mortgage, and the general theme upheld by most was that a number of factors should be taken into consideration before making any decisions. Rajan Lakhani, resident money expert at smart money app Plum said that while mortgage overpayments are a “particularly fruitful strategy” for homeowners who still owe more than 60 percent of their home’s value - as they are most vulnerable to heavy interest increases and therefore have the most to gain by reducing it - it’s may “not always be the best option”.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mr Lakhani said: “It’s important to take a holistic look at your finances before committing extra to your mortgage, as there may be other areas which need attention first. For example, interest rates on unsecured debt are also increasing. It may be better to pay off debt first and avoid steep increases in interest on that front.” He said that overpaying also “ties up” savings in property, which may be an astute investment but also makes it very inaccessible. In this instance, Mr Lakhani said: “It is very important that you also have separate savings in an easy access account in case you need your money in a hurry.” He added: “It is also worth considering that some banks and fintechs are offering great interest rates right now, so you may even be able to find a rate on your savings that is preferable to the benefits of overpaying. And there is always the option of paying more into your pension too if you haven't used up your allowance, which comes with great tax benefits. “Definitely make sure you've explored all these options before making a decision about overpaying your mortgage.” 