Chelsea will not demand instant results from Graham Potter despite their January expenditure of over £290m taking their season spent to near the £600m mark. The Englishman has been under pressure at Stamford Bridge with the Blues enduring a poor Premier League campaign however he will be given time to put things right even if he fails to secure a top-four finish at the end of the campaign. Chelsea have put in a string of subpar performances this season and currently sit a lowly 10th in the Premier League, ten points off Manchester United in fourth. Recent form has not been positive either with the Blues registering just two wins in their last 11 games in all competitions. With the club significant outlay in the transfer market this month some have suggested that Potter is under even more pressure than he was before. However, The Guardian suggests that the club are prepared to stick with Potter long-term even if he does not oversee a significant improvement between now and the end of the season. The Guardian reports that Todd Boehly will stick by Potter even if he fails to qualify for the Champions League such is his faith in the current project at Stamford Bridge. The American has been keen to build something in west London following the lead set by Liverpool and Arsenal who have reaped the rewards of keeping faith with their managers. JUST IN: Enzo Fernandez 'threatened Benfica' despite gentleman's agreement Chelsea’s summer spending raised eyebrows across the world but the incoming signings will undoubtedly improve the team. Joao Felix, Benoit Badiashile and Mykhailo Mudryk come with significant pedigree and potential while in Enzo Fernandez they have managed to bring in one of the World Cup’s star performers for a British record fee. The deal for the 22-year-old was complex following month-long negotiations, Potter confirmed he had little involvement in the transfer talks suggesting he found out about the deal when it was completed like everyone else "I'm the head coach, so I don't get too involved in the nitty-gritty of deadline day. I am focused on the next day's training and preparing the team for Fulham," he explained. "I've been involved too long to know that there are some things you can't control, and I couldn't do anything at that point to change things. DON'T MISS...Chelsea may have their own Pogba with Fernandez amid 'scapegoat' fearChelsea's mad transfer turnaround from no money for team bus petrolLiverpool shown what their missing in damaging transfer blunder "I found out [about Fernandez] when it was done, and I'm very pleased because he is a fantastic player." While Potter’s job appears to be secure in the long-term he will hope to turn the situation around quickly starting with the encounter with Fulham at Stamford Bridge on Friday night.