ITV soap Emmerdale is heating up with a tense storyline involving the Dingles. At the heart of the story is Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) locked in a battle of wills with Caleb Milligan (William Ash). Here’s a look at these three Dingles are related and what connects them. Cain and Caleb Cain and Caleb are half-brothers with the newcomer arriving in the village at the end of last year. He was introduced to the soap as Faith Dingle’s (Sally Dexter) long-lost son and so a half-sibling to some of the other Dingles in the village. Caleb was said to have been born while Faith was in prison but it’s not clear who his father was - something which may be explored at a later date. He previously met with his half-brother Cain back in the 1990s when he was up for adoption but it didn’t work out with Caleb later departing the village. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody However, Emmerdale fans have been suspicious of Caleb and are not convinced about his claims of being Faith’s long-lost son. Caleb helped to secure an early prison release for his brother Cain and has been assisting him with other things but people think it’s too good to be true. Just why Caleb is really helping Cain and firmly placing himself back in the lives of the Dingles remains to be seen. The soap’s boss Jane Hudson has already previously confirmed Caleb is holding something back which will be coming out at some point. She said on Loose Women: “Well, I can tell you he’s not an undercover cop, Coronation Street recently did that story brilliantly with Spider (Martin Hancock). “We’re not going to copy it, so he’s not an undercover cop, there is a secret about Caleb and the viewers have not yet guessed it. “I’ve been reading all the theories about who he is and I’m like, ‘It's not that one, it’s not that one’.” As the soap goes on, the writers will be throwing more hints about what’s going on with Caleb and his true motives. Cain and Chas Chas (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain are half-siblings through their mother Faith but have different fathers. She is also the daughter of Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine), while Cain’s father is Zak Dingle (Steve Halliwell). Cain was the illegitimate child of Zak and his sister-in-law Faith but he had thought his father was Shadrach before the truth came out 26 years later. Cain has three children including Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb), Kyle (Huey Quinn), Isaac (Elias Walker) and Nate (Jurell Carter). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale to air all-male episode in wake of Paddy’s suicide storyline [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [VIEWER REACTION]BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' [UPDATE] Chas and Caleb Chas and Caleb share a mother through Faith and so are half-siblings with different fathers. Caleb has been getting involved in Chas’ marriage which is in tatters after her infidelity became public knowledge to her husband Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). Chas hit back at Caleb for “throwing his weight around” after being back in the Dingle fold for all of five minutes and meddling with Paddy when he was at an all-time low. She also said she didn’t know Caleb after only getting acquainted with him after several weeks. In a heated scene, she said: “Yes, you may be my brother but you are not my keeper. You never ever have the right to hurt anyone I love.” Emmerdale airs on ITV tonight at 7.30pm