The King would "love" to heal the rift with Prince Harry ahead of his Coronation in May, a royal author has claimed. It's a "dark cloud" hanging over his head that has the potential to "mar" the official proceedings, Valentine Low told Express.co.uk. It remains to be seen whether Prince William is ready to forgive his brother, he added. While discussing the prospect of Harry's attendance at the Coronation, Low said: "The king would love to see this rift healed. It's a dark cloud hanging over his brain. It has the potential to overshadow the Coronation and mar the proceedings." In his autobiography Spare, released on January 10, Harry makes a number of cutting remarks about his brother and father. The Duke claims his brother physically attacked him in a tense exchange over Meghan Markle. Harry says William called Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, which Harry calls a “parrot[ing of] the press narrative” about his American wife. The confrontation, which allegedly took place in his London home in 2019, then turned physical, Harry writes, when William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'cruelty' to King Charles 'knows no bounds' as royals await Coronation RSVP The Duke also makes a number of controversial claims about his stepmother and father's wife, Queen Consort Camilla. Harry claimed his stepmother posed a danger because of the need to "rehabilitate her image" after being referred to as "the third person" in Princess Diana's marriage to King Charles. Despite the royal rift, the Sussexes will be invited to the King's Coronation this spring. A detailed plan is underway to ensure the couple do not overshadow the proceedings in any way, a Whitehall source told Express.co.uk. DON'T MISSTwo dead after military helicopter explodes on highway [LATEST]Donald Trump says 'good riddance' to Sturgeon [INSIGHT]US fighter jets divert four Russian warplanes [REPORT] “They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama”, they said. Plans are almost certainly underway to reduce the chance of Harry and William being seen in public together, and officials are organising seating arrangements in Westminster Abbey to avoid the brothers being pictured together. Recent polling suggests the British public will not welcome this decision. Around 2,000 people polled by Express.co.uk revealed a whopping 95 percent of readers do not want the Duke of Sussex to attend. However, one royal commentator reckons the King's hands were tied. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield said in an interview with GB News: “Reality is this had to be done. This was going to be a PR nightmare if King Charles did not invite Harry and Meghan to the Coronation.” In a poll that ran from 9.30am on Wednesday, January 11, to 1pm on Wednesday, February 15, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Harry attend King Charles’s Coronation?” Overall, a whopping 33,124 votes were cast, with a staggering 95 percent (31,306 people), answering “no” Harry should not attend the Coronation. Just five percent (1,624 people) said “yes” he should attend, and 194 people said they did not know either way. Royal author Angela Levin fears that Harry's attendance runs the risk of overshadowing Camilla, Queen Consort too. "This is King Charles and Camilla's day. They deserve to be respected. To say what they want to say and be the King and Queen of the country. We don't want somebody who really hates the monarchy there," she told GB News.