Manchester City striker Erling Haaland has travelled with the rest of the squad for tonight’s crunch Premier League clash with Arsenal, it has been claimed. The Norway international was recently forced out of his side’s 3-1 victory over Aston Villa. However, news of him journeying to the capital has given Pep Guardiola a timely boost. Manchester City know victory against Arsenal tonight will improve their chances of winning the Premier League title for the third year on the spin. And they’ll certainly want Haaland to start, with the Norway international sparkling ever since his move from Borussia Dortmund back in the summer. City were left sweating on Haaland’s fitness prior to the clash after he was forced out of their straightforward win over Villa on Sunday. But the reliable @TeamnewsandTix has claimed the forward has travelled with the rest of the squad as the defending champions look to leave the capital with all three points. That gives City a timely boost, with Arsenal losing just two league games all season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here One was against Manchester United back in September, with Erik ten Hag’s team winning 3-1 courtesy of a brace from Marcus Rashford and goal from Antony. And the other was against Everton at the start of the month, with defender James Tarkowski bagging the only goal of the game. Guardiola had previously been coy on the prospect of starting Haaland, who also took part in a training session on Tuesday prior to the contest. “Erling has a kick and we will see,” he said. “We will assess him in the next few days to see how severe it is. “At half-time I spoke with the doctors to see and they said maybe at 3-0 we don’t need to take a risk and I agreed with the doctors. “If the score was more tight maybe I wouldn’t do it. I think he’s not injured but we will see. “Hopefully he can play there. If he’s not ready or it’s a risk, he’s not going to play.” City have won their five last meetings with Arsenal, in a run that dates back to October 2020. The Gunners did, however, beat Guardiola’s side that year on their way to lifting the FA Cup trophy - an achievement they accomplished against all odds. And Mikel Arteta is wary of the threat City pose as Arsenal look to put further space between them and the chasing pack. “Them as a team,” he said when asked about the biggest threat City pose. “What they have done in the last six years they absolutely merit it. The way they play, the way they have competed. “For us the challenge is to get to that level. We need to use that challenge and that energy. “This is where we want to be. That is the level and we’re getting closer to it.” On beating Guardiola, he added: “For me it’s the team. The team, the club and where we are. “For me beating one manager or another it’s not about that. It’s about beating the next opponent and in this case it’s Man City.” And Arteta also admitted he was surprised at the way his Arsenal side have performed so far this season as they gear up for their toughest test yet. “If you asked me at the start of the season I probably would have doubted you,” said the Spaniard. “I would have hoped, but doubtful. But this is where we are and we have to go every single day to try and get there.”