Prince Harry has been slammed for wanting to use footage from his father's coronation for a brand-new Netflix show, according to reports. Royal author, Allison Pearson, claimed he planned on exploiting the "religious ceremony" for the sake of new content. Writing for the New Zealand Herald, Mr Pearson wrote: "We are told Justin Welby may be authorised to offer sweeteners – a prominent position in the Abbey (at the Queen’s funeral, Meghan and Harry were relegated to the cheap seats in the second row; some of us wouldn’t have let them in at all), an informal assurance that Harry can keep his titles as an inducement to attend." He continued: "And what then? What if the petulant pair from Montecito are persuaded by the Archbishop to park their commercialised contempt for the Royal family for a day? What if they do deign to turn up to witness that most solemn religious ceremony whereby our sovereign is publicly anointed under a transparent canopy? Or ‘new Netflix content’ as it will shortly be known, once Meghan has called her agent." Speculation has been rife over whether Prince Harry and Meghan would make an appearance at the historic occasion at Westminster Abbey on May 6. But just last week Express.co.uk was able to confirm that their names are on the King's guestlist. It follows their string of attacks on the royals, with the Duke’s tell-all memoir the latest salvo. But a friend said: “Members of the royal family have told me both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. They fully expect that." “And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the Royal Family will be willing to discuss and that’s the weather.” If the Sussexes, who quit royal duties in 2020, do attend it is understood they will not have an official role at the ceremony, or appear on Buckingham Palace’s balcony.  The disgraced Duke of York is another who is not expected to have a ceremonial role at the King’s Coronation as he is not a working member of the monarchy. However, Prince Andrew is still a Knight of the Garter, who traditionally have performed significant roles at coronations.  READ MORE: William 'adamant' he will never speak to Harry again, says expert Four stood at the corners of the Coronation Chair during the anointing when the late Queen was crowned. There have been suggestions that the Prince of Wales and King Charles’s three siblings could perform the role at his Coronation. But sources close to the Palace have dismissed the suggestion that Andrew could be involved. 