Former Wigan star Amr Zaki reportedly went missing four times in a single season whilst at the then-JJB Stadium, and it may have played a role in the forward not fulfilling his potential in the Premier League. Zaki arrived in the Premier League as a relatively unknown forward, joining the club on a one-year loan from Egyptian side Zamalek. However, he proved quickly that he was capable of competing at the very top level. He scored 10 in 29 appearances for the Latics, including a stunning brace against Liverpool at Anfield, and in doing so helped Wigan to safety after looking likely to be relegated to the Championship. However, his attitude prompted many questions to be raised about the Egypt international. According to reports, Zaki went missing on several occasions during his season-long stint at Wigan, with his fourth forbidden absence after a World Cup qualifier prompting Steve Bruce to publicly bare all about the striker and his unprofessionalism. He revealed that the forward had been fined for all of his disappearances but it has not changed the player’s mentality. Wigan were willing to take a chance on Zaki though and submitted an £8million bid for his services, though it was waved away by the higher powers at Zamalek. According to These Football Times, they valued him at £250m due to his success in England and felt he was ‘better than Messi’. The Latics turned their attention elsewhere – spending their funds on Victor Moses, Gary Caldwell and Mohamed Diame instead. Zaki has since shed a light on his fourth absence since retiring in 2015, stating that he was injured during the international break. Speaking to Mehwar TV, Zaki explained: “I was injured during the match between Egypt and Zambia in the World Cup qualifiers and the doctor prevented me from travelling out of fear of worsening the injury. Wigan then decided to deduct two weeks of my salary and I returned immediately to undergo a medical examination. “Wigan confirmed my injury after the x-rays and I missed three weeks. The board even decided to cancel the penalty imposed on me. All of this was done in coordination with the Egypt national team, the Football Association, and the English club, so I don’t understand what prompted Steve Bruce to attack me.” Zaki then went on to state that he felt he could have enjoyed even more success in England if he was signed permanently rather than on loan, despite spending the following season with Hull City and failing to open his account in six appearances at the club.