Kate Middleton surprised a mother who was told eight times her premature baby would die at Evelina London hospital. The couple from West Sussex had lost all their hopes after the newborn was classed as a late miscarriage.  Ms Mischa thought that she would never be able to take their girl back to home from the hospital. During the treatment, her daughter was transferred to the Evelina London Children's Hospital to provide her the specialist care she needed. Her daughter had spent 166 days before finally being allowed home. The family met the Princess of Wales at the hospital on the weekend of the Queen's Platinum jubilee.   Kate is a patron of the hospital. Ms Mischa told MailOnline: “I was with Amaya and her nurse came in and said we had someone who would like to visit us. “I was stunned when I realised who it was. I kept saying it couldn't be her because it was the Jubilee weekend. “But the nurse explained that Catherine had come to make a quick visit to the hospital to see families who weren't able to be out celebrating, and they had told her about Amaya and she had asked to meet her. READ MORE: King to postpone Harry and Meghan peace attempts after coronation  “There were no Press there, we didn't see any bodyguards - she just popped in to meet the children. She was so lovely.” Amaya-Rae surprised her parents as well as the medical team after she defied all expectations repeatedly. Her family was told she was going to die on eight separate occasions during her 360-day hospital stay. However, every time she responded back to the treatment stronger. She is healthy and will just need to have oxygen for a few months yet. DON'T MISS:Florida teen Aiden Fucci pleads guilty for stabbing of cheerleader [REVEAL]Family of teenager demand answers after her sudden death  [SPOTLIGHT]Charles and Camilla will get new thrones for Coronation - new details [INSIGHT] Revisiting the day when the Princess of Wales made a surprise visit to the hospital, the mother told MailOnline: “When we were in the Evelina Children's Hospital, we were totally stunned when Catherine, Princess of Wales made an unexpected visit. “Catherine was so lovely, she listened intently to Amaya's story and genuinely seemed so taken with her and asked such a lot of questions. “She seemed totally besotted, complimenting her smiles and her outfit. “Amaya couldn't take her eyes off her, she was transfixed. “Someone suggested we take her to see a Disney Princess show at Christmas, but we joked she only deals with actual royalty now.” 