Everton have been offered former Real Madrid playmaker Isco on a free transfer, according to reports. The Spaniard is looking for a club after a tumultuous January in which he failed to agree terms with Bundesliga outfit Union Berlin. Isco was released by Sevilla in December, just four months after joining from La Liga rivals Madrid. The 30-year-old then appeared to agree a deal with Union Berlin, only for the German side to release a statement on deadline day accusing the Spaniard of changing his demands. Everton endured a tough transfer window, with the relegation-threatened side failing to sign anyone for new manager Sean Dyche. They can now turn to free agents for the next few weeks in a last-ditch attempt to improve Dyche’s ranks. The Toffees are now apparently considering signing Isco after being ‘offered’ the former Malaga prodigy. Isco wants to sign a deal until the end of the season rather than wait until the summer to find a new club. READ MORE: Everton boss Sean Dyche sets record straight on Isco transfer interest That is according 90min, who report that Everton are one of a number of Premier League clubs who have been offered Isco. The ex-Spain international has received further offers from Turkey, Japan and the UAE. Dyche was asked about the possibility of signing Isco in his first press conference as Everton boss. But the former Burnley tactician remained coy on the subject, saying: “There’s a list of players we’re looking through, do they fit what we need, do they fit what we can do, do they fit what we need to achieve going forward and can they do it pretty quickly. “You sign players for the future, that’s different, but let’s face it, we need things that are going to activate now.” DON'T MISS...Zaniolo 'no longer welcome' at Roma as Mourinho takes brutal stanceEverton rejected last-minute Chelsea signing for Sean DycheAll 14 players Everton failed to sign on transfer deadline day Everton had a tough window, failing to sign any first-team players despite a late hunt for a striker. Fans were critical of the club’s board but Dyche has insisted they worked hard to secure new players. He added: “Firstly, one thing I can assure you, I managed to get in here Saturday so I can only tell you what I know from being here, all I’ve seen is hard work. That’s all I’ve seen so far. Particularly in the recruitment area because we know the window was what it was. “The owner, the chairman, Kev (Kevin Thelwell, director of football), myself. I’ve been leaving here late at night, Kev on the phone constantly, the owner, the chairman on the phone constantly. I can assure you, I was there, I physically saw it all, so there’s absolutely been hard work. A couple of things about the playing options is first of all you’ve got to align them.