A woke Muslim inclusion activist has been accused of lying about her race and heritage for almost 20 years. Raquel Saraswati, 39, was called out by the American Friends Service Committee for allegedly pretending to be of Latin, South Asian and Arab descent. Her biological mother, Carole Perone, has since revealed Saraswati is "British, German and Italian." Perone told The Intercept that Saraswati was born Rachel Elizabeth Seidel. She said: "I call her Rachel. I don't know why she's doing what she’s doing. "I'm as white as the driven snow and so is she." "I'm German and British, and her father was Calabrese Italian. She’s chosen to live a lie, and I find that very, very sad." READ MORE: Putin 'very desperate' in crazed speech after 'failed' nuke launch  Another family member revealed Saraswati began to question her heritage while attending the Emma Willard school in Troy, New York. It was here when Saraswati met her roommate, a friend from Turkey, named Fatima who followed the Muslim faith. The relative told the DailyMail.com: "Rachel converted to the Muslim religion while at school and we never found out because she was boarding there... we found out much later that this was her new persona." Oskar Pierre Castro, a human resources professional who participated in the search committee to fill Sarawati’s position told The Intercept he feels "deceived". When filling her job roles, Castro noted: "In my mind, it was, ‘Great, a person of color, a queer person of color, who happens to be a Muslim, it’s a woman, all these things, and someone who seemed to get it. I definitely feel conned." Layne Mullett, a spokesperson for the AFSC, said in a statement: "We are in receipt of the documentation alleging that our Chief Equity, Inclusion, and Culture Officer, Raquel Saraswati, has been misrepresenting her identity. DON'T MISSWoman is kicked in head by moose [VIDEO]Biden informed Putin of his visit to Ukraine ahead of time [ANALYSIS]Skeletal remains of student missing for 47 years found in car [INSIGHT]  "AFSC has given Raquel the opportunity to address the allegations against her, and Raquel stands by her identity. Raquel also assures us that she remains loyal to AFSC’s mission, which we firmly believe. "AFSC does not require any employee to ‘prove’ their heritage as a condition of their employment, or in order to be valued as a member of our team." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews