Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson are reportedly "distraught" over possibly being "evicted" from Royal Lodge as the Duke's £249,000 grant is set to be cut. This comes as King Charles has warned the Royal Family to tighten their belts as he reviews the spending from the Duchy of Lancaster funds, also known as the Privy Purse. The Duke is said to be concerned he will no longer be able to afford the upkeep on the £30million property, which is already in need of renovations. The grant will be cut from April, with Andrew and Sarah worried they may be forced to leave their home as soon as this summer. A source told The Sun: "Andrew and Sarah are distraught they have been given such short notice. The Queen died only a few months ago. "He’s not being explicitly kicked out but it’s expected that he won’t be able to afford the maintenance." The Grade ii-listed building, located in Windsor Great Park three miles from the late Queen's main residence at Windsor Castle, has 98 acres of land as well as a swimming pool and private chapel. Before the Queen's death Andrew was supported by funds from the Privy Purse, however the King is now looking to implement a more slimmed-down monarchy with a tighter budget moving forward. The insider added: "He's not being explicitly kicked out but it's expected that he won't be able to afford the maintenance." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'like woke dictators' after new report on legal move Andrew will still receive his pension from the Navy, with Charles expecting his brother to "use his own money to pay for things". However one insider told the Daily Telegraph: "The King is not going to leave his brother homeless or penniless." Since Andrew signed the lease for Royal Lodge back in 2003 he has had to pay for all refurbishments himself, with £7.5 million already having been spent so far. DON'T MISS:Prince Louis is yet to undertake one royal milestone [LATEST]King Charles tipped for overhaul of royal properties [REPORT]King Charles suffers blow as Adele 'turns down' Coronation [SPOTLIGHT] His ex-wife Sarah moved into the Lodge with him a few years later, despite them having divorced in 1996. She told the Sunday Times in 2021: "When I’m in the UK I’m lucky enough to stay at Royal Lodge. I wouldn’t call it my home as that would be presumptuous." Their unusually friendly relationship has led many to speculate they may have gotten back together. Sarah once told the Daily Mail: "We're the happiest divorced couple in the world. We're divorced to each other, not from each other."