The main purpose of the job will be to spend the next two years going through all of the late Queen’s papers, many of which have not been seen by anyone other than the Queen, and will not be seen again for decades. The Royal Collection Trust is looking to pay the archivist £34,000 for the role which will be based at Windsor Castle where the Queen spent most of her final years. As well as archiving the secrets of the Queen, they will also be responsible for archiving the secrets and papers of the Duke of Edinburgh too. The project is due to begin in May 2023 and conclude in May 2025. READ MORE: Harry’s first romp urges prince to make up with William  The job description says: “Joining the team in Windsor, you'll lead on the large and important project of archiving the official and personal papers of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh. “You'll create a clear and accurate record of the material, ensuring others can navigate and access it in the future. You'll also curate exhibitions, displays and online resources, as well as answer enquiries from colleagues and researchers. “The breadth of the project will provide opportunities for you to develop your knowledge, taking your career to the next level.” The applicant, says the advert, should have “significant experience of managing and cataloguing archives” alongside a “strong understanding of international cataloguing standards”. Alongside the main curator of the archives, the Palace is also looking for a library cataloguer and archives cataloguer. Both roles are being advertised with a salary of £26,000 plus benefits. The library cataloguer will be at Windsor for two years, but the archives cataloguer role is permanent. The job of the library cataloguer, says the Palace, is to “support the significant and wide-ranging project of cataloguing library material relating to Queen Elizabeth II and The Duke of Edinburgh” by cataloguing the library’s 220,000 works. A professional library qualification or experience in cataloguing material in historic libraries is required while the archives cataloguer will report directly to the archives curator. As the impact of Queen Elizabeth II’s reign continues to be assessed, these new archives and libraries could play a role in refining the late Queen’s legacy.