Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is facing increasing pressure to postpone changes to the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) which limits the amount of money domestic customers pay. The EPG is set to increase by £500 to £3,000 from April 1, but do you think the Treasury should cancel the hike? Vote in our poll. Energy regulator Ofgem announced that the energy price cap would be reduced by 23 percent for the three months from 1 April to £3,280, due to a fall in wholesale prices. But households can still expect bills to rise by an estimated 20 percent. Ofgem’s chief executive, Jonathan Brearley, said: “Although wholesale prices have fallen, the price cap has not yet fallen below the planned level of the energy price guarantee. This means that on current policy, bills will rise again in April. I know that for many households this news will be deeply concerning.” READ MORE: Ofgem price cap drop good news for Government but not for Britons National Energy Action estimates that 1.5 million households could fall into fuel poverty as a result of increases in April. Many experts, including consumer finance advisor Martin Lewis, believe that Mr Hunt should scrap the increase to the EPG as part of his Spring Budget on March 15. General Secretary of the Trades Union Congress, Paul Nowak, said: “Energy bills are out of control. The government must cancel April's hike. With the cost of wholesale gas plummeting ministers have no excuse for not stepping in.” Liberal Democrats Leader Sir Ed Davey urged ministers to scrap April’s planned rise describing the price hikes as a “hammer blow” to families and businesses. He said his party would reduce the average energy bill to £1,971 – the level it was last April. He added that Prime Minister Rishi Sunak “must act now to save families from a cost-of-living cliff edge, by cutting energy bills instead of increasing them”. And Energy Secretary Grant Shapps told The Times that he is “sympathetic” to suggestions that the Government should cancel the planned hike. He said: “I completely recognise the argument over keeping that price guarantee in place, and the Chancellor and I are working very hard on it. I'm very sympathetic to making sure that we protect [people]. We're looking at this very, very carefully.” So what do YOU think? Should the Government cancel April's EPG hike? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.