After shedding a whooping 200lbs, reality star Tammy Slaton was finally approved for gastric bypass surgery. As she prepared for the intense operation, the recent episode of TLC’s 1000lb Sisters showed Tammy become emotional when reunited with her family.  1000lb Sisters follows the lives of Tammy Slaton and Amy Slaton as they embark on a major health journey. As Amy already went under the knife in 2022 and has since lost over 200lbs, the show focused on Tammy who had entered rehab after a close brush with death. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation As she prepared for the journey to the hospital, Tammy was reduced to tears after her family surprised her with a banner and party poppers. After she was wheeled out by her brother Chris Combs, Tammy was taken aback to see her family waiting outside and asked: “Why ya’ll trying to make me cry?” Tammy wiped away tears as she made her way to her loved ones under the pouring of confetti, silly string and party poppers. Speaking to cameras, she shared: “All my family were trying to make me cry d*** it, I was scared enough. “They had a poster for me to read that everybody wrote a little something on there to celebrate me. “I mean, b*****s this is about me at the end of the day because I’m queen.” Tammy was also thrilled to hold Amy’s newborn son Glenn for the first time. “Finally get to hold the little bear, that’s what keeps me going. “When I get home, I’m babysitting both Gage and Glenn, they’re going to be aunt TT’s boys.” DON'T MISS...Outlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storyline [REACTION] 1000lb Best Friends’ Vanessa heartbroken as she's denied surgery [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton receives major weight loss news [INSIGHT] “I really do appreciate everybody coming, I needed them. She added: “I needed to know,” before pausing and warning: “I’m about to cry.” Tammy forced back tears as she continued: “I needed to know that they love me no matter what.” As she laughed and wiped her tears, she added: “I needed to know that they’re here for me, they love me.  “That’s one of my biggest drives, the biggest thing to help push me through to get to where I am now.” Tammy’s hard work has clearly paid off, as she stunned fans with new photos and looked completely unrecognisable. Although the details of her weight loss have yet to appear on screens, it's clear her efforts have proved successful as she showed off her dramatic results. As she posed for the snaps, Tammy flaunted her noticeably smaller frame in the images which were posted on friend Joshua Douglas’ Instagram stories.  1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. 