With the cost of living crisis not showing any signs of slowing down, motorists across the UK will do anything in their power to save money wherever they can. While there are several fuel-saving tips that drivers can follow, smooth driving and slow acceleration seem to be the ones that could make the biggest difference. As of now, motorists can expect to pay 148.40p per litre of unleaded and 168.85p per litre of diesel on average. With that in mind, experts at CarFinance247 provided some top tips that motorists should follow in the next few months. One of those tips includes imagining that there is an egg between the floor and the acceleration pedal. The experts said: "If you didn’t know that hard acceleration or jerky driving meant an engine would use more fuel, you do now. "Which means there’s no excuse not to drive like a saint. And to do that, it helps to imagine that there’s an egg between your foot and the accelerator; pushing too firmly on the throttle pedal will shatter the egg. READ MORE: Major hit and run driving law change regarding cats may be introduced "Tread gently, keep an eye on the car’s trip computer, and watch the fuel economy rise." A car’s tyres are a key component when it comes to saving fuel. Flat tyres create a drag on the road like a ship trying to sail with its anchor lowered. Drivers should check the air pressure of the tyres each time they fill the car with fuel. DON'T MISS Drivers should service cars themselves following new proposals [INSIGHT] Urgent warning issued to drivers over car leasing social media scams [WARNING] EV owners could save £1,000 a year under new Government plans [REVEAL]  The vehicle handbook will explain how to do this, and give the recommended air pressure. Motorists need to remember that a car full of people and luggage will need its tyres to be inflated to a higher pressure than a car with just one or two people aboard. And some modern cars now give a recommended ‘eco’ setting for tyres. When the time comes to replace tyres, ask the tyre fitter for a brand that achieves a maximum rating for fuel economy. All tyres are now ranked from A to G with A giving the greatest rolling efficiency. READ MORE: Clever parking method can help commuters save £1,200 a year Anyone who wants to cut their fuel bills should de-clutter their car. Roof racks, luggage boxes and bike racks can increase fuel consumption by as much as 25 percent, studies have shown. The experts said: "The average distance travelled by UK drivers is 7900 miles a year. That means a popular family hatchback like the Volkswagen Golf 1.6 TDI SE should have an annual diesel bill of £604. However, that could increase to £755 ‑ just because its driver couldn’t be bothered to unfasten the roof rack."  By reading the road and looking further ahead, drivers can anticipate the ebb and flow of traffic. This should enable them to maintain momentum which is far more fuel efficient than constantly stopping and starting. And finally, drivers should stick to the speed limit: these are in place for the safety of all road users. The experts added: "Tackle the M25 at 80mph and you may arrive a handful of minutes earlier. The downside is you’ll feel stressed, will have used more fuel, and could have been caught on a speed camera." 