From 1613 until the Russian Revolution in 1917, Russia was ruled by tsars and tsarinas of the Romanov Dynasty. In total, there were 18 Romanov rulers, starting with Michael Romanov. Tsar Michael I, who came to the throne on February 21, 1613, was just 16 years old when he became Russia’s new ruler and went from living in exile to ruling an entire nation. Michael’s rule came after 15 years of political chaos in Russia: the last ruler of the Rurik Dynasty, Fyodor I, had died in 1598 and so ensued the Time of Troubles, one of the most turbulent and violent periods in Russian history during which the crown changed six times. Eventually, an assembly elected Michael as the new tsar, marking the beginning of the Romanov Dynasty. The Romanovs were descendants of Moscow nobleman Andrey Ivanovich Kobyla, who lived in the 14th century. Michael, the last connection to the Rurik Dynasty, was the grandson of Nikita, the brother of the first Russian Tsaritsa Anastasia and a central advisor to Ivan the Terrible (Ivan IV), whose children took the last name Romanov in honour of their grandfather, Roman Yurev. READ MORE: Royal family facts: How did the Royal Family start? The TWO origins As a child, Michael was forced into exile in Beloozero alongside his mother after his father was falsely accused of treason. According to some, the recently elected Tsar Boris Godunov falsely accused Feodor because he had married Xenia Shestova, later known as ‘the great nun’ Martha, against his wishes. Boris was the brother-in-law of Feodor I, the son of Ivan the Terrible, who left no male heirs. He ruled for seven years until his death in 1605. Throughout the following eight-year span, four more tsars sat on the throne — albeit briefly. They included Feodor II, the son of Boris, who ruled for just two months until he was murdered; False Dmitry I, who falsely claimed he was the son of Ivan IV and reigned as an imposter for 11 months; Vasily IV ruled for four years until he was deposed in 1610 and Vladislav, who never actually assumed the throne as his election was ruined by his father. Michael was eventually chosen to take the throne of Muscovy, fuelled by his father’s martyr-like imprisonment in Polish detention. Patriotic sentiment had swept across the Russian elite ever since the expulsion of the Poles during the Time of Troubles. Seven-hundred delegates agreed for Michael to be chosen as a compromise candidate as Tsar of Russia by the Zemsky Sobor of 1613. It is thought that Michael’s youth contributed to his election as officials saw him as being easy to manipulate. At the time, Michael, his mother and a small entourage were hiding in isolation in the Ipatiev Monastery on the bank of the Kostroma River. They were not discovered until March 24 of that year. When a delegation finally reached the monastery they woke a sleeping Michael and offered him the throne. Initially, his mother protested, arguing her son was too young to accept the throne at such a politically turbulent time. According to Chester S L Dunning, an expert in Russian history and early modern European history, Michael “did not impress the boyars at all; he was poorly educated and not particularly intelligent”. DON'T MISSCamilla and King Charles victims of same ‘abuse’ as Harry and Meghan [NEWS]King Charles writes Ladybird book on climate change [REVEAL]King Charles honoured with a gift as he hosts indigenous Amazon leader [SPOTLIGHT] In his 2001 book, Russia's First Civil War: The Time of Troubles and the Founding of the Romanov Dynasty, he wrote: “Nonetheless, those great lords consoled themselves with the knowledge that Trubetskoi [ruler of the Russian state] would not become tsar and that Mikhail's ambitious and highly intelligent father, Filaret, was still in Polish captivity. One of the boyars allegedly said at the time, ‘Let us have Misha Romanov for he is young and not yet wise; he will suit our purposes.’” At the time, Moscow was in such a dilapidated state that Michael had to wait several weeks before he could be accommodated in the capital. When young he arrived at the Kremlin, which was founded by the Rurik dynasty, he moved into the half-ruined Terem Palace, which became the main residence of the Russian tsars during the 17th century. Now, it is part of the Kremlin itself, forming President Vladimir Putin’s official residence. Although Putin does not live in the Kremlin, it is listed as the official residence of the Russian president and has been described as the heart of Moscow. Michael was crowned in the Dormition Cathedral, then paid homage at the Rurikid tsars’ tombs in the neighbouring Archangel Michael cathedral, where the tomb of Ivan the Terrible can still be seen. He was crowned on July 21, 1613, on what was his 17th birthday. Michael's 32-year reign saw the greatest territorial expansion in Russian history. He died on July 23, 1645, aged 49 and his son, Alexis, succeeded him. The Romanov Dynasty ended with the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II in 1917 during the Russian Revolution and the execution of his family.