Nick Knowles, 60, has kept his private life under wraps and away from the spotlight despite being one of the BBC’s most recognisable faces. The presenter gave fans a new glimpse into his relationship with business owner Katie Dadzie, 32, in a social media post. He took to Instagram to congratulate his stunning partner after she won an inspirational women award for her breastfeeding cookie company. The TV star shared a picture of the pair dressed to the nines and smiling from ear to ear at the awards ceremony. Katie stunned in a one-shoulder black jumpsuit and oversized earrings, while her beau sported a plaid suit and black tie. Along with the snap, Nick wrote: “Congratulations to my lovely gf on her inspirational women award for her breastfeeding supporting cookie business @boobix.” Boobix creates treats such as cookies, granola and drinks that are said to support breast milk supply. Nick has previously spoken out on his relationship as he addressed the criticism surrounding his age gap with his younger girlfriend. The couple first appeared together in public in September 2021 after Nick’s split with PR director Emily Hallinan, 30. They had been targeted by trolls who suggested the businesswoman was with Nick for money. Nick defended his partner as he admitted he found the criticism towards her “upsetting”. He said: “I choose to be on TV. As a result, I expect the whole nine yards. I am up there as an object. “I’ve chosen to be on TV but my children, or my family, or people I date, for them I feel it’s unfair to have a go at them. “What upset was the judgment of her without knowing anything about her. Or what her motivations might be. DON'T MISS...Madonna worries fans with unrecognisable appearance at Grammys 2023 [PICTURES]Prince Harry needs to 'shut up and enjoy his money', says Dom Joly [EXCLUISIVE]Ralf Little opens up on how his sister's death turned him 'psychotic' [INTERVIEW] “I found that upsetting and unfair and felt I needed to say something about it,” Nick added to The Sun. Nick also hit back at critics as he took to his Twitter account to address the hate Katie had been receiving after the pair were spotted outside Hakkasan restaurant in Mayfair last year. Nick asked the online community: “What happened to 'be kind'?" He said he was "raging" about the comments made about his partner.  Some Twitter users threw their support behind the presenter, as they defended him against the negativity. @paulwilkins691 wrote: “Jealous Nick fair play to you.” @Patrick69868698 added: “Sorry this happened, don’t lower to their level… you are the better person!!” @whiskeyfan001 said: “Behind you Nick. You’re a good bloke.”