On the first anniversary of the invasion of Ukraine, I've been thinking back on some of the most terrifying incidents I saw while reporting on the bloody conflict. During my time as a journalist at the Kyiv Post, I covered the daily bombings, shootings, and mass carnages in the Russian-caused catastrophe, even witnessing my own co-workers being forced to flee to bomb shelters in the middle of work – as missiles struck all around the office in Kyiv. I was fortunate enough to be able to report from the comfort of my home on this horrific war that has destroyed and ravaged so many lives in Ukraine – and continues to do so today. I spent my time covering the conflict by reporting on seemingly never-ending tales of Russian aggression against defenceless Ukrainian civilians; there was not a day in the last 365 when Ukraine experienced peace. Millions of people had fled the country by the time I started working there, with no idea of their fate or what awaited them. Of course, many Ukrainians I spoke with said they couldn't leave the country because they were being deployed to fight the war. Others said they couldn't leave because they couldn't afford to. To add to the horror, Ukraine has also experienced a severe food crisis as a direct result of the war. I covered many stories about how the Russian navy cruelly blocked Ukraine's grain exports, barricading its Black Sea ports. This resulted in skyrocketing food prices and food shortages, putting innocent Ukrainians at the brink of famine. In contrast to the world most of us live in, where we can access anything on a whim by simply pressing a few buttons on the Deliveroo app, reporting on this war consisted of countless heartbreaking tales of Ukrainians who were not only incredibly frugal with their daily expenses but also many of whom were resorting to rationing their food. My co-workers on the ground were worn out from juggling work and family obligations, they had to spend their evening commutes home from the office in a Kyiv that was completely pitch black due to power outages. Some reporters were required to travel to areas of the country currently engaged in combat because the Russians had seized Ukrainian territory. They were, and are, immensely brave. One reporter spent last Christmas in Zaporizhzhia without heat or running water due to shelling that cut off the nuclear plant's supply of electricity. He described to me how terrified he and other Ukrainians were as they spent Christmas Eve in the midst of intense Russian shelling. Almost every single day he described incidents in which he was able to watch missiles fly past the balcony of his apartment. He was initially afraid, but he ultimately grew accustomed to it because there was nowhere else he could live. Another Ukrainian colleague even told me that the Russian missiles attacks near her became so common that she eventually stopped fleeing to bomb shelters and remained at her office or home. She said: “Many foreigners, such as Americans or British often immodestly go to bomb shelters when there is a threat. However, these days when it comes to many Ukrainians we got so used to it, we often just say 'God will save us'."Like many, one of my friends who relocated to Ukraine from Britain to cover the war had even prepared a letter for his family in case something terrible happened to him.Every day reporting this war brought deadlier, and bloodier tragedies for Ukraine and its people – and the conflict continues to amplify every single day. A solution is nowhere to be found; in fact, each day feels like we are edging to a bigger, more deadly, and perhaps even nuclear catastrophe.