The Always Sunny Podcast has become one of the most popular podcasts on the internet. A spin-off of the sit-com, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, the cast of the hysterical show regularly chat about the show while delving into what makes it so funny. Now, for the first time, Rob McElhenney, Glenn Howerton, Charlie Day and Megan Ganz are playing The Royal Albert Hall in London twice on April 16, 2023 (one matinee show, one evening) as well as Dublin, Ireland, on April 17. Presale tickets for The Always Sunny Podcast Live hit the internet tomorrow, Wednesday, February 15, 2023, at 10am. There are three separate presale events kicking off at the same time, so it is important to choose the right one for you. The first presale tickets come from O2 Priority. These will be available to subscribers of the O2 mobile phone network. Users will be able to grab a priority code from the official website, and can also grab tickets here once they go live. Live Nation is also doing a presale event at the same time. Fans who want to purchase presale tickets from Live Nation can register their interest on their My Live Nation account to grab tickets early. Once they've done that, podcast fans can grab tickets here. The third and final presale event is being held by the Always Sunny boys themselves. While announcing the three shows in the United Kingdom on their social media accounts, they revealed the presale code SUNNY would allow dedicated fans to get tickets earlier than anyone else. By using that code here, fans can grab presale tickets as soon as they go live at 10am tomorrow, Wednesday, February 15, 2023. After the presale events come to an end, general onsale tickets will be released. General onsale tickets for The Always Sunny Podcast Live will be released on Friday, February 17, 2023, at 10am. These tickets will be available from a variety of retailers and will no doubt sell out quickly - so fans ought to act fast if they want to get involved. Ticketmaster will be selling the tickets directly from 10am, and can be picked up here. And, after Live Nation's presale event comes to an end, general onsale tickets can be purchased from them here. The Always Sunny Podcast Live is taking place across two dates in April this year. First, Rob, Charlie, Glenn and Megan will be gracing the stage of the legendary Royal Albert Hall in London, England, on Sunday, April 16, 2023. This day will have two events across the day, one matinee, beginning at 2:30pm, and one evening show, commencing at 7:30pm. The following day, Monday, April 17, 2023, the same team will be hitting the stage of the 3Arena in Dublin, Ireland. This show will begin at 6:30pm. If you're already a fan of The Always Sunny Podcast, you'll be familiar with the live show's line-up. Three of the main stars from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia reprise their roles in the comedy chat show, Mac star Rob McElhenney, Dennis star Glenn Howerton and Charlie star Charlie Day. These three actors are joined by their producer Megan Ganz.