Chris Evans' CarFest donated as a prize for Red Nose Day a Jaguar sportscar previously owned and driven by Queen Elizabeth II. The 2009 Jaguar X-Type Estate features a Barley leather interior and was designed by car designer Ian Callum. The iconic sportscar boasts a sunroof, climate control and a Jaguar Heritage Trust Certificate. The stunning vehicle’s current owner, radio DJ and presenter Chris Evans, generously donated the vehicle as a competition prize for Comic Relief's Red Nose Day. Speaking about the event, which is set to take place on Friday 17 March, Chris said it supported an “important” cause. He said: "I'm so grateful CarFest is able to support Comic Relief and I'm thrilled that we are able to donate this very special historic car, and so pleased to be able to share it with another enthusiast, especially for such an important cause." READ MORE: Ricky Gervais tickles fans with 'outrageous' backstage demands Samir Patel, chief executive of Comic Relief, expressed the charity’s appreciation for Chris’ donation. He said: "We are enormously grateful to Chris Evans and CarFest for this generous donation for Red Nose Day - this truly is a prize like no other we have ever been able to offer our supporters. "This is an extraordinary opportunity to own a real piece of history and will be such a special prize for the lucky winner." The money raised will be used to help people facing issues including homelessness, mental health problems, and food poverty. Chris Evans is well-known for hosting the Big Breakfast and one series of Top Gear but recently said he's "limiting" his time on the small screen. The Virgin Radio presenter has opened up on why he’s been absent from TV in recent years. Chris is said to have ruled out returning to the small screen so he can spend more time with his family. The broadcaster was said to have been asked if he would be on TV in the future by a fan. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [LATEST]Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES]Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [UPDATE] According to The Mirror, Chris replied: “No can do. Family time is everything to me.” He added to the fan: “Radio in the AM is my limit.” Chris has had a long career on television starting with The Big Breakfast in 1992, which he co-hosted alongside Gaby Roslin but stepped down from the role in 1994. The radio star went on to form his own production company, Ginger Productions, with Don’t Forget Your Toothbrush as its first programme. The presenter went on to spend time hosting the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show between 1995 and 1997. Returning to TV, he presented TFI Friday for four years between 1996 and 2000. More recently he presented The One Show and fronted the 2016 series of Top Gear. Chris has been married to Natasha Shishmanian since 2007 and the couple share four children.