Arsenal midfielder Jorginho could reportedly leave the club as early as the summer. The Italian only signed for the Gunners on deadline day but it has been claimed his spell in north London may only be brief. Arsenal were in need of midfield reinforcement following the knee injury picked up by Mohamed Elneny in training. The Egyptian is set to miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery last week. Brighton's Moises Caicedo was the top target but the Seagulls refused to sell after rejecting two offers from the Gunners. Arsenal turned their attention to Jorginho and completed a £12million deal with Chelsea. He signed an 18-month deal at the Emirates. However, transfer reporter Graeme Bailey claims he may only see out six months of the contract. READ MORE: World's richest footballer worth 10 times Ronaldo and Messi combined  Bailey has been told Jorginho could move back to Italy at the end of the season, even if he wins the Premier League with the Gunners. Speaking on the Talking Transfers podcast, Bailey said: "He’s an upgrade. Bringing him in now, one player doesn’t make a team, but this one player could have such an impact on this Arsenal team. "He has experience, he’s impressive. I’m not surprised that Arteta is delighted with this. This could be the signing that wins them the title. "I don’t think it has affected their long-term transfer ambitions. I’ve been told by someone and they said that they wouldn’t be surprised if Jorginho lifts the title and then still moves back to Italy in the summer." Arsenal are planning a move to sign West Ham star Declan Rice in the summer. They also remain interested in Caicedo and could reignite that pursuit in the off season. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here   Jorginho may fall further down the pecking order at the Emirates if Mikel Arteta lands his two top targets. Arteta did speak glowingly of Jorginho at his press conference on Friday. Asked what he will bring to the squad, the Spaniard said: "His intelligence, his personality, his leadership skills, the way he understands our way of playing, and the quality he has to implement that in football matches. He’s a player who will fit in really well with what we want to do. "You have to adapt to the circumstances that we had. Obviously the significant injury to Mo meant we had to have a plan behind him. That probably wasn’t the case before the injury happened, but we have adapted and we have improved the squad."  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport including horse racing!