A selfie taken by the pilot of a US spy plane shows China’s suspected surveillance balloon up close. Snapped from the cockpit of a U-2, the white vessel is seen hovering above the earth days before it was shot down over the Atlantic Ocean. The pilot, flying a U-2 spy plane, took the shot as the plane arced right - 60,000 feet in the air. General Glen VanHerck, commander of US Northern Command and North American Aerospace Defence Command, said the object was 200 feet (61 metres) tall and its payload weighed thousands of pounds. After first being seen on January 28, officials decided to gather information on the balloon, sending two U-2 spy planes to track it. Six days later, the US shot down the object six miles off the coast of South Carolina and immediately began recovering the debris. Senior State Department official sources said the fly-bys revealed the high-altitude balloon was able to conduct "signals intelligence collection operations”. Despite this, Beijing has insisted the balloon was a meteorological object that had blown off course. On Wednesday, Pentagon deputy press secretary Sabrina Singh said that the balloon’s payload had been recovered. The U-2 spy plane has a single seat and flies on high altitudes during reconnaissance and surveillance missions with “glider-like characteristics”, the Air Force states. Pilots “must wear a full pressure suit similar to those worn by astronauts” as the planes often fly “at altitudes over 70,000 feet”.  It comes after a military analyst said there was a "high probability" the suspected spy balloon mined "nuclear intelligence" data before fighter jets shot down. Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, has said the assessment "is based on what we know about China’s intelligence capabilities" and "targeting strategy". The length of time it remained up in the air - seven days - also supports this verdict, she suggests. "My intelligence analysis tells me there’s a high probability that the Chinese government exfiltrated sensitive US data, collected by the high-altitude reconnaissance vehicle that traversed over US sovereign territory, prior to the airship’s destruction by US Air Force," Koffler said.