Manchester United fans have been quick to mock Frenkie de Jong after Barcelona were sent crashing out of the Europa League on Thursday night. The Catalan giants went ahead in the first half when Robert Lewandowski converted a penalty. However, goals from Fred and Antony then turned the game around and sent the Red Devils through instead. Manchester United are now in the last 16 of the Europa League and remain the only team in contention to win a quadruple across European football. And many fans were quick to mock De Jong after Barcelona struggled to make an impact at Old Trafford. The Netherlands international was famously courted by United back in the summer, with Ten Hag determined to land a player he’d previously managed at Ajax. However, De Jong repeatedly made it clear he was happy at Barcelona and, ultimately, the Red Devils missed out. On Twitter, user @AbsoluteBruno said: “Never forget De Jong forfeited 2 years salary, settled for a pay cut to try and avoid Europa league with United only to be knocked out of the Europa league by United.” Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “Frenkie de Jong didn't join United as he didn't want to play Europa League just to get knocked out by United in the Europa League, poetry,” were the words of @CantonasCoIIar. @UtdTrey said: “Frenkie De Jong really rejected us all summer to play Champions League football just to get knocked out by us in the Europa League. So poetic.” “Frankie De Jong snubbed United because we were not in the CL. First he knocked out of the CL with Barca and the tragic irony is now Man United knocked his team out of the European competitions,” said @DeepRedDevil2. @AidanWalshMUFC stuck the knife in by sharing an image from the game that showed Bruno Fernandes kicking the ball at De Jong, with a caption that read: “No more European football for Frankie (sic) de Jong.” And @FaruqBashar said: “Frenkie De Jong rejected Man United because he wanted Champions league football over Europa league, he got eliminated from the Champions league and ended up in the Europa league. He faced Man United in the Europa league, got bossed by Fred and got Eliminated. Poetic justice.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit De Jong and Barcelona will now need to bounce back from the defeat. As for United, they’re a team very much on the up under Ten Hag and the quadruple is on for the time being. Speaking after the game, meanwhile, Barcelona boss Xavi conceded United deserved their victory. "United were very intense in that second half," the Spaniard said at his post-match press conference. "They are in very good form at the moment and are very good at home. It is those fine details that made all the difference." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Lewandowski added: "In the first half, we had almost everything under control. "But the second half, for 10, maybe 15 minutes when Manchester [United] pushed us and scored two goals, it wasn't the best time for us. "Of course we fought until the end to change the result but it was not enough. “Maybe if we had tried to score another goal, took more risks and tried to create another situation, it'd also have been more tough for the opponent to have gone forward." As for Ten Hag, the United boss revealed what he told players after the interval after Lewandowski’s goal had put Barcelona ahead. "I emphasised the belief," said the 53-year-old, who has worked wonders since his appointment back in the summer. "It was too flat first half. We had our spare man, Casemiro we didn’t use enough. “Aaron Wan-Bissaka had a lot of space on the right side, we didn’t use enough. “I think in the pressing we could be more brave. So that is what we emphasised. "The second was to make the sub with Antony who brought more speed in the play and who brings belief on the pitch."