Eamonn Holmes has spoken at length about his desire to return to Belfast where he grew up. However, there is one thing holding him back, and that is his wife of over a decade Ruth Langsford. Loose Women star Kaye Adams asked Eamonn on her How To Be 60 podcast: “Could you see yourself moving to Belfast?” In response, Eamonn remarked: “Oh gosh yes, but Ruth wouldn’t want that, she won’t go, she wouldn’t go.” In the past, the former This Morning star has left his spouse feeling “irritated” after expressing his desire to relocate to Belfast on a full-time basis. The presenter opened up in an interview with Belfast Live, revealing his heart lies in his home country, and he longs to return to it. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury divides fans as she advocates walking backwards Eamonn admitted that part of the reason behind his desire to move is that he misses his family. Reflecting on his reasons for remaining in England in his Surrey home so far, Eamonn said: "Ruth is now on her own with her mother. “She’s got to be here, and we’ve got family commitments and work commitments, we’ve got a stretch of water that keeps us apart." Organising big family events such as Christmas is also difficult, with both spouses wanting to spend it with their families. Eamonn admitted that trying to get it right is "very complicated". The star went on to share that Ruth gets "very irritated" with him for claiming their house in Surrey isn’t "home" for him. When asked where home is, Eamonn admitted: "Well, it’s not Surrey. When people ask me what I’m doing at the weekend, I tell them I’m going home, then my wife gets very irritated by this. She says, ‘This is your home.’ DONT MISS:BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst shares snap of rarely seen husband (PHOTOS)Amanda Owen welcomes lookalike eldest daughter Raven back (NEWS)Alex Jones' young son in hospital as star shares 'horrible' situation (LATEST) "And I say, ‘No Ruth, this is where I work, this is where I have to be, but home…'" Eamonn added that for him, "home" is what forms "who you are" - and Belfast "brings his soul alive" when he flies back in. Eamonn finally admitted that he only remains in England due to work commitments, saying: "If that work was in Northern Ireland, then I’d be in Northern Ireland." Fortunately, Eamonn also said Ruth "very much enjoys" travelling to Belfast with him, and as soon as he returns to Northern Ireland, everyone greeting him is incredibly eager to know where his wife is. Previously, Eamonn has spoken about his “very close family” during an interview on The Journey with Pete Snodden. He said: “I make no bones of it, I would live in Belfast again tomorrow, I have a home in Belfast. "You know if I could, I would, that's where I would be, that's where I intend to end up." Eamonn then described how he had lived with homesickness since leaving his family there in the 80s. "It's never really gone away, but gosh I miss it, I've lived in a continual state of homesickness since I left in 1986 without a doubt."