Another bank has increased interest rates for savers this week as returns continue to improve following recent Bank of England base rate rises. ISAs are a type of savings account that may appeal to savers looking to make the most of tax-free savings allowances of £20,000 for 2022 to 2023. Virgin Money's One Year Fixed Rate Cash E-ISA received a boost this week and now offers a rate of four percent.  Savvy Britons looking for the best savings accounts can now benefit from improved interest rates following recent Bank of England base rate hikes. Virgin Money's One Year Fixed rate ISA allows savers to save up to £20,000 and has been named 'excellent' by experts at Moneyfacts. Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “Savers who wish to use their tax-free savings allowance might be tempted by the 1 Year Fixed Rate Cash E-ISA from Virgin Money. "Following a rate rise this week this ISA now pays 4.00% yearly, or alternatively there is also a monthly interest option, which might be another plus for some investors who want to boost their regular income." READ MORE: I tested water saving gadgets to see if they help you save money  Moneyfacts said the account now takes a place in the top 10 compared to other ISAs on offer with similar terms and there is also some flexibility for savers. Ms Springall continued: "Earlier access is permitted, but this is subject to a loss of interest penalty. "Investors are also able to make further additions and transfers in for 30 days from account opening, which could improve the appeal of this account further. On assessment, this ISA earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” Savers who may need to be able to withdraw cash without penalty may want to consider Shawbrook Bank’s Easy Access account offering 3.01 percent interest. Moneyfacts said Shawbrook Bank has improved its position within the top 10 when compared to other easy access accounts currently on the market and now also has an 'excellent' rating. Ms Springall added: "Those who want to keep flexible access to their savings pot may well be tempted by this offer, and there is also the option to take the interest earned on a monthly basis, which might enhance this account’s appeal further to those who are looking to supplement their regular income." Meanwhile, savers are being reminded to either "use it or lose it" when it comes to ISA allowances as the deadline is fast approaching. Deadlines are different depending on which type of account Britons have but many are coming up at the end of March and in April.   ISA deadlines for 2023:  Virgin Money One Year Fixed E-ISA offers: 