  Laura Hamilton, 40, has admitted she was left “frightened” by the state of her skin when she got it professionally scanned today. The A Place in the Sun presenter said that, despite always wearing factor 50 sunscreen, she was shocked by the amount of damage to the skin on her face.      Laura took to Instagram to share her experience of getting her skin scanned in view of her 175,000 followers. “This was insane…” she captioned the clip, tagging @toniobagiuk and @liftingspiritsx. “Happy Saturday!” Laura told her followers. “Hope you’re having a good weekend so far. “Feeling good, got up this morning, did a workout and started doing some admin whilst there's bits and pieces going on in my house at the moment (headboard being fitted, some curtains going up). READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles     “And then I'm heading to town to go watch a show this afternoon which I'm really excited about,” she continued. “But yesterday morning I went and had a facial scan, and I just want to point out this isn't an ad or an endorsement of any kind. “It was something that was recommended to me through Obagi,” she explained in reference to the health brand. “They basically scan your face and show you the damage on your skin and sort of the deep damage.     “And I've always been someone who's really mindful of wearing factor 50 sunscreen and looking after my skin, but… Wow, it was frightening. “And I just want to share these results with you and just remind you no matter what age you are, wear sunscreen.” Laura then went on to share a montage of herself visiting the skin expert, where her face was scanned so that she could see the damaged parts of her skin displayed electronically. The clip then went on to show Laura getting a hydrating face treatment, which included various serums and light therapy. READ MORE... Margot Robbie found co-star's cigarette 'in butt crack' amid sex scene [NEWS] Ant's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfit [NEWS] Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [INSIGHT]      “This was unbelievable…” Laura captioned the video.”Seeing the damage to my skin was frightening! “I always wear SPF50 and now I’m going to be using a course of treatments to try and repair this damage! “This is not an ad but something we all need to be aware of!” she added meaningfully. After the montage finished, Laura resumed talking to the camera, as she told her followers: “So there you go, quite frightening - that facial scan showing the damage that the sun has caused to my skin.      “As I said, I always wear factor 50. Maybe in my younger years I was guilty, as probably a lot of us are, of not wearing very high sun factor. “But it's not too late,” the presenter insisted. “It's never too late to start trying to rectify things and repair that damage and that's exactly what I'm doing. “Like I said, it's not an ad. But just supporting a small business and actually wanting to take care of my skin for the future. So hope you have a lovely rest of the day.” Laura has been a presenter on Channel 4’s A Place in the Sun since 2012 and also joined ITV’s This Morning as a presenter for Live features on location last year.   