A man claims his carpet was "ruined" after a Just Eat driver allegedly dropped his order from McDonald's all over his hall and carpet. Tony Watson ordered breakfast on the popular app and, after he opened the door to the driver, the bag ripped and the drinks fell out of the driver's hands and onto Tony's carpet.  The beverages also splattered on Tony's walls and on his door in the property in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, last Wednesday. And the homeowner claims, after watching the chaos, the driver said "not my fault" before walking off with a tip Tony had already given him. "It went everywhere. I told him I wasn't happy about it, but he just told me it wasn't his fault and walked off with the tip I'd given him," Tony said. "I was annoyed by the whole thing, especially with how little he said. The drinks went up the walls, all over the door and on the carpet, which we really can't afford to replace right now, nobody has money for that kind of thing." Tony since attempted to complain to Just Eat but struggled to find contact details, Grimsby Live reports. The diner continued: "When it turned up, he hit the kerb outside our house before coming to the door. As he took the order out his bag, the McDonald's bag ripped, spilling our drinks all over my door, up the walls and on the carpet in the hallway. "We've got enough going on at the minute so there's nothing I can really do sadly. It's annoying because they seem quick to take your money, but aren't quick to sort out any problem you might have. "I feel like we've been completely fobbed off, there really should be an easy way to get in touch when something isn't right. "They need to fix this now as it's not fair that people can't contact them to report an issue." Just Eat enables customers to search for local takeaway restaurants, place orders and pay online, and to choose from pick-up or delivery options. A spokesperson for the company said: "At Just Eat, we always want our customers to have a positive experience when ordering their food online. We hold ourselves to high standards and in line with these, we would expect all drivers delivering on our behalf to act responsibly and respectfully at all times.“We are sorry to hear that in this case, the customer's experience fell below the high standards we hope to deliver. We can confirm we have already processed a refund for food, and we are investigating what happened with this order."