Two young men were shovelling snow for free outside a woman's house when she berated them and called the police. Gregory McAdory posted a TikTok of him and his friend being “bugged” by the older neighbour while at work. In the clip, after snow blanketed a street, McAdory and his partner filmed themselves clearing a friends father's driveway. Once they'd finished with the driveway, they moved to the sidewalk in front of a neighbour's house, which they also began clearing. But as they started working on the pavement the older woman demanded they leave and threatened to call the police. “You're seriously mad because we cleaned off your sidewalk?” asked McAdory in the video, as the woman takes snow from the packed bank and shovels it back on the sidewalk. The neighbour then tells the pair: “Don't trespass that line! I don't need anything from you!” Eventually, the woman takes out her phone to call the police, at which point McAdory said: “They'll come faster if you say there's two n*****s over here." Although he appeared to have been recording before the woman took out her phone to call the cops, McAdory told the Daily Beast: “When the police is called on people of my colour, just to be on the safe side, I just say, 'Record.’” He can be heard saying he will put the interaction all over the internet in the background of the video. Into the phone, the woman told the police: “These guys are African American. I don’t get along with them. “They are making fun of me. See, they don’t have no respect!” READ MORE: Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting slams Prince Harry's book According to logs from the Rockford Police Department in Illinois, the call was placed at 12.30pm on February 17. The woman, whose name was redacted in reports, called for disorderly conduct and an “urgent” need for help. According to the notes, “there is a [race redacted]/M there harassing her and she doesn't want him there”. A different note said that there were “two [race redacted]/[males]”. “She says they are disrespecting her and she wants them gone”, read the note. A follow-up video from McAdory saw two officers tell the men to stay off her property and not to shovel her snow. One officer said the woman may be mentally ill, but McAdory said this was not the first time the woman had threatened to call the police on them. McAdory said they believed clearing a path on the sidewalk would show the woman that they could be neighbourly. "I don’t know what’s wrong with her”, he told the Daily Beast. “I don’t know if it’s racism. I just didn’t want to be arrested for something as minor as that."