Despite their lead at the top of the table, Arsenal will need to be wary of how Manchester City could react to their recent Premier League charges. The two teams face off next week in what will be a pivotal moment in the title race. The Gunners have impressed so far this season and have a healthy lead at the top of the table, with Mikel Arteta reaping the benefits of his acute investment and clear strategy. His young players have developed immensely over the last 12 months, with the sprinkling of summer signings elevating their standards. On the other hand, title favourites City have struggled markedly for form and look like a shadow of their former selves. However, they could fly out of the blocks for the second hand of the season, invigorated by recent allegations. Earlier this week, the Premier League announced that they had concluded a four-year investigation into City and found the club guilty of over 100 financial breaches. The allegations have now been referred to an independent commission for further investigation. Pep Guardiola was quizzed on the accusations this week, and he was quick to project the ‘us against them’ message when referring to the Premier League. He said: “Be careful in the future because many clubs make suggestions and we have been accused. I can have an opinion, but what do fans think? I don't know. It is obvious the fans want to push us out of the competition. They believe we didn't behave properly. "I am not moving from this seat, I can assure you. I want to stay more than ever. After many, many years in the Premier League, I do not want to move on. Against 90 teams we are alone, that's for sure. We have to beat Aston Villa, like always we have done it. 19 clubs are not going to help us. “We won the Premier League last season on the pitch. Let us defend (the charges). If it happens, we will accept it. But like UEFA, we will defend.” Guardiola’s enraged press conference is likely to filter down to his squad and could spark a reaction, with the players aware that their side’s every move will now be scrutinised. The move to instil a siege mentality and that the players only have one another could also boost morale, regardless of form. Arsenal will know that it is somewhat inevitable that City will improve and start to rally at some point, may that be because of the charges or simply as they have found their best form, though they will hope to postpone that until after they face Guardiola’s side on Wednesday night.