Former Masters champion Trevor Immelman says he is hopeful Tiger Woods will be able to play seven events in 2023, despite his recent injury struggles. Woods has played very few tournaments since he was involved in a serious car crash in February 2021, with the 47-year-old later admitting it was "50-50" over whether he would need part of his right leg amputated. Immelman recently spent time with Woods and revealed he is still "in pain" and struggles to "walk and play at the same time". "I just want him to be healthy," Immelman told PGATOUR.COM. "I spent some time with him in the Bahamas [in December]. He was in pain, and that's why he was unable to play down there, which was disappointing. JUST IN: Gareth Bale Pebble Beach Pro-Am group and tee times confirmed "He said to me that he'd been hitting a lot of balls, the game felt pretty good, it's just being able to walk and play at the same time.  It's a lot to ask right now. "I hope he plays seven events. That will mean that his body is working about as well as he can expect, and I think if he gets seven starts, he'll have one tournament where he'll give himself a shot at it." In a separate interview, Immelman added that he expects Woods to play in the Masters in April, the scene of his most recent major win back in 2019. "I spent quite a lot of time with him towards the end of last year and as always he’s working hard," Immelman told Reuters. DON'T MISSReed and McIlroy beef explained after row at Dubai Desert ClassicPatrick Reed responds to 'tree-gate' and refuses to confess to errorMcIlroy scream said it all as win delivered 'two-finger salute to Reed "His work ethic is unparalleled and he is trying to do everything he can to live a functional life for his family but also to be able to compete. I do anticipate him playing the Masters. "He has to make sure he is really ready to walk that course four or five days in a row. That for me would be the only question mark for him because his game looked pretty good when I seen him."