These figures are tantamount to being a felonious attack on everyone who drives, runs a business and is struggling to make budgetary ends meet. No one can say these shocking financial figures are down to any brilliant business acumen, creative marketing, or launching new innovative products. No, it’s simple to explain! This gargantuan level of acquired income is down to pure luck with a huge amount of gluttonous opportunism. In a long period of insecure energy supply and high prices, the unpredictable global energy and fuel market has delivered manna from heaven to these corporate fat cats to exploit. And by God they have taken advantage this time, and big time, riding roughshod over UK drivers who are suffering under the worst cost of living crisis in decades. There is no contrition, just boundless boasts of incredible financial success and even larger dividends. There may be good news however, as more and more Tory backbench MPs are backing introducing PumpWatch and ensuring Fuel Duty remains frozen at current levels in the March Budget. More than 40 MPs have written to the Chancellor and the Business Minister demanding that PumpWatch be implemented as a matter of urgency. Shell’s record profits much of which were contributed from higher than warranted petrol and diesel prices at our garage forecourts, could mean future fill-up costs be subject to real scrutiny and maybe new legislative control. The Government must act now and introduce FairFuelUK’s well-thought-out pump pricing watchdog proposal. Such a long overdue consumer protection mechanism can check these big brand oil corporations and their fuel supply chain continuing manipulation of pump prices. Oil is down nearly 50 percent since the Ukraine invasion, yet Shell and the other Big Oil Corporations disgracefully think only shareholder’s prosperity on the back of tens of thousands dying in a futile war.  Pump Prices are still 10p-20p per litre artificially high and have dishonestly contributed to the fuel supply chains profits greatly. This odious level of record income generation is fundamentally immoral. They only benefit already well-off individuals, private pension funds and of course the Treasury, which has been sitting back, wallowing in record VAT receipts because of the last two years of huge and punitive filling up costs. Jonathan Gullis MP wrote in his letter (backed by many of his parliamentary colleagues) to both Jeremy Hunt and Grant Shapps: “Since 2010, FairFuelUK has been instrumental in influencing over twelve years of fuel duty freezes. "They have successfully pushed for a 1p cut in 2011 and 5p cut in 2022. Their campaigning is widely respected by Members on both sides of the House, and their voice has scope and resonance across the media. "Moreover, FairFuelUK is popular and is still growing, with support of an average of 2600 drivers per constituency. They continue to campaign for a significant cut in fuel duty in order to reduce inflation and stop perennial opportunistic profiteering in the fuel supply chain (as demonstrated by Shell), with their PumpWatch proposal.  "On December 6, 2022, The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) announced that there is unacceptable profiteering in the fuel supply chain. A fact that millions of drivers have known for some time now.” So, on behalf of those hard-pressed drivers who have been subject to an epidemic of local and national anti-motorist policies, I feel optimistic that an increasing number of our elected national politicians are now waking up to reality. A combination of PumpWatch and cutting Fuel Duty will accelerate falling inflation, generate jobs, business investment, increase GDP and stimulate consumer spending. Deep down any true Conservative knows this is the most immediate approach to lessen the cost-of-living crisis. But will Rishi’s Cabinet have the guts to make this happen? He will not regret doing so when he sees the opinion polls respond positively to such fiscal common sense. 