Queen Camilla always looks stylish, whether she is at a glamorous event or on a more casual walkabout with King Charles. In conversation with Vogue to mark her 75th birthday, the royal shared her fashion hacks plus the trends she refuses to take part in. Camilla has had a penchant for coat dresses for many years, to the point where they have become synonymous with the royal. She owns coat dresses and coats in a whole host of colours, including black, white, navy, emerald, brown and camel. However, unlike the late Queen Elizabeth II, Camilla rarely goes for anything too bright or colourful. The late Queen was more often than not spotted wearing a monochromatic yet vibrant coat and hat ensemble. READ MORE: 'Nothing' would make Camilla get involved in particular style trend  She had outfits in all colours of the rainbow, for a particular reason Sophie Wessex revealed in the documentary The Queen at 90. The Queen's daughter-in-law stated: "She needs to stand out for people to be able to say, ‘I saw the Queen'. "Don’t forget that when she turns up somewhere, the crowds are two, three, four, 10, 15 deep, and someone wants to be able to say they saw a bit of the queen’s hat as she went past." The late Queen was even reported to have said she could "never wear beige" as nobody would know who she was. It is clear that Camilla has not taken this approach to fashion, preferring to stick to classic colours rather than shocking pinks neons. However, there is one colour she particularly despises, a shade of purple she describes as "menopausal mauve". Vogue reported: "On a recce of the gardens two weeks earlier, the Vogue team happened upon a wisteria and asked the Duchess’s staff whether HRH might have anything in her wardrobe in the same colour. This was an absolute no go. The Duchess has a dedicated phrase for her dread colour: Menopausal mauve." Interesting, both the late Queen and Princess Anne have donned Camilla's dread colour on occasion. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes  At Royal Ascot in 2012, Princess Anne wore a mauve and lime green ensemble, complete with hat, coat and dress. Just last year in June, the late Queen Elizabeth II donned a mauve coat dress and hat when she attended an Armed Forces Act of Loyalty Parade at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. In addition to mauve-coloured clothing, there's another style trend Camilla just can't get behind. Speaking about her teenage granddaughters growing up and experimenting with ears piercings and makeup, the Queen Consort revealed that "nothing's going to pierce my ears". Camilla does like to look goof, however, with an extremely impressive jewellery collection containing clip-on earrings and gorgeous pearl necklaces. While Camilla does go for practicality over whimsy, she enjoys fashion, being photographed by Vogue in her own Bruce Oldfield Couture dress. She also works closely with her dresser Jacqui Meakin, who previously dressed the Queen Mother. One quirky fashion habit the Queen Consort has is that she likes to wear press-on nails, she told the magazine. This is an attainable look for all Camilla fashion fans - although the Queen Consort did "lose them all gardening".