Last Sunday, Vera’s 12th series came to an end as ITV viewers saw DCI Vera Stanhope forced to confront her family's past. However, fans of the long-running show may not know the iconic Land Rover Discovery the detective is seen driving holds a strong family connection. After the show was mysteriously dropped from ITV's schedule in 2021, fans were thrilled to discover Vera would be releasing six self-contained crime stories at the start of the year.With two episodes from series 11 and four episodes from series 12, including a special 50th instalment, DCI Vera Stanhope and side-kick Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) were back to solving crime.Throughout the series, Vera has tackled some harrowing cases such as solving the mysterious deaths of GP Dr Lucy Yo and Joel Kingston from a respected and notable police family.Although many are used to seeing Vera solve murders with her sharp detective skills, the character also showed one of her other talents in the series. READ MORE:Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall In one of the episodes, titled The Way the Wind Blows, Vera was seen fixing an issue with her car.Speaking about the moment on the show, actress Brenda Blethyn commented: “There’s a brief scene where we see Vera changing a tyre on her Land Rover in the middle of nowhere.“It was a very heavy tyre but I lifted it up and chucked it in the back. Vera would have learned how to do all of that from her dad. That’s her dad’s motor.“It was her who got it going when he died. She got it out of the shed.” Although the 77-year-old revealed the vehicle had to be modified specifically for her to be able to use it.Brenda added: "The Land Rover was adapted to an automatic for me to drive and I’ve got a little extra step to get in and out.“Getting out is easy, I just come out like going down a chute“But it’s quite high up to get in, so they added a little step for me.” DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast fans blast Keir Starmer's 'sticking plaster' interview [REACTION] Ruth Langsford fumes over 'dangerous' Roald Dahl changes [VIDEO] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [INSIGHT]  Although very little is known about Vera’s past, fans got to see a glimpse of her past in the 50th special, along with her relationship with her father.During the grand finale, the DCI came across a baby inside an abandoned car during a storm.With no signal on her phone, Vera was forced to find refuge at Brockburn House, Stanhope’s ancestral pile.As the place is somewhere she used to visit with her neglectful dad, it brought back all sorts of memories for her. Speaking about filming the special episode, Brenda said: “It was so cold during filming for The Darkest Evening.“I spent a couple of weeks drenched from head to foot. I just hoped I would have shrunk but I didn’t.“Some of the rain was artificial and then we had real rain when we didn’t want it. We also had wind machines and all the rest of it.“We had to use pins to keep Vera’s hat on. Every ploy was used. I think a tube of glue would have come out if all else failed.“The whole series would come to an end if I lost that hat!”Vera is available to watch on ITVX.