During his time on the show, actor Jon Morrison has starred across 46 episodes and shows no signs of slowing down. The actor is appearing in season 12 of Vera as the hardened detective working alongside Brenda Blethyn’s iconic Vera Stanhope. Fans of ITV crime drama series are keen to know more about her co-star. Morrison was born in Glasgow, Scotland on December 16, 1952, which would make him 70, according to Wikispro. He is younger than his co-star Blethyn who is now 76 and was born on February 20,1946. Actor Morrison has had a distinguished career to date and appeared in Vera right from the start - bar the pilot episode of the hit ITV crime drama. He made his TV debut back in the 1970s, getting small parts in Adam Smith, Sutherland’s Law, The Nearly Man and Play for Today and the original Van der Valk series. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Over time, Morrison continued to build up his career in the 1980s appeared in the film Who Dares Wins, Cloud Howe, Strangers and King & Castle. Towards the latter half of the 1990s, the actor went on to have more prominent parts in the likes of Psychos, The Bill, Monarch of the Glen and Taggart. Through the 2000s, he starred in Dream Team as Don Barker, High Times and Servants before landing the role of Kenny in Vera. Morrison previously spoke about wrapping up on Vera before then going into surgery for a leg operation. The veteran star powered on through filming on the show before going under the knife. He told The Sunday Post back in 2018: “It was painful when I was filming but I managed to get through it and ITV were very understanding.” Morrison had a diseased artery replaced, leaving him with a scar and needing rest. However, Morrison has been non-stop on Vera ever since then and remains a firm fixture on screens. He hailed his long-standing role on Vera as “quite an achievement” and said he was “eternally grateful” to both Blethyn and ITV who liked his character. Despite Blethyn being older than him, Morrison admitted he was often left in her wake with the actress proving to be spry despite her years. Morrison said: “She’s a real powerhouse and she has become a great friend. “She leads from the front and she pays attention to every detail. DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [UPDATE]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [VIDEO]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [VIEWER REACTION] More recently, Blethyn spoke about working on season 12 of Vera and gave some insight into her co-star Morrison when the cameras weren’t rolling. She said: “We try to liven things up during filming. Jon Morrison, who plays DC Kenny Lockhart, has a great voice. “He can blow the windows out, it’s so powerful. I can’t sing but I am always singing.” She added: “Everything to me is a cue for a song. Anything to chivvy the day along. To keep spirits up. Things like show tunes and Rawhide.” Vera airs on ITV1 and ITVX on Sundays at 8pm