Chelsea boss Graham Potter has admitted that he does not “worry too much” about the opinions of Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola regarding the Blues’ recent spending. Enzo Fernandez was signed on transfer deadline day for £107million - a British transfer record - while Chelsea have spent over £500m in the two windows since Todd Boehly and co took over at Stamford Bridge. Fernandez joined fellow January recruits Joao Felix, Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Benoit Badiashile, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos but the World Cup winner was subjected to chants from Fulham fans who sang “what a waste of money” during the stalemate on Friday. Potter claimed that his new signings will need to “get used” to the reaction from rivals fans and that Guardiola and Klopp are entitled to their opinions regarding Chelsea’s spending. “It’s not just Enzo who will have to get used to it, it’s the whole team,” Potter said. “It’s normal because we’ve spent the money we’ve spent. The media aren’t going to let that go under the radar, so all of football will be singing that song, that’s for sure. Everybody's entitled to their opinion. It’s a free world, it’s free speech, which is good. [Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp] are entitled to their opinion. I don’t worry too much about that. They’ve got their right to speak. And that’s fair enough.” Klopp joked that he needed his lawyer present before speaking about Chelsea’s January spend, while Guardiola hit out at their business and claimed it would have been perceived differently if Manchester City had spent at the rate of Potter’s outfit. Potter, though, justified the spending and admitted that the winter window is “complicated”, but did not directly admit that his side overpaid as they engulfed the fees paid by every other club in the world. “January is very complicated,” Potter added. “As I’ve said before, you’d want things to be more optimal. “But, at the same time, we know the situation we’re in, we know the transition period that we’re in, so it’s always going to be a case of managing in challenging circumstances. But I'm certainly not complaining, it's exciting. It'll test me, it’ll test my attributes and my quality, and that’s something to be happy for. You see the profile of the players that we brought in. DON'T MISSMason Greenwood 'plots next transfer move' if Man Utd sack strikerChelsea owner Boehly's reaction from stands during Fulham draw says it allTottenham may have two perfect partners in crime for Conte to bridge Arsenal gap “They're excited, they're excited for the now but also they can improve and get better as the team develops. It’s an investment from both parties. It’s a long-term commitment. So we need some stability. We need some work. We need to progress the team. And that's the challenge.” Chelsea were unable to get a win in their first game after the window, as pressure remains on Potter. The Blues are languishing in mid-table despite the new owners’ long-term backing of their man, but he was unable to put a timescale on when his side should be making progress. "I’d be lying if I could say that,” Potter replied when asked for a timescale. “I don’t think anybody can give you a timescale, any amount of time. I could put it this way, if I could get a month for every time I've been asked that question, then I'll be here for five years.”