Millions of UK smartphone owners are being offered a very tempting deal that could help to slash their monthly bills whilst boosting the amount of internet access they are offered. Three Mobile has just announced the launch of a new incentive that's dishing out fully unlimited data, calls and texts for just £12 per month to those who might be struggling with the current cost of living crisis. The company says that its latest SIM deal is aimed at customers who are claiming benefits such as Universal Credit and Pension Credit . Those who are eligible should definitely think about making the switch especially as most UK networks charge over £25 per month for a fully unlimited SIM. The plan, which actually uses Three's SMARTY service, also allows customers to leave at any time so there's no long-term contract to sign. There's also full access to 5G data speeds thrown in as well which offer download speeds in excess of 200Mbps - that's around three times faster than the average UK fixed-line broadband. Speaking about the new deal, Elaine Carey, Three’s CCO said “With the cost-of-living crisis continuing to put financial pressure on many of our customers, Three is committed to playing its part in the solution. More than ever, people are in need of support and that should include access to affordable connectivity without restrictions. “I am delighted that we are launching this tariff today, offering low-cost access to our network for the customers who need it most.” Customers need to be in receipt of one of the following benefits to be eligible for this tariff: • Income based employment support • Income based job seekers • Income support • Pension credit • Universal credit If you claim the above support, already own your iPhone or Android device and are not tied into a contract then this deal is worth considering. To apply for this new tariff, simply check out SMARTY'S dedicated web page • FULL DETAILS HERE It's also worth remembering that many Internet Service Providers, including BT, Sky and Virgin Media also offer cheaper home broadband via so-called Social Tariffs. Some deals start from as little as £12 per month so it's worth checking out as millions of UK homes are not taking advantage of the cheaper prices. Here's how some of the plans compare • Vodafone social broadband tariff • £12 a month - 38Mbps speeds • BT Home Essentials • £15 a month - 36Mbps speeds • Virgin Media Essentials • £12.50 a month - 15Mbps speeds • Sky Basics • £20 a month - 36Mbps speeds