It can be easy for the garden to get overgrown and full of leaves during the winter months, especially when plants and shrubs are dormant and the lawn doesn’t require mowing. A spokesperson for Garden Buildings Direct said: “Many of us love to declutter our homes and freshen up indoor spaces during the spring, but gardens and outdoor spaces shouldn’t be forgotten. “Gardens are often neglected during the colder months, so are in dire need of a good spring clean when the weather warms up. This process does not have to be stressful and can be completed easily. “It’s a great opportunity to get outside in the fresh air and spruce up your garden with new decorations and plant pots while also cleaning existing possessions. “It is worth the effort - there’s nothing more satisfying than a neat garden space to go with a clean home.” When thinking about introducing new additions into the garden, such as new accessories or garden beds, it is important to review the place. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ sock stains with ‘effective’ natural stain remover This can help gardeners make sure they know where the new items will be going, avoiding the space looking cluttered or wasting money. The experts explained: “Catching and removing weeds in spring is necessary to prevent them from growing out of control. Instead of a hoe, use a hand fork to dig the roots out as the soil can still be fairly moist. “Leaving any part of the plant in the ground can lead to re-rooting.” This will mean gardeners will have to go over the area again, so it is best to make sure all of the weed is taken care of. Grass can easily creep out into beds during the winter months, and heading into the spring months is the best time to remove this. DON'T MISS:Four houseplants ‘most effective’ at removing mould from your home [EXPERT]Six steps to ‘significantly’ save when doing laundry [COMMENT]Method to ‘instantly’ kill driveway and patio weeds for good [INSIGHT] The soil is normally damp and once weeds are removed, this should make it very easy to spot and pull up to help keep the garden nice and neat. The gardening pros continued: “Spring is an ideal time for plants to start growing, and you can encourage this by pruning them. “It is best to wait until temperatures are consistently above 10C as insects like native bees and lacewings will hibernate in branches and stems until temperatures increase.” Depending on what month gardeners prune in, depends on what needs to be pruned, but during the month of February, pruning should be done on spring-flowering plants. READ MORE: Seven ‘surprising’ items you can put in your dishwasher Whether preparing pots or ornaments, February is a great time to give them a good clean after being out in the elements all winter long. According to the experts, cleaning garden accessories is always an important part of a garden spring clean. They added: “This can include garden furniture, even if it’s been in storage, as it can collect dust and become a spider’s new home.” Areas like paving stones or a driveway can become caked in mud over the winter months, and so it is best to clean them before spring arrives. This includes using a pressure hose to wash them down and sweeping away any excess dirt, which is a great way to add some contrast to the garden. The gardening pros explained: “Grass can grow brown and patchy during winter, so sow seeds into the ground in the places the lawn is suffering and wait patiently. “Once it grows back, mow the grass to a consistent level and keep it maintained. Check the forecast before cutting, as wet grass can damage your lawnmower.” Leaves can build up in flower beds, on the lawn or anywhere around the garden, and whilst this is good for soil and keeping weeds to a minimum, it is important to brush back thick layers which might be on top of plants. Collect the leaves up and add them to an existing compost pile, or take the opportunity to start a new one for the year ahead. The pros said: “A compost pile is a practical addition to any garden and gives you an easy way to use all your garden waste. After chopping and cutting, lots of matter can be left over and decomposed into compost. “Use a pile, pit or bin to make your own. It’s handy to gently sprinkle water over it to keep it moist.” Now is a great time to plan out and sow or plant some flowers and shrubs for the year ahead. Summer-flowering bulbs like gladioli and lilies are great choices to add some colour into the garden in just a few months’ time.