John Henry insists Liverpool is not for sale. Fenway Sports Group are open to new investment at Anfield but will not be facilitating a full takeover. Last November, a statement from FSG appeared to hint they were interested in selling Liverpool. However, Henry has now made it clear that is not the case. The 73-year-old so rarely gives an interview but has spoken about FSG's plans for Liverpool to set the record straight. He doesn't expect FSG to be owners of the Reds forever. However, there are no plans to sell just yet. Henry has instead revealed there have been discussions with investors who could soon be involved with the club. READ MORE: Chelsea 'admire two managers' as club make decision on sacking Potter this week  Henry told Boston Sports Journal: "I know there has been a lot of conversation and quotes about LFC (Liverpool Football Club), but I keep to the facts: we merely formalized an ongoing process. "Will we be in England forever? No. Are we selling LFC? No. Are we talking with investors about LFC? Yes. Will something happen there? I believe so, but it won't be a sale. Have we sold anything in the past 20+ years?" Liverpool fans may feel Henry has performed a U-turn on selling the club. In November, The Athletic claimed FSG had put Liverpool up for sale. A statement from FSG confirmed they were looking for new investment. However, it did not explicitly say they were open to a full takeover. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has found new undroppable just in time for Barcelona rematchMan Utd star Garnacho 'agrees new contract' as salary plan confirmedLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight  FSG's statement in November read: "There have been a number of recent changes of ownership and rumours of changes in ownership at EPL clubs and inevitably we are asked regularly about Fenway Sports Group’s ownership in Liverpool. FSG has frequently received expressions of interest from third parties seeking to become shareholders in Liverpool. "FSG has said before that under the right terms and conditions we would consider new shareholders if it was in the best interests of Liverpool as a club. FSG remains fully committed to the success of Liverpool, both on and off the pitch." FSG bought Liverpool in 2010, taking over from the much-maligned ownership of Tom Hicks and George Gillett. They have overseen the club's most successful spell this century, where they have won the Premier League and Champions League under the management of Jurgen Klopp. However, FSG have taken some criticism in recent seasons for not backing Klopp as much as he needed in the transfer market. As with a few owners in the Premier League, FSG also received huge backlash for their involvement in the proposed European Super League in 2021.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here