The legendary singer-songwriter shared the rare insight into his private life on his website and admitted that his ultimate goal is to be a kind and considerate husband The Beatles star Sir Paul McCartney, 80, said of his marriage: “I’m trying to be good to my wife Nancy, 63, and trying to be considerate and romantic.” The self-confessed romantic also shared that he goes all out on Valentine's Day to ensure that his wife feels truly loved and appreciated. Sir Paul divulged that he makes sure the day is extra special and romantic. He continued: “I completely overdo Valentine's Day! I mean, there's not just one card, there are cards hidden around the room.” READ MORE: Fern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celeb “Sometimes things even spill into the next day — it's completely silly. “If there's an excuse to have some fun, I overdo it!' he said of his experience with the special day for lovers. “It's a similar story when it comes to the Christmas holiday at the McCartney home: At Christmas, I go crazy with the tree lights and fairy lights — totally overdo it.” The Yesterday singer also shared that he is his wife's strongest confidante and prides himself on the fact that his wife can turn to him when she is going through some tough times. He said: “I am very proud, in fact, to be ‘The Guy' there and I know she is grateful. “So, that's my role as a husband: it's to be the strength and the romance at the same time. “I don’t think I consciously chose to be that way. It’s just how I do things.” DONT MISS: Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [INTERVIEW] Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [LATEST] Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death [LATEST] Sir Paul opened up on his relationship after a fan took to Twitter to ask the Yesterday hitmaker about his views on love and romance. Reflecting on 10 years of marriage, the Beatles frontman often shares romantic pictures of the loved-up pair and pays gushing tributes to his beautiful wife. To celebrate their anniversary last October, the famous Liverpudlian posted a personal message to the businesswoman. He penned: “10 beautiful years together. Happy Anniversary to my lovely wife - Paul.” The singer-songwriter also shared that being a father and being a husband were two starkly contrasting things. He said: "I would say that being a father and being a husband are two completely different things. "As far as being a dad is concerned, I’ve always just tried to give my kids a bit of guidance if they seem to need it - but that was mainly when they were younger. "When it comes to being a husband… I see it as just trying to be good to my wife Nancy and trying to be considerate and romantic."