Pensioners are due to receive a significant rate rise to their retirement payments come April of this year thanks to the triple lock returning. The majority of benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), including the state pension, will be increased by 10.1 percent but there is a “big question” regarding the payment. Steven Cameron, Aegon’s pensions director, addressed the concerns of many older households and analysts have over the triple lock’s long-term viability. He explained: “The state pension triple lock is being honoured in April. This will mean a record-breaking increase of 10.1 percent to the state pension which is good news for state pensioners whose 3.1 percent increase last April fell short of inflation then. “There’s a big question over whether the triple lock can be sustained in future years when both price inflation and earnings growth are high and subject to sharp changes. “It won’t be until autumn that we’ll know what the triple lock formula would deliver, and the Government will then have a difficult decision to make.” READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Furthermore, the retirement expert warned that further clarity is needed when it comes the future of the state pension age. Mr Cameron added: “As well as uncertainty over future increases to the state pension, we’ll hear more in the new year on the future age at which people can draw their state pension. “There is speculation this could go up to age 68 earlier than planned, possibly from the early to mid-2030s. “The state pension is a significant part of most people’s retirement income so it’s important to understand when you’ll receive it so you can plan ahead to make sure you have adequate private or workplace pensions.” This is a promise by the Government which was introduced in 2010 to raise state pensions every year. Payments are hiked either by the rate of inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent; whichever is the highest. Last year, the link to average earnings was temporarily scrapped due to wages being artificially inflated over the course of the coronavirus pandemic. However, during his Autumn Statement last year, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed the triple lock would fully return in a boon for state pensioners.  READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Based on September 2022’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate, payments will rise by 10.1 percent in the coming months. As a result, the Government’s full new state pension will go up from £185.15 weekly to £203.85 per week. Furthermore, the full basic state pension is being raised from a weekly payment of £141.85 to £156.20 over the same period. Rate hikes are being applied as of April 6, 2023, and someone on the full new state pension will be in receipt of £10,600.20 per year. Currently, the age threshold at which someone can access their retirement payments is 66 years old. This is reviewed regularly and is expected to rise to 67 by 2028, and then to 68 between 2044 and 2046. The Chancellor is reportedly considering bringing forward the state pension age to 67 by 2035 which will mean older people will have to wait longer to get their retirement entitlement. While controversial, this move is being considered due to the “big questions” standing over the triple lock’s long-term viability.