Two military veterans who served at the Queen’s Coronation in 1953 have politely asked the King for an invitation to his Coronation in May. Army veteran Victor Needham Crofton and RAF veteran Tom Weatherall, BEM, gently pleaded to King Charles III while at The Taxi Charity for Military Veterans' 75th anniversary celebrations at The RAF Club, London. Mr Needham-Crofton, who said he was invited to the Queen Elizabeth II's Coronation with his military company, said he planned to write a letter to the King, asking if he could be involved in “some small way”. He told Express.co.uk: "Having taken part in the coronation of the late Queen, God bless her, I think I’ve got something to add to the King’s Coronation. "So, I’m going to write through my charity and let them know that I’m available." Mr Needham-Crofton, who was involved in aid work during the 1953 Norfolk floods, and served at Suez and Cyprus, said he was "really proud" as he protected the Queen’s carriage on June 2, 1953.  Recalling the momentous occasion, he said: "It was brilliant. You’re standing there armed and all you can think of is what you were doing. "There was no time to look at the coach or anything. But all us youngsters were really really proud." Tom Weatherall, an ex-miner who was called up for national service in 1953 and also helped out at the flood, said he would like a King’s Coronation medal to "pair" with his medal from the late Queen. The veteran, once six foot two, said he was invited to be an RAF right marker during the late Queen’s Coronation because of his height. Mr Weatherall, who clocked over 30 years for the RAF, said: "I’d like to get a coronation medal. I’d love to have a coronation medal. This is 70 years ago. I’d like having one from the King to make a pair." The King's Coronation will take place on May 6. The official emblem of King Charles III’s coronation was unveiled last week. Created by former Apple chief designer Jony Ive and his associates, the emblem honours the monarch’s love of nature by joining the flora that symbolize the four nations of the United Kingdom in a single image. The rose of England, the thistle of Scotland, the daffodil of Wales and the shamrock of Northern Ireland form a picture of St. Edward’s Crown, which will be placed on the new king’s head when he is crowned May 6 at Westminster Abbey. The emblem revealed by Buckingham Palace on Friday is rendered in the colors of the Union flag, with the crown depicted in blue surrounded by further drawings of the four plants in red, all on a white background. 