White clothing turning a funny colour can be due to a number of reasons including soil transferring from other items in the wash, or mixing whites with colours. It could also be from not using enough detergent, or using too much detergent, but it is extremely common. To help Britons restore whites, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to share top tips. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Katie Louise wrote: “What’s your favourite whitening product? I have white bedding and want it to sparkle again.” Fans recommended a variety of products, including Linda Brown who suggested adding white vinegar to the wash. Coleen Francis said to “avoid” using softeners, adding white vinegar into the wash instead. White vinegar can help whiten, freshen and soften fabrics in the wash, and it can be picked up for as little as 29p. READ MORE: ‘Go-to’ method to make bathroom tap limescale ‘disappear overnight’ Simply add a cap into the detergent drawer or directly into the drum and watch it get to work, and don’t worry, the vinegar smell will be completely gone by the time the cycle is over. Sue Nelson also recommended white vinegar saying it was her “holy grail” when it came to restoring any clothing. She wrote: “I use white vinegar to get rid of the grey hue in my husband’s socks, it works instantly and it’s my holy grail for brightening anything." As well as white vinegar, baking soda can also be used to help brighten clothing, according to a cleaning expert who shared the hack exclusively with Express.co.uk. DON'T MISS:Seven ‘inexpensive’ DIY jobs to add value to your home [COMMENT]Five pruning ‘mistakes’ to avoid making - ‘ultimate bad move’ [INSIGHT]Watering sensitive orchids ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ in spring [EXPLAINER] Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, explained: “A cheap and gentle substitute for detergent is a solution of baking soda and white vinegar. “Add half a cup of both ingredients into your washing machine’s compartment before a cycle, and it’ll brighten and clean your clothing and neutralise any unwanted scents.” In the long run, using white vinegar instead of a fabric softener can help to prevent a build up of residue on the clothing, reducing the likelihood of laundry turning a funny colour. The pro added: “It has the same conditioning properties and can also work to remove stains on your clothing. READ MORE: ‘Toxic’ and ‘harmful’ spring plants to avoid cats and dogs eating “Unlike fabric softener, it also prevents a build-up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their colour. “Just add half a cup of distilled white vinegar to your washing machine’s detergent compartment before you run a cycle.” Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended ACE for Whites which is specifically formulated to work on light fabrics, helping to restore dull whites. The company behind the product said: “Add your usual detergent as normal. Pour ACE into the drawer marked with the CL symbol, up to the level guideline. “If your washing machine does not have a compartment with the CL symbol you can pour your bleach into the other products section if you do not intend to add any other products. “If however, you do intend to use other added products, start your pre-wash cycle, and while the water is running pour in one and a half cups of ACE. Start the washing cycle immediately.” Always check the label before using products such as baking soda and white vinegar as some items may be too delicate to be washed with the essentials. Some items, such as silk, will need to be hand washed, and others might need to be cleaned by a professional.