Meghan Markle and Queen Camilla both wear stunning diamond engagements rings. Jeremy Hinds, Director at jewellery experts F Hinds, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about both jewels, revealing an interesting similarity between them. Meghan Markle's engagement ring is a gorgeous piece featuring one large diamond flanked by two smaller ones. Jeremy told Express.co.uk: "Following true royal tradition, Prince Harry actually designed Meghan's beautiful yellow gold diamond trilogy ring himself over a six-month period...and what an excellent job he did!" He suggested that the royal engagement ring has since inspired non-royal proposals. The expert said: "Since the engagement, trilogy rings are truly back in the limelight and we hope they're going to stay because they have such a lovely meaning behind them. READ MORE: 'Nothing' would make Camilla get involved in particular style trend  "Trilogy rings contain three unique stones that represent something very special - the Past, the Present and the Future. How romantic! "Harry chose three perfect diamonds for Meghan’s ring and decided to set them on a traditional yellow gold band that really makes those big diamonds stand out." The ring, which is worth around £120,000 according to experts at Steven Stone, is steeped in sentimentality. The central diamond was sourced from Botswana, a country Prince Harry visited after the death of his mother. Harry and Meghan's third date - five days in a date - was also in Botswana when Harry was visiting Africa to do some conservation work. In their engagement interview, Harry stated: "I managed to persuade her to come and join me in Botswana and we camped out with each other under the stars. "Then we were really by ourselves, which was crucial to me to make sure that we had a chance to get to know each other." A second sentimental statement was made through the two smaller diamonds in the ring. READ MORE: Princess Anne could make simple change to look more like Camilla  These were from Princess Diana's personal collection, another beautiful touch which connected Meghan to her late mother-in-law. Queen Camilla's engagement ring is slightly different to Meghan's in appearance but they share one special feature - both are trilogy rings. Speaking about the Queen Consort's ring, Jeremy said: "It's one of the biggest engagement rings ever to be worn by the British Royal Family, and it gained a lot of attention for its art-deco look. "The ring, which is set in platinum, contains a large emerald cut diamond with two baguette diamonds either side - sort of like an art-deco trilogy ring!" It is believed that Camilla's ring is also a sentimental piece, linking her to one very important royal who Charles was particularly close to. Camilla's engagement ring previously belonged to the Queen Mother, although it was not her engagement ring. Jon White, director of Precious Metals Buyer, told Express.co.uk: "I’d estimate the piece to be worth £250,000 to £300,000, and its value will only increase over time."