June Osborne (played by Elisabeth Moss) has now been separated from her mother Holly Maddox (Cherry Jones) for years after being captured as a Handmaid on Hulu’s hit adaptation of Margaret Atwood’s classic novel. However, viewers are convinced The Handmaid’s Tale series will make a drastic departure from the book with a reunion in the final season. The new theory proposes Holly will somehow escape from the colonies to help June and Luke Bankole (OT Fagbenle) rescue their daughter Hannah (Jordana Blake). Holly has just appeared in two seasons so far in flashbacks, though June is still praying her mother has managed to keep herself safe. During the wait for The Handmaid’s Tale's final season, fans have been rewatching their favourite episodes and realised Holly seemingly appears during a slideshow shown to June and other Handmaids. This could be a clue June and her mother will eventually reunite, which would make for a huge change from Atwood’s iconic source material. READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' When the scene was posted on Reddit, u/More-Jacket-9034 speculated: “That's why June hasn't completely given up hope that her mom is still alive. “All depends on how Holly handled that colony. She's smart and she's a fighter. Hopefully those worked to her advantage.” They later confirmed: “Holly wasn't placed in a radioactive colony. The pictures showed it as a farming colony. “She had a slightly better chance of escaping there. That is, as long as she didn't get transferred.” And u/Some_Cicada_8773 commented: “I like to think that she's still alive and part of Mayday, still fighting.” While u/GR8BIGC took the theory a step further, adding: “I am hoping Holly will ultimately be the person who rescues Hannah. “It would wrap up the story in a satisfying way, because despite everyone trying to ‘Luke v Nick Blaine (Max Minghella)’ this show, it is really a love story between mothers and daughters, and the strength of women to rescue themselves. “I am keeping hope alive that the series The Testaments will NOT follow the disappointing book sequel.” DON'T MISS:1923 fans ‘work out’ Alexandra exit twist after worrying promo clue [SPOILERS]My 600lb Life’s Lupe completely transformed after huge weight loss [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii fans meltdown as Whistler and Holman stars tease team-up [VIDEO] While u/MSMIT0 agreed: “I never considered that being and ending but omg you are so right. Would be SO much more satisfying. “It would also give us closure on those beginning flashbacks - like Holly being indecisive about their marriage and late to Hannah's birth.” By the end of The Handmaid’s Tale season five, Hannah is still trapped in Gilead after an attempted air raid on her school ended in disaster. Fans are hopeful the family are finally able to come together in the last season, although they have learned by now to manage their expectations. Still, if Holly is surviving somewhere in the colonies, she could prove integral to June and Luke’s mission if she ever manages to escape. Unfortunately, there are no more clues supporting the theory just yet, as Holly fails to appear in Atwood’s award-winning sequel novel, The Testaments, which is also set to be adapted. Details for the show’s epic conclusion are being kept under wraps, though viewers should expect to find out more over the coming months ahead of a late 2023 or early 2024 release window. The Handmaid’s Tale seasons 1-5 are available on Hulu in the USA and on All4 in the UK.