Novak Djokovic has been defended amid suggestions he feigned the extent of his hamstring injury during his triumphant Australian Open campaign. The Serbian star returned to the scene of his most controversial career episode last month and duly won a record equalling 22nd Grand Slam title, beating Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets in the final.  That's despite the 35-year-old receiving regular treatment on his leg during matches in Melbourne. Tournament director Craig Tiley later said the star was playing with a 3cm hamstring tear, although not everyone seemed convinces. Djokovic's fourth round opponent, Alex de Minaur, said everything "looked good" during their match when asked about his injury, while pundit Todd Woodbridge suggested Djokovic was "playing up" his injury. Another opponent, Enzo Couacaud, said it was "far-fetched" and "hard to believe" that the former world No 1 could continue with an injury of that magnitude. But now former professional player and coach Nemanja Kontic has hit back at critics of his compatriot, arguing the icon isn't prone to 'scamming' fans and fellow players over injuries. And he also took aim at the media, accusing journalists of simply trying to pursue an agenda against Djokovic. JUST IN: Inside John McEnroe's luxurious houses, rock-star wife and cars after making £87m fortune "Nole is not someone to fool around," he told Sportal. "The man is very precise, he knows what he wants. He's not in the business of scamming someone for injuries. I liked the interview he gave, he said that when others are hurt, they are victims and heroes, but when it comes to him, there are doubts. I don't know why there is doubt about it, why would Novak fake an injury?" Seemingly weighing in on the GOAT debate, Kontic added: "The Western media always try to find something wrong with him, and since they have nothing to do with him or his team, then the story about fake injuries goes on. The world certainly does not tolerate and does not like that Novak Djokovic is the best of all time. That must be clear to everyone." DON'T MISS:Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas clash again as feud worsens - 'Taught you a lesson'Roger Federer 'in advanced talks' to join BBC Wimbledon coverage in huge tournament boostNick Kyrgios issues statement as Aussie avoids criminal record and keen to 'move forward'  That theory could yet become factual this year, with Djokovic and Nadal currently tied on 22 Slam wins. In normal circumstances, it would be Nadal who'd be favourite to win No 23 at the French Open in May and June, but the Spaniard has endured a difficult period with injuries. Djokovic will also defend his Wimbledon title this summer, and will then be hoping for a return to Flushing Meadows for the US Open. The Serbian could not travel to America last year due to the travel ban on unvaccinated people.