Helen, who has played bubbly blonde Trixie Franklin since the show's inception, has had fans wondering if she will be leaving the popular drama after her upcoming wedding to Matthew Aylward for the season finale. Fans are eagerly anticipating a heartwarming season finale.  Many viewers are hoping that she doesn't leave Poplar and the convent Nonnatus House with her new husband.   Speaking to Radio Times the actress calmed fans' fears of the pair leaving east London.   Helen confirmed that she was staying put as she felt there was still a lot of life in both of the characters.  The actress admitted that there was no need for them to leave east London once they had tied the knot.  READ MORE: Louie Spence thinks mum is 'haunting' him after 'cooking' her ashes She also shot down any rumours that now Trixie is married and with a disposable income, she could become the new Hyacinth Bucket.   She said: “She’s not a gold digger, It’s coincidental that she fell in love with Matthew. It wasn’t for the money.”  She said: “As long as there are still interesting storylines to play I’m down with that.”   In the interview, co-star Olly Rix, also shot down any rumours that the pair would be leaving the show. The actor insisted that, if anything, viewers should watch them get "more involved in the next season”. Helen also predicts that theirs is going to be an exciting marriage.  She added: “If you see them wearing matching slippers, then it’s time to stop.”  Helen’s revelation comes as fans rejoiced when it was announced that the hit BBC period drama had been renewed for another two seasons.  DONT MISS: Joanna Lumley apologised to Princess Anne before 'bursting into tears' [LATEST] Prince William honours John Torode with MBE at Buckingham Palace [LATEST] Chris Evans gives up 'very special' Jaguar previously owned by Queen [NEWS] Fans were also thrilled to find out one of the show's writers, Heidi Thomas, has been awarded an OBE. On the official Call the Midwife Instagram account, the writer is seen pictured with her OBE The image was captioned with a beautiful message celebrating her achievement. Its caption read: “In a week that began with the thrilling announcement of Call The Midwife being recommissioned, we bring more wonderful news!” “Our much-loved series writer Heidi Thomas was today awarded her OBE by His Majesty King Charles at a special investiture ceremony in Windsor Castle!” "Heidi was appointed an Officer of The Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 2022 for Services to Drama." She attended the investiture accompanied by her husband Stephen McGann, who also played Dr Patrick Turner in the show.