Novak Djokovic has confirmed the details of his upcoming press conference as the world No 1 is set to reveal more information on his hamstring injury and his hopes of playing the upcoming Indian Wells and Miami Masters. Djokovic will address the media at 12pm UK time on Wednesday, speaking in his home of Belgrade. Djokovic will be staging a press conference on Wednesday, just days before his campaign at next week's Dubai Tennis Championships is set to get underway. It emerged earlier this week that the 22-time Grand Slam champion was planning a presser to disclose full details of his upcoming schedule and the hamstring injury that bothered him in Australia. "I know everything but I can’t tell you anything, sorry. I decided to have a press conference. I will answer all questions there. I have already arranged with my PR team, the invitation will arrive in a few days," he told Serbian news site Sportal. It comes after the world No 1 applied for a "special permit" to enter the US and play the upcoming Masters 1000 events in Indian Wells and Miami, with unvaccinated travellers still banned from visiting the country until mid-May. "It is something that unfortunately is not in our hands," his brother Djordje Djokovic recently told Tanjung. JUST IN: Serena Williams and Sharapova reunite to put feud rumours to bed  He added: "Novak has to get a special permit, considering that the USA still does not allow entry to unvaccinated people, which is simply incredible because the whole world is open and sports events around the world are held with vaccinated and unvaccinated athletes." It is not yet known whether Djokovic's request has been granted, but the 35-year-old is expected to reveal all in his press conference. The recent Aussie Open champion is also set to address the hamstring injury he was carrying during his run to a 10th title in Melbourne Park after previously claiming he would provide "proof" when some doubted the validity of his physical issue. "I feel the need to show and prove certain things. Not so much for those people, but for me - some comments bother me a little. You will get to know everything in a few days' time," Djokovic said after the likes of Todd Woodbridge questioned whether he was "playing up" the injury. DON'T MISSKyrgios defended for 'throwing middle finger' as Tursunov lauds starMurray and Zverev downplay injury woes ahead of blockbuster Doha clashRaducanu's ex-coach gives rare insight into 'demanding' work ethic  “I’m going to do some medical check-ups in the next few days, then I’ll be able to talk about it a bit more and understand the situation,” the 93-time title winner said during his trophy photoshoot in Melbourne, a day after winning the Aussie Open. Australian Open boss Craig Tiley later claimed that Djokovic had suffered a three-centimetre hamstring tear during the tournament but the world No 1 is yet to confirm or deny this. It also remains to be seen whether Djokovic remains on the entry list for next week's ATP 500 in Dubai or if he uses the press conference to withdraw.