Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte has conceded that some of his players 'collapse' under pressure amid their fight to finish in the top four. The stark admission comes on the eve of Tuesday's trip to the San Siro for their Champions League last 16, first leg against AC Milan. Spurs are two points behind fourth-place Newcastle United, having played a game more, but are firmly in the running to maintain their Champions League status next season. Conte's side will also face Championship high-flyers Sheffield United for a place in the FA Cup quarter-finals, a significant opportunity for silverware. But he has shared concerns about his squad's mentality, admitting that the pressure impacts some stars' performances. He told reporters: "Playing under pressure all the time is good for some players. It's bad for others. "Sometimes players feel motivated, and sometimes players feel so under pressure they cannot perform...they collapse." JUST IN: Gary Neville slams Pickford after Liverpool goal vs Everton  Tottenham notched one of their most notable results against Conte last weekend, defeating Manchester City 1-0 in north London, a third successive win. But since then, they have lost Hugo Lloris to a long-term injury and were thrashed 4-1 at Leicester City on Saturday, where Rodrigo Bentancur suffered an injury ruling him out for the rest of the season. Conte added that he believed Spurs are 'lacking stability' this season and is attempting to make his squad 'more resistant'. "I think we are lacking that stability. It's crucial to achieve targets, to have a good position in the Champions League and the Premier League," Conte explained. "We are lacking this stability this year. I always talk about it with my players. It's difficult to remain focused on every game. It's not an easy task, but we are working on it. DON'T MISS Harry Maguire 'accepts' summer transfer as Man Utd face huge lossMan Utd's Casemiro relief for Barcelona as Ten Hag without second starLeeds 'snub Alfred Schreuder' despite Man Utd visit "Playing under pressure all the time is good for some players and not for others. We are working on this. "We want to make our players more resistant, but there are exterior factors like injuries, injuries to important players. "You can be prepared for everything, be a tactical man, have high-quality players, but if those players get injured, then you have to change." In between the trips to Milan and Sheffield, Tottenham face two crucial London derbies against West Ham United and Chelsea in the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here