Lewis Hamilton’s friend, Miles Chamley-Watson, was part of Red Bull’s launch event in New York last Friday. Fencing star Chamley-Watson was interviewed on stage ahead of Red Bull's car launch as they threw a spotlight on talent from other sports. He took to the stage alongside a range of other Red Bull ambassadors including Olympic Ski Star Eileen Gu. However, the British-born fencing star is understood to be a close friend of the seven-time champion. Chamley-Watson has been invited to several races as a guest of the Mercedes star including the 2019 Monaco Grand Prix. The 33-year-old has also been spotted on holidays with Hamilton including his trip to Africa last summer. The pair were also filmed playing basketball over the F1 summer break back in 2019. The link was not lost on F1 fans who took to social media to question the apparent conflict of interest. READ MORE: Max Verstappen outlines requirement to make Lewis Hamilton 'dangerous' Twitter user @ELOVEDK said: "Miles Chamley - Watson he spends his life with Lewis but what the hell is he doing at Red Bull? I never understood.” Chamley-Watson has also interacted with Hamilton on social media, including sending the Mercedes star birthday wishes on Instagram. He posted: “This is gonna be an incredible year for you I know it.” Hamilton also posed with Chamley-Watson at the 2021 Met Gala event in New York. More recently, he was seen supporting HJamilton at F1’s Las Vegas launch in November. According to Twitter, the fencing star also posted a selfie wearing Hamilton merchandise in January. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen responds to Lewis Hamilton claim [INSIGHT]Will Lewis Hamilton end his F1 career at Mercedes or join F1 rivals? [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen warned of Lewis Hamilton 'hunt' as Mercedes plot return [COMMENT] F1 icon Hamilton also praised Chamley-Watson for securing a gold medal last month. He posted on his Instagram story: “Let’s go bro! So proud of you man.” However, Chamley-Watson has also thrown his support behind Red Bull on social media. He posed at the company’s French headquarters in January and even posed drinking a Red Bull energy drink after going to the gym. Speaking on Red Bull’s event, he wrote: “NYC for a quick 48 innit. Thank you to my @redbull family for having me. It was a pleasure speaking alongside other great inspiring athletes. Back to training we go.” Red Bull cruised to both titles last season while Hamilton’s Mercedes team struggled to match the frontrunners and Ferrari. But champion Max Verstappen has warned Mercedes are still the team’s main concern. He explained: “If they fully understand everything they wanted to improve on the car, of course, they will be our main rival.”