A solo traveller made a little girl cry after asking her to move seats when she found her sat in her reserved window seat on a plane. Taking to Reddit, the 22-year-old woman said she had purposely reserved the window seat for her nine-hour flight. Once she boarded the plane, she was shocked to find a young girl sat in her seat while her father was sat in the middle seat. The man stared at her and said "she's a child" before pointing at the aisle seat, implying the young woman should sit there instead but she insisted on taking her pre-booked space, which sent the little girl into floods of tears. Commenters were widely supportive of the young woman, who herself was feeling upset about leaving her family behind. Explaining how the drama unfolded, the woman said that she felt emotional when boarding her flight. "Leaving my family this time has been hard and I’ve been crying on and off the entire day," she said.   "I had a window seat booked for my flight and I was looking forward to it. When I got there, a child was sitting in my seat and her dad in the middle seat. I looked at the dad and pointed at the window seat saying that I think it’s my seat, expecting him to move. "He looked at me and said, 'She’s a child' and pointed at the aisle seat suggesting I take it. Perplexed I did and had mentioned this to my family. My dad called me and told me to get my seat because he paid for it and it wasn’t a free seat. I then told the girl's father this and he asked her to move. "She started crying and I felt terrible but my dad told me to hold my ground. The girl moved and is sitting in the middle, "I’m in my seat and I’m also sitting back so she can see out the window. Her dad has made one or two snide remarks about me wanting my seat so I just wanted to know, am I the a*****e for insisting on sitting in my seat?"  READ MORE: Woman breastfeeds someone else's baby and mums think it's 'very weird'  But commenters stuck by her side as they insisted she deserved to sit in the seat she had paid for. One user said: "You bought a seat to be able to use it, and the father in this situation knew that the seat he put his child in wasn’t theirs to use. "If the father wanted their child to have a window seat, they should have selected one. People choose their seats of preference for all sorts of different reasons and they shouldn’t have to deal with someone just assuming that they can sit there." A second added: "Yep, this same thing happened to me years ago. I was a kid but the child who took my seat was even younger. Instead of asking me, the mom just told her daughter (in earshot of me) that I was nice and would let her have the seat. I was too shy to say anything, so I took the aisle seat but was really bothered by it. So I’m glad OP [original poster] stood up for herself and went back and got her seat!" DON'T MISS:Wife left disappointed by 'p**s poor' effort on Valentine's Day [INSIGHT]Woman reuinted with her parents' World War II love letters [COMMENT]Woman walks out of date early after man asks for money for parking [PICTURES]  A third wrote: "What is this epidemic of people assuming they can take another person's assigned seat? The seats can have different prices, and can be selected ahead of time. The father can keep his snide remarks to himself." A fourth added:  "Well if you wanted it so badly you could have paid for it before. Why the hell should we pay extra and then have to give it up to someone else cuz of some sob story??" A fifth wrote: "Kids don't get special treatment on planes just because they want to see out the windows. "They need to learn not everything will go their way sometimes. Your dad paid for that seat so sit where you are meant to on the plane and the dad of the kid can stop bullying you now." 