Liverpool managing director Andy Hughes has promised the club will look to reinvest the record revenue from last season back into Jurgen Klopp's playing squad in the summer transfer window. Liverpool released it's financial results for the year to May 2022, announcing their overall revenue grew to a record £594million.  The latest set of accounts come from the season where Liverpool came within two wins of clinching an unprecedented quadruple. The club notes that Liverpool's revenue grew by £107m from the previous financial year with a profit of £7.5m record. While the club generated a record £594m in revenue, their profits took a huge hit due to their growing wage bill. Administrative costs rose by £69m to £545m with wages accounting for £366m of that amount. Fabinho, Alisson, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson and Jordan Henderson all signed contract extensions during last season while Luis Diaz and Ibrahima Konate joined the club. Liverpool also announced matchday revenue was up to £86m, which places them third in the Premier League for matchday earnings behind only Tottenham and Manchester United.  And their overall revenue of £594m saw Liverpool climb up to third in the Deloitte Football Money League for 2021-22 with only Real Madrid and Manchester City above them. While administrative costs saw Liverpool's potential profits take a hit, there's still set to be plenty of money available for Klopp to make the changes he wants in the summer transfer window. Hughes admits the club are constantly exploring ways to expand on their commercial profile so that money can be made available to "reinvest revenues in players". Hughes said: “Some of the numbers in these latest accounts look slightly skewed as a result of the previous reporting period being impacted by the global pandemic. However, the underlying strength of our financial position remains strong and we continue to operate a sustainable club which is our main objective from a financial perspective. “It was really great having supporters back at Anfield and returning to some sort of normality after a really challenging period for everyone. For our men’s team to play the maximum 63 games in this reported season is an incredible achievement and winning more trophies is exactly what we continue to strive for. "Our women’s team also had success - gaining promotion to the WSL was a great achievement and exactly where we need them to be competing. The cost of running a football club does continue to rise. But we maintain our position of growing this club with significant investment with new and existing players signing contracts and the construction of the new Anfield Road Stand which we look forward to coming on stream in the summer. "In the last five years we have invested over £250m in infrastructure and created world-class facilities for our players, staff and supporters. What’s important now is to finish this season as strong as possible, both on and off the pitch, while we continue to manage costs and explore opportunities for growth in our commercial operations so we can continue to reinvest revenues in players and infrastructure.”