Devastated about her situation, she told the finance guru “I don’t know where to go from here.” She explained on a video posted on The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube channel that her and her husband just lost their home in foreclosure due to a con artist lawyer. Sandy 68, and her husband 70, make around $95,000 (around £71,500) each year. Before their home got foreclosed, Sandy owed $245,000 (around £184,700) on it, and the whole property was worth $350,000 (around £263,800). Sandy and her husband had to move into a temporary apartment to get by. Dave suggested Sandy and her husband should build up their nest egg for the next three years by living a conservative lifestyle. READ MORE: DWP confirms cost of living payment details - Millions to get £301 boost in just months “I want you in a modest condo in the next few years as it stabilises the next 20 years of your life.” The finance guru was able to empathise with Sandy as him and his wife had previously gone broke. He explained losing something can often help people get a grasp of what is real, and what is important. Mr Ramsey continued: “You guys have each other, you have a roof over your head, and you have food on the table. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons warned of 'key considerations' when passing wealth to loved ones “Your heart is broken and you’re angry and I don’t blame you for that but you do have blessings in your life. “You didn’t go broke, but you lost your house which is a kick in the teeth, so I understand.” Sandy explained both she and her husband are currently in employment. Her husband is in customer service and Sandy has her own business she can run from her house. They have pension income that brings in $48,000(around £36,166.32) a year, which is included in their total household income. Dave suggested that Sandy use his ‘Baby Steps’. As a first point of action, he encouraged her to set aside some of the saved money in the bank for an emergency fund of three to six months’ worth of expenses. Then he suggested using more of the money on a down payment on a modest home they could get paid off very fast.