A train came off its track in the US on Monday night, marking the third major derailment to strike the country in recent weeks. Roughly a dozen cars were overturned, but there were no reports of flames or smoke. Union Pacific Railroad says the train was transporting coal, and there is no indication that the crash poses a threat to locals. Emergency hazmat crews scrambled to to the scene following the derailment, which occurred overnight on the eastern edge of Gothenburg, a city of over 3,700 in Nebraska. "At about 1.45 am CST today, approximately 31 Union Pacific train cars carrying coal derailed near Gothenburg, Nebraska," Union Pacific Railroad said in a statement. "No one was injured. The incident occurred about three miles southeast of Gothenburg. Cleanup has begun, with heavy equipment on site. The derailment is third such incident to hobble US infastructure in recent weeks, following a freight train coming off its track in Michigan and the disastrous chemical spill in Ohio on February 3. About 50 train cars, including 10 carrying hazardous materials, derailed in East Palestine, a small town in Ohio - making headlines around the world. Vinyl chloride was released into the air in a controlled burn afterwards, creating a dark plume of smoke which has caused panic within the local community. DON'T MISSOhio mayor savages Biden after Ukraine visit [LATEST]Meghan Markle seeking 'support' after feeling 'embarrased' [INSIGHT]US-China tensions setting stage for war [REPORT Residents from nearby neighborhoods in Ohio and Pennsylvania were evacuated because of health risks from the fumes. They later were allowed to return but many say they’ve experienced headaches and eye irritations and worry about long-term effects. By contrast, the Michigan train derailment, which occured a half-hour’s drive west of Detroit on February 18 was far less grim. Twenty eight of 134 cars in a Norfolk Southern train had gone at least partially off the track on Thursday with a couple overturned and several others upright but knocked sideways. No one was injured and nothing appeared to have spilled. The lone car carrying hazardous materials wasn’t affected. “We couldn’t believe how lucky we were, considering the awful situation over there in Ohio,” Police Chief Jason Wright said on Friday. Authorities urged drivers and residents to avoid the area while they investigated. Several roads were temporarily closed by the derailment. The Michigan Department of Environment, Great Lakes and Energy sent responders to the scene who found one of the overturned rail cars contained agricultural products while the other cars were empty. No hazardous material was released into soil or waterways, and one rail car contained liquid chlorine but was away from the overturned section. There were more than 12,400 train derailments in the US over the past decade, or more than 1,200 annually, according to Federal Railroad Administration data based on reports submitted by railroads. Those accidents combined derailed or damaged about 6,600 tank cars carrying hazardous materials — including 348 cars that released their contents — and prompted evacuations involving more than 18,600 people, according to FRA data. Total damages reported by railroads from derailments of trains hauling hazardous materials exceeded $930million over the decade, the accident reports show.