Arsenal must respect the challenge of Manchester United, claims former Gunner Nigel Winterburn. The Red Devils are just five points off the leaders with 14 games of the season remaining. Arsenal do have a game in hand, which is against relegation-threatened Everton next Wednesday. But Erik ten Hag's United side are putting a string of results together to get their fans dreaming of a first title since 2013. Manchester City remain favourites to win their fifth title in six seasons. They still have to host Arsenal at the Etihad in late April. United, though, have already played both Arsenal and City twice. Winterburn won three league titles during his 13-year spell at Arsenal, including in the 1997/98 campaign. Arsenal came from a long way behind to beat United to the title that season. And Winterburn says the current Gunners side must be wary of the Old Trafford club doing the same to them. READ MORE: How Man Utd dressing room 'privately reacted' to Ten Hag's treatment of Sancho  He told talkSPORT: "Manchester United are there because they’re showing a lot of consistency at the minute. They’re only five points behind Arsenal, albeit Arsenal have a game in hand still. "You just don’t know what will happen with those games, but they are there. Everyone is still looking at Arsenal and Manchester City, but you have to be respectful of the teams that are behind you especially if they’re showing the levels of consistency like Manchester United are doing right now. "There are going to be games where teams drop points when you least expect it, it’s already happened many times this season already. Those games will define who wins the title. "Everybody at this minute in time is playing catch up to Arsenal and as long as Arsenal maintains their own consistency then it puts pressure on the chasing teams. DON'T MISSMan Utd can sign two strikers for the price of one and save Ten Hag millionsLiverpool 'suspend' planned meal with Real Madrid chiefs ahead of tieRio Ferdinand left with egg on face after Ronaldo Man Utd comments backfire  "It allows you to keep picking up points to keep that little bit of a gap between you and the teams behind. I think it’s going to be an intriguing end to the season." Meanwhile, Winterburn was pleased with the reaction of Gabriel Martinelli, who came off the bench to score in the win over Aston Villa on Saturday. He added: "Nobody wants to be dropped or rested, however you want to call it. "But not being in the starting XI can be frustrating for a player. It was the desire from Martinelli to get into that position to kill the game off, so I’m pleased he responded in the right way. "You have to do that as a professional because it’s disrespectful to the rest of the squad if you don’t. He then responds with a goal from the bench, so it was the perfect attitude from Martinelli." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 