Former Liverpool captain Jamie Redknapp claimed Naby Keita's performance against Crystal Palace summed up his Anfield career. The midfielder was dragged off at half-time of the Premier League match at Selhurst Park. Keita has never really lived up to expectations since joining Liverpool from RB Leipzig in 2018. The Guinea international cost the Reds north of £50million but he has made just 129 appearances in four-and-a-half seasons. Injuries have played a big part in Keita's time on Merseyside and Saturday's match was just his third Premier League start of the campaign. Jurgen Klopp brought him into his side following the demoralising midweek loss to Real Madrid. But it was a first half to forget for the 28-year-old. Keita got booked midway through the half and Redknapp felt it was inevitable he would be taken off at the break. READ MORE: Greenwood 'to become a dad' amid Man Utd exile and backlash from female players  He said on Sky Sports: "Keita's been booked, I'd be surprised if he starts the second half, he's going to get sent off. Because he's erratic, it's summed up his Liverpool career, and I think they will probably bring on Harvey Elliott." Klopp made the exact substitution that Redknapp suggested. The pundit was hoping for a better display from Elliott in the second half. He added: "He'd been booked but I have to be honest, even his performance you might have thought about changing it because you need someone who is going to make a bit of a difference, a spark, will want the ball in tight areas. I'm a big fan of [Elliott]." It wasn't just Keita who struggled for Liverpool in the first half in south London. Redknapp claimed all 11 players looked fragile with the effects of the heavy Champions League defeat. DON'T MISSMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit routeMia Khalifa sent Karius a message as Newcastle star prepares for cup finalAmad shows Man Utd what they’re missing with stunning Sunderland goal  He said: "I think they've been average to put it kindly. I've been in this situation. They are fragile right now and you can see the longer the game's gone on, Palace have grown in confidence and you can see Liverpool have made defensive mistakes. "To a man, it's not just one person, it just transmits to everyone. They're very edgy and right now they just need someone, it might be a young player, someone like Harvey Elliott to come on, or [Stefan] Bajcetic and think 'well I've got no fear, I'll come and get hold of this game and make us play'. "They've got to get some possession and have got to look better going forward because it hasn't happened for them."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here