Chelsea legend Didier Drogba could have taken a very different career path if he had decided to avoid going into football prior to becoming one of the greatest Ivorian players of all time. The former Blues forward scored more goals for his country than any other player in history during his playing days and is also counted among Chelsea's most important heroes after firing them to their first ever Champions League triumph back in 2012. Drogba was voted Chelsea's greatest ever player in a poll of 20,000 fans conducted in the same year and has continued to play a role in football since retiring in 2018 by hosting Ballon d'Or ceremonies and working as a pundit for various broadcasters. It could have been an entirely different story for Drogba, though, if he had ditched his playing ambitions to embark on a separate career as an accountant.The forward grew up in Abidjan but was sent to France at the age of five to live with his uncle, Michel Goba, a professional footballer who played for Angouleme and Dunkerque. Drogba soon grew homesick and returned to Abidjan before going back to France when both of his parents lost their jobs, where he continued to pursue his passion for football by joining a local semi-professional side and excelling at youth level.He initially started out as a right-back, according to his official website, but this annoyed Goba who urged the young Drogba to begin playing as a centre-forward. He is quoted as saying: "What are you doing stuck back there? Get up front! In football, people only look at the strikers." JUST IN: Kevin De Bruyne trolls Arsenal fans after being pelted by bottles Drogba then became an apprentice at second-tier outfit Le Mans upon finishing school, when he also decided to embark on an accountancy course at university. He went on to complete his degree at the age of 21, not wanting to fully commit himself to professional football until he had finished his education, and is now said to be a registered chartered accountant.The Ivorian's sheer determination and work rate helped him to stand out against arguably more talented strikers during his early days at Le Mans, which saw him earn a move to Guingamp in 2002 before he was snapped up by top-flight giants Marseille a year later. He ended up winning the league's player of the year award after scoring 19 goals in 35 games before Chelsea came calling for his services at the age of 26.The rest is history for Drogba, who revealed after his retirement in 2018 that he initially considered quitting the Blues after just one season due to crippling levels of self-doubt before eventually having a change of heart. He said: "The only time I doubted myself was the time I moved from Marseille to Chelsea. Two-and-a-half years earlier I was a sub in the French second division and then suddenly I was at a club who became one of the biggest in the world."A new country, new culture...and I was like: ‘Is not all too fast for me? Can I make it here? Is it too much?’. I was a bit scared to fail and after my first difficult year at Chelsea I spoke to Jose Mourinho."I told him: ‘I’m not happy here. Maybe this is not for me and I need to leave.’ But he was saying: ‘No, you have to stay. I will help you'." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.