This month the popular Amazon Prime series Clarkson’s Farm returned for its second series as the former Top Gear star Jeremy Clarkson continues his journey of running his own farm in the Cotswolds. Although he’s not alone in his trial and tribulations as the 62-year-old gets help from fan favourites Kaleb Cooper and Gerald Cooper. At the beginning of February, all eight episodes of the popular Amazon series dropped with many rushing to bing ewatch the new instalment. It comes after the show’s huge success back in 2021 which saw Jeremy face a chain of hilarious mishaps as he tried to navigate his new world of farming. Although Clarkson’s Farm is both educational and entertaining, most of the funniest moments from the show come from the real-world characters that have won fans over. One of which includes long-running farmer, Gerald, who often comes to give Jeremy a helping hand, however, the 62-year-old usually has no idea what he’s saying. READ MORE:Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain    Due to his thick accent, Jeremy and viewers are stumped by what he’s saying, although one viewer thinks he’s cracked it. YouTuber Jason Coulls shared a video to help people understand Gerald by analysing a scene that aired in the first series. Realising that it’s a running joke for Jeremy to be clueless when speaking to Gerald, Jason explained: “Some of us do recognise this accent from a long, long time ago. “You know, I for one, I'm actually quite happy to see something like this documented."    Playing a clip of Jeremy and Gerald speaking over walkie-talkies to try and harvest a field of wheat, Jason added subtitles to show people what the local farmer was instructing. The captions read: "I can lead it Jeremy as long as you keep alongside at a certain pace and not too fast, I can do the loading, alright. "I was gonna say, if you're just taking off like a racing car I can't keep up with you." Explaining to people that Gerald is talking sense, albeit somewhat hard to understand, Jason believes some parts of the audio had been jumbled up to make it harder to understand. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Ethan Anderson and Marcus Dean in trouble after revelation [SOAP] Love Island fans blast ‘hypocrite’ Olivia after Casa Amor recoupling [REACTION] Stacey Solomon gesture makes Sort Your Life Out guest break down [VIDEO]     He went on to add: "I think what the problem really comes down to, these accents were a lot more common in the old days when towns and villages were smaller. “But, the average urban person now isn't exposed to this type of accent any longer. So it's very, very foreign sounding to them.” Despite many struggling to make sense of what the farmer is saying, it hasn’t stopped viewers from taking a liking to him as many praised Gerald on social media. JezbotClark commented: “Clarkson's Farm is simply the best thing on TV at the moment. Well done @JeremyClarkson and @PrimeVideo. Gerald is a national treasure [and] surely should get his own spin-off. It's just a shame you couldn't understand 90 [per cent] of whatever he says! “   Vasa2k3 added: “Gerald Cooper is a national treasure on Clarkson’s Farm” Heh51808086 said: “Gerald from Clarkson's farm is a gem.” With jogo78 commenting: “Gerald is pure comedy gold on Clarkson’s Farm.” Clarkson’s Farm is available to stream on Prime Video now.