Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has refused to confirm whether Loris Karius will be given the nod to start the Carabao Cup final against Manchester United next week after Nick Pope's red card. The England international was sent off in Newcastle's 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Saturday evening for a calamitous error of judgement after missing an attempted diving header to stop Mohamed Salah and handling the ball outside the box. It means he will now be unavailable for Newcastle's Carabao Cup final against Manchester United next week while Martin Dubravka is also cup-tied. Karl Darlow was allowed to leave Newcastle on loan in January, leaving Howe short of options in goal. But the Magpies did extend Karius' deal until the end of the season with the German potentially in line to make his Newcastle debut next week. The 29-year-old featured for Newcastle in their friendly against Al-Hilal back in December, but is yet to play in any competitive match for Howe's side. However, Newcastle also have another option in Mark Gillespie who has been with the club since 2020. Like Karius, Gillespie has also been limited with his first-team opportunities.  And Howe is seemingly undecided on who will start in place of Pope and Dubravka against United next week. "They've started games away from competitive action in several friendlies and training games. I'd say they're match ready," Pope said. "I would have confidence in them, that's what they're in the squad for. They've both been very competitive and part of our group all season. I have full confidence. There's been games where Nick [Pope] has had very little to do, there have also been moments where he has stepped up and made world-class saves for us.  "But we need to make sure we go into next week with the mindset that we protect our goal, as we have done all season, regardless of who the goalkeeper is. That doesn't change our focus on the defensive display. "We've got to digest this quickly and look forward to what is an exciting week for us." Karius' last competitive match for an English side came for Liverpool in the 2018 Champions League final against Real Madrid. The German shot-stopper famously made two major errors in the final as Liverpool suffered a heartbreaking defeat. He was subsequently loaned out to Besiktas and Union Berlin, but failed to make an impact at either club before running down his contract at Liverpool last summer.