Kate Middleton made a small gesture yesterday that was a "huge thing" royal watchers have claimed, and was actually a breach of traditional protocol. The Princess of Wales flipped pancakes during an outing yesterday. During the visit, the Princess made a gesture that anyone might have missed, but is in fact an unusual habit for a royal. Kate took her coat off. The wife of Prince William, next-in-line for the British throne, visited a nursing home, the Oxford House Nursing Home in Slough. The outing came after Kate attended the BAFTAs in a white dress and black opera gloves, a look a style expert dubbed a "miss". The mother-of-three wore a camel coat from Max & Co over a navy turtle neck and trousers combo to arrive at Oxford House Nursing Home. However, when inside she removed her coat. Royal fans were quick to notice this, which might seem an innocuous and obvious thing to do to some. However, this "disrobing" shows a stark evolution within the Royal Family, one of them claims. A US royal TiKToker noted the move. Content creator @matta_of_fact creates videos serving the "Intersectional royalTEA" on her public TikTok account where she has a huge 1.2M followers thanks to her insight. She told her viewers the move was in direct contrast to the behaviour of the late Queen. She said: "If this doesn't feel like a big deal, this is why it struck me. READ MORE: 'They know when and where to show affection': Rare Kate and William PDA wows fans "Queen Elizabeth II during her reign was known for never taking her coat off during engagements even if she was going inside. Part of that is just due to the era she was from, you know, you just keep it formal on these official engagements but for a long time it was the norm for royals to keep their coats on during engagements even if you were inside in say a hospital with children. "Even Diana Princess of Wales, who was known to bring that personal element into royal visits, kept her coat on sometimes." She went on: "So while it may not feel like a huge thing, Kate took her coat off during a royal visit, to this nursing home, it signifies a lot in terms of how far the royal family has come." It's not the first time that has happened. Kate did the same in 2012 on a visit with Prince William. DON'T MISSKate Middleton delights as adorable moment with US fan goes viral [VIDEO]Texts between Catherine and Meghan showed 'Kate wanted to be co-operative' [EXPERT]'People hate me because I look just like a young Kate Middleton' [REAL LIFE]  Royal etiquette experts have explained the ancient royal protocol behind royals keeping their coats on, protocol the Queen always followed. Daena Borrowman, a royal ettiquette expert, told Express previosuly: "Royal women are expected to keep their coats on at social events. Disrobing in public is perceived as distasteful according to royal protocol." But, it appears the Princess of Wales is ignoring this particular element of royal protocol. There are a number of little-known and sometimes strange royal rules members of the family follow, although as Kate has shown, some of these are subject to modernisation. Royal women are expected to dress modestly and wear tights or stockings. Modern royals are also expected not to wade into the politics of the day, so as not to wield undue influence. Royals still curtsied to the Monarch, even when in private, during the late Queen's rule, although Prince Charles may not carry on with the formality. One of the most notable pieces of protocol still in place by law is that royal descendants must ask the monarch’s approval before proposing. This is laid out in the Royal Marriages Act of 1772.