Mohammed ben Sulayem should be sacked as FIA president as tension with F1 bosses rise, according to a new Express Sport poll. Readers backed calls to axe the 61-year-old Emirati after a series of controversial incidents in recent weeks. Fans have also blasted the FIA’s plans to silence drivers by preventing protests ahead of races in a move set to affect Lewis Hamilton. It comes as civil war threatens to break out on the eve of the new season after a series of disagreements. According to the study, a staggering 80 per cent of fans feel Ben Sulayem should leave his post as FIA boss. Just one in five think he should remain in the role just a year after taking office. Ben Sulayem angered F1 bosses when he called a potential £16billion ($20b) Saudi Arabian takeover bid “inflated’. He has also clashed over the sport’s future with the president publicly backing Andretti’s bid despite opposition from many team bosses. READ MORE: Martin Brundle gives telling response to FIA president giving up role However, much of the row around Ben Sulayem has been the FIA’s new rule for 2023 which will ban drivers from campaigning ahead of races. F1’s stars will need to get permission ahead of events or could face severe penalties. Express Sport’s poll shows the policy is largely unpopular with 66 per cent saying they were not on board with the changes. But, just over one-third said they agreed with the idea suggesting a split between fans over the controversial call. The news has promoted backlash from drivers and team bosses from across the grid. Hamilton is set to be the most impacted due to his passionate campaigning to raise awareness of racism since the start of 2020. DON'T MISSFIA breaks silence as Mohammed ben Sulayem walks away from role [COMMENT]F1 and FIA in 'open war' with relationship 'hanging by a thread' [INSIGHT]FIA and F1 set for another bust-up as chief sides with Lewis Hamilton  [ANALYSIS] The Mercedes team-mate has worn T-shirts emblazoned with the slogan ‘End Racism’ and has taken the knee ahead of races. The FIA wants to ensure the sport remains “neutral” with Ben Sulayem urging the grid to focus on driving. But, Hamilton’s former team-mate Valtteri Bottas even suggested the move was a bid to “control” drivers. He explained: “I do not understand why they want to control us. I think we should have the right to talk about what we want. “That is how I see it, but we will see what happens.” Max Verstappen agreed with Bottas, suggesting the plan was “unnecessary” while Red Bull chief Helmut Marko remarked that it was “clearly wrong”.