Liverpool could risk damaging their relationship with Borussia Dortmund ahead of their pursuit of Jude Bellingham this summer. The Reds are linked with another midfielder who Dortmund are keen on signing. Bellingham could make a mega move away from Dortmund this summer. Liverpool have long been linked with the England sensation, with Real Madrid also among the top admirers. Jurgen Klopp has not hidden his feelings on Bellingham when asked in the past. The midfielder doesn't turn 20 until June and will take time to decide on the next step in his career. And Liverpool won't want to upset Dortmund before they potentially enter negotiations for Bellingham. German outlet Ruhr Nachrichten claims Dortmund have a strong interest in signing Eintracht Frankfurt star Daichi Kamada. READ MORE: Potter's comments on Aubameyang clash with why Arteta wanted him gone  Kamada is out of contract at the end of the season and has not accepted any offers of a renewal so far. But the report claims there is also interest in Kamada from Liverpool. The Japan star has seven goals and four assists in the Bundesliga this season, as well as three goals in the Champions League. Dortmund have watched Kamada up close, as he scored against them in their win at Frankfurt earlier in the campaign. It is claimed Kamada wants to double his current salary, where he earns around £2.2million a year. He would also be in line for a big signing bonus at his next club if he becomes a free agent. Liverpool are well-stocked in attacking areas, though Kamada could be suited to playing in Jurgen Klopp's midfield three. Klopp is likely to make major changes to his midfield in the summer transfer window following a difficult season for a number of his established stars. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes as impressive details emergeFernandes explains Man Utd defeat that ‘hurts the most’ and overlooks BrentfordChelsea owner Boehly warned selling two players would see club 'lose its soul'  But if they pursue Kamada, it could have a negative effect on their move for Bellingham. Dortmund may not have the power to stop Bellingham from leaving but may be able to have an impact on which club he goes to. Kamada could be seen as a cheap replacement for Bellingham at Dortmund. The 26-year-old is starting to establish himself as a top player in the German league. If Dortmund can bring in a player of his quality and still have the money they receive for Bellingham, they would be in a strong position. Liverpool must consider whether the potential of annoying Dortmund would be worth it as they attempt to fight off rivals in the pursuit of Bellingham.  FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.