King Charles is reportedly hiring for a new role and it pays double the UK's average salary. The 74-year-old is seeking a 'talent acquisition manager' who will receive an impressive £55,000-a-year salary, plus benefits. According to his royal column on dailymail.co.uk, the Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden wrote that "the successful applicant must be 'adept at using different selection techniques' and will even be given training in 'psychometric assessments'." The advert, which has been posted on the royal website, reads: "The Talent Acquisition team has only recently been established. "Leading a small team, you'll deliver an exceptional recruitment service by managing all activity through the hiring cycle." The new role advert comes just five months after Charles ascended to the role of King following the Queen's death. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan hire big shot Hollywood dealmaker to help boost their fortunes The job advert read that it wants someone who is "able to lead, develop and inspire new talent", as well as "support colleagues and hiring managers". It states that as well as "bringing creativity and great market insight", they would like someone who is "experienced in a range of attraction strategies, including direct sourcing capability". They are also looking for someone who is a "natural communicator" and who has "strong organisation and time management skills" In February 2022, just seven months before her death, the Queen was reportedly hiring a new Head of Finance based at her London home. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's claim Kate wasn't a 'hugger' debunked in series of royal visits The role, offered by the late monarch, came with a potential yearly salary of six-figures. The job advert for the finance position warned that the role this was a "highly demanding" one. It read: "No two days will be the same and the diversity of our operations will stretch you." DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Relieved' Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about attacking Firm [LIVE BLOG]King's Coronation Concert tickets up for grabs - all the details [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'will never redeem himself in American society' [REVEAL] King Charles ascended the throne in September 2022, following the death of his mother, and the longest-reigning British monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, who reigned for seven decades. Charles is due to be crowned in a historic Coronation ceremony, alongside the Queen Consort, on May 6 in a slimmed-down ceremony lasting an hour.