A Red Arrow emergency alert was reported over England this morning after a jet came into trouble in the air because of a bird. Reports show the Hawk T1 aircraft flying over the East Midlands at 8.40am on Wednesday, squawking 7700 above Lincoln. The code is used to indicate an emergency situation. A spokesperson for the Royal Air Force (RAF) confirmed the Red Arrows Hawk T1 aircraft had to be rescued following a bird strike. Maps from Sky Scan World show the single jet registered to an "unknown route" this morning while flying at an altitude of 2,300 ft. The aircraft tracking site records movements and aviation news with maps and data showing the Red Arrow's whereabouts after takeoff. Further details show the plane as a Hawker Siddeley Hawk T1. The RAF said there was no apparent damage to the aircraft which is due to be fully assessed by specialist engineers. A spokesperson said: "A Red Arrows Hawk T1 aircraft had a very minor bird strike this morning resulting in a precautionary recovery to RAF Waddington. "The aircraft landed safely & the pilot is fine." Often seen flying with their trademark Diamond Nine shape, the jets are famously known for their colourful displays, where pilots release white, red, and blue smoke into the sky. They represent the speed, agility and precision of the Royal Air Force and assist in recruiting to the Armed Forces promoting the best of British. Flying distinctive Hawk fast-jets, the team includes pilots, engineers and support workers with frontline operational experience. Displays have been running since 1965, with the jets based at RAF Waddington in Lincolnshire. In December, defence chiefs signed a £9million deal paving the way for a Red Arrows replacement plane. It comes after we revealed in July that the RAF’s display team could, for the first time, be forced to fly foreign jets when their current Hawks are retired in 2030. But now the Ministry of Defence has signed a contract with Bristol-based Aeralis as a down-payment on a new generation of aircraft. The multimillion pound deal will give the MoD access to digital engineering support and data which could lead to the firm producing a “family” of light military aircraft.