A Georgia judge confirmed key parts of a report into Donald Trump's election meddling will be released on Thursday. A grand jury drafted a report after months of hearings about Donald Trump's attempts to influence the 2020 election in the state. Fulton County District Attorney Fani Williams has been investigating whether Trump's demands to local authorities to "find 11,780 votes" for him to win broke the law. Fulton County Superior Court Judge Robert C. I. McBurney on Monday morning wrote: "While publication might not be convenient for the pacing of the District Attorney’s investigation, the compelling public interest in these proceedings and the unquestionable value and importance of transparency require their release." McBurney's decision will see the release of the introduction, conclusion and a section “in which the special purpose grand jury discusses its concern that some witnesses may have lied under oath during their testimony to the grand jury" of the grand jury's report. The Georgia judge said the report is not in itself an indictment nor is it a "court record" under the state's unique rules regulating the conduct of special purpose grand juries. In his decision, McBurney's added: “The process was essentially an investigative tool designed to enable the District Attorney to gather more information about what actually happened in the days following the general election in Fulton County (and elsewhere) so that she could make a more informed decision on whether Georgia law was violated and whether anyone should be charged for doing so. JUST IN: Xi Jinping shoots himself in the foot as Chinese spy balloon 'proves US warnings' McBurney also justified his decision not to disclose the full report stating that "at this time is not proper." He did however confirm the full document will contain "a roster of who should (or should not) be indicted, and for what, in relation to the conduct (and aftermath) of the 2020 general election in Georgia." DA Willis welcomed the decision, saying it was "consistent" with her efforts. She said: "I believe Judge McBurney’s order is legally sound and consistent with my request. I have no plans to appeal today’s order.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert [INSIGHT]China to take tactics to 'next level' after balloon shot down [ANALYSIS]Kate makes new hire after Harry 'takes gloves off' in tell-all memoir [REPORT] President Trump's personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani and Senator Lindsay Graham both testified in front of the special purpose grand jury. Raffensperger was also called to testify about a phone call he received from Trump on January 2, 2021 in which the former president urged him to overturn the results. In their conversation, Trump said: "ll I want to do is this. I just want to find 11,780 votes, which is one more than we have. Because we won the state." The former president has denied any wrongdoing and branded the DA investigation a "witch hunt" The decision came days after Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen met with New York City prosecutors who have spent years examining the former president's financial dealings. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg recently convened a new grand jury to hear evidence related to payments Cohen helped arrange in 2016 to two women who claimed to have had sexual encounters with Trump. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews