When Top Gear was shooting at Surrey’s Dunsfold Aerodrome last December, former cricket star Freddie Flintoff’s vehicle flipped over and slid along the track with a crew member also inside. It’s now been reported that the BBC show’s future will be decided imminently following the serious crash. The presenter was airlifted to hospital where he suffered from severe facial injuries and broken ribs after being dragged along the track.Both Freddie's and the crew member’s wounds are believed to have been more severe due to the car not having a roof.Following the crash, which has been described as a “freak accident”, all filming was suspended while the star recuperates.Since then, BBC Studios Health and Safety team, separate from the show’s production, has launched an investigation with the results expected to be received within the upcoming days. READ MORE:ITV viewers 'switch off' John Bishop minutes into show  Freddie joined the show back in 2018 following Friends star Matt LeBlanc announcing his exit from the series.However, one year after joining Top Gear, the  45-year-old was involved in another incident where he crashed his car going 125mph.The sports star was heard yelling he was unable to stop his vehicle while racing his co-hosts.Although when he realised he was running out of road, Freddie was seen spinning off in a cloud of dust and walked away unscathed. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice’s Joey Essex ‘terrified’ after fall on the ice [INSIGHT] Loose Women outrage as star says Shamima Begum wouldn't be a 'threat' [REACTION] Coronation Street’s Zeedan makes decision on his future on the cobbles [SOAP] At the time, he said: “I go to great lengths to make sure I do well in Top Gear drag races but, on this occasion, I went a few lengths too far. “It will look more ridiculous than dangerous when you see it on TV.” However, it’s not just Freddie who has been involved in serious collisions on the show as Paddy McGuinness lost control of his red Lamborghini in 2020 and Richard Hammond was left in a coma from a crash in 2006. Richard spent five weeks in hospital recovering from his injuries after crashing a jet-powered Vampire dragster vehicle at 288mph. Giving an update on Freddie at the end of 2022, his friend Jason Manford told BBC Breakfast hosts: “Yeah, I don't know the ins and outs, I spoke to some of Freddie's friends this morning and obviously my thoughts are with Rachel and the kids.“But yeah it's not life-threatening and he can get over it.“The injuries that he has from the show, we'll know more details as the day goes on."Like with any of these things, it is the recovery and the mental health of that afterwards that people need help with, friends and family will be around."