Shamed rugby league star Joe Westerman told his wife he was ‘heartbroken’ and ‘couldn’t remember anything’ about the night he carried out a sex act on another woman in an alleyway. Westerman has been fined by his club, the Castleford Tigers, after a graphic video emerged on social media, of the two-cap England player performing the sex act on a blonde woman. Lauren - the wife of the disgraced 33-year-old - has now revealed a series of grovelling messages he sent to her apologising after the shameful video emerged over the weekend. Westerman called his distraught wife “perfect” and blamed alcohol for his antics in an avalanche of text messages, but Lauren is adamant there is no going back for the couple after the unfaithful act in Pontecraft, West Yorkshire. “Words will never ever explain how sorry I am,” Westerman wrote. "I can’t explain what happened cos I physically can’t remember. It’s disgusting and I now have to live with it forever. “Losing you and the kids is heartbreaking Lauren, you deserve so much better. You always said alcohol would f*** me up.” READ MORE: England vs Wales Six Nations clash could be cancelled by strike  When wife Lauren told him he should have listened to her advice, he replied: "Story of my life. I miss you like crazy. U was perfect. He added. "I need you to know I can’t remember anything about that night. I look like a zombie.” Despite Westerman’s grovelling apology, Lauren has insisted her nine-year marriage is over after the viral video rocked her family. The video of Westerman cheating has been cruelly sent to their two oldest children, nine and 14, on Snapchat. “I thought it was forever," Lauren told The Sun. “We’ve had our ups and downs but always managed to find our way back together. This is just incredibly sad. I feel heartbroken, angry, sad and disappointed." READ NEXT:  She continued: “I could sit and cry in a ball, let the kids see me and they’d dislike their daddy even more. That’s not what I want at all. I don’t know if our children will ever forgive their dad. There will be no more family dinners, no family days out. “It’s all gone. The kids won’t be able to see him play again because of the chants he will now inspire. I just hope in time they can forget it.” Westerman has issued a public apology via his club Castleford. He said: "Firstly, I would like to take this opportunity to wholeheartedly apologise to my family and friends for my actions. “I'd also like to apologise to the supporters, sponsors, staff, and directors of Castleford Tigers as well as my teammates. I’d like to extend this apology to the game of rugby league, and I have realised that I need to work on my decision-making around alcohol."