With NFL free agency quickly approaching, teams will soon be scrambling to make additions which could see their roster go from play-off also-rans to Super Bowl contenders. That’s how it played out for the Philadelphia Eagles, who acquired Haason Reddick last March. This year’s class is headlined by former Las Vegas Raiders quarterback Derek Carr, while the Baltimore Ravens have to decide whether or not to slap one of two potential franchise tags on wantaway leadman Lamar Jackson. The exclusive tag would trigger a one-year extension with the Ravens for the 2019 MVP and would land him a projected purse of £38.8million. Carr on the other hand, has no such concerns having parted ways with the former Oakland franchise. The 31-year-old pocketed £33.9million in earnings in 2022 so expect to see him in the top-ten list when the action gets underway next term. Here's the top-ten list of average salaries in the 2023 season according to figures from the US sports data publication Spotrac. Goff sneaks into the top ten, thanks to Carr’s omission, having led the Detroit Lions to a winning 9-8 record in his second year with the team. The 28-year-old earned his third Pro Bowl selection - stepping in for Super Bowl bound Jalen Hurts - with over 4,400 yards and 29 touchdowns last campaign. Cousins and the Minnesota Vikings flattered to deceive last term having gone out in the Wild Card Round after a near league best regular season. Still, little blame could be laid at the former Washington man’s feet after characteristically efficient, if unspectacular, displays. A deep play-off run is the very least that will be expected from his roster next term. DON'T MISS: Eric Bieniemy not 'impacted' by claims he will 'fail' at Washington Commanders Prescott and the Dallas Cowboys came unstuck in the NFL Divisional Round of the play-offs after making Dallas fans dream of that elusive Lombardi trophy with a thumping victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in round one. The 29-year-old enjoyed his best campaign in 2021 but last season’s finish makes next term a make-or-break for the 2016 draft pick. And with one of the league's biggest deals, the franchise won’t settle for another early round play-off exit. Stafford completely turned his career fortunes around when he made the switch to the LA Rams and won Super Bowl LVI in 2021. The former Detroit Lion threw 4,900 yards and 41 touchdowns that season which earned a £134million four-year extension. The Florida native will be hoping to put last season’s sorry title defense behind him and secure another championship crown by the time his deal runs out at age 37. Allen became one of the NFL’s highest-earners when he penned a £125million extension with the Buffalo Bills in 2021. One of the league’s marquee talents, Allen’s reputation definitely took a hit last year with a few high profile mistakes. That being said, the Bills 2022 season was anything but ordinary and the franchise will hope none of the off-field travails they endured in the campaign will undermine their run next time around. The reigning regular season and Super Bowl MVP manages to nip into the top five of the list with his £38million take home. Thanks to the mammoth extension he signed in 2020, Mahomes will earn just over £50million in 2017 in a deal which runs until 2031. With two Super Bowls in the bag already, the 27-year-old is laying down a marker to be considered as one of the sport’s all-time best when it’s all said and done. The Cleveland Brown’s decision to lock Watson into a fully guaranteed £193million five-year contract last year looks more baffling with every minute. The QB was suspended for 11 games of the 2022 season following allegations of sexual misconduct. At his best, the 27-year-old is a dual-threat with a great arm but he’ll have to go some way to repay the hefty price the organisation shelled out on him. Murray’s five-year £193million contract extension with the Arizona Cardinals helped propel him into the top three of this list. The 2019 number one pick’s talents make for an impressive highlight reel but he is yet to generate the big plays Arizona desperately needs from him in the postseason. Wilson’s debut campaign with the Denver Broncos didn’t get off to the best of starts but his long and successful stay with the Seattle Seahawks explains his giant earnings. Wilson averaged nearly 4000 yards and over 30 touchdown passess per year with Seattle and will be desperate to show the Denver fans he still has some of that ability left in the tank.  Four-time MVP Aaron Rodgers tops the earnings list ahead of the 2023 season with an average salary of £42.1million thanks to his three-year contract extension in 2022. Despite the recent show of commitment, the 10-time Pro Bowler’s future is very much up in the air after a disappointing campaign last time out. At his best Rodgers remains one of the league’s best but the only question is whether he can still mix it with the NFL younger QB’s at 39 years old. 