Channel 5 is airing a celebration of Roy Clarke's BBC sitcom, which starred Ronnie Barker as shopkeeper Arkwright and David Jason as his nephew Granville. Open All Hours: 50 Years of Laughter will include interviews with some of the show's best-loved stars. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the original cast are now. Ronnie played Arkwright for all 26 episodes and his fruitful career continued long after. Once the series had finished, he starred in Going Straight, The Magnificent Evans and The Two Ronnies Sketchbook. After the recording of The Two Ronnies Sketchbook, his health rapidly declined after he opted not to have heart valve replacement surgery. He died of heart failure in October 2005, aged 76, with his wife Joy Tubb by his side.  David also featured in every episode of the sitcom as Granville. The star is now 83 years old and he is still going strong in his TV career. He appeared on This Morning at the end of 2022 to discuss Only Fools and Horses and the publication of his new book, The Twelve Dels of Christmas. David admitted he and his Only Fools and Horses co-star Nicholas Lyndhurst "no longer speak" to each other. READ MORE: Ronnie Barker left his will to his wife and children Lynda Baron was the only other character to star in every episode of the series, as Nurse Gladys Emmanuel. The English actress and singer was also well known for playing Auntie Mabel in the children's series, Come Outside. One of her last roles was as Mrs Rudge in an episode of Father Brown back in 2017. She died in March 2022 at the age of 82.  Barbara played the milk woman in the series for a total of 11 episodes, having not joined until season two. The actress is now 74 years old and continues to have a successful acting career. One of her latest roles was in an episode of Doctor Who back in 2021. In the same year, she narrated the series Countdown to Murder. Stephanie joined the cast as Mrs Featherstone in season three and starred in a total of 10 episodes. The comedy actress is now 81 years old and she is still very much in the acting business. Last year she played Great Aunt Eleanor in the film The House, and she has had plenty of other TV roles. Her recent credits include the comedy series The Cleaner, and Scarborough. DON'T MISS... Only Fools and Horses' David Jason's struggle shared by Sue Holderness David Jason 'never thought' Only Fools would become huge hit Joan Collins hits back as David Jason brands her 'pretentious' Kathy played Mrs Blewett for the first two seasons, starring in seven episodes overall. She was also well known for her role as Nora Batty in Last of the Summer Wine. She died in December 2008 at the age of 80, with her husband John by her side. The star had been battling a brain tumour, which she had been diagnosed with earlier that year.  Maggie played Mavis in seasons two and three of the sitcom, featuring in seven episodes. The actress went on to star in Scarborough alongside her co-star Stephanie Cole in 2019. She reprised her role for the sequel series, Still Open All Hours, in 2013 and starred in all 41 episodes. The actress is now 73 years old and she is married to fellow actor Geoffrey Leesley.  Open All Hours: 50 Years of Laughter airs on Channel 5 on Saturday at 8.50pm.