Are you a textrovert, loud speaker, or screen saviour? A behavioural expert has identified the 10 types of mobile phone user. Behavioural analyst, Emma Kenny, has delved into the different personalities to reveal what your phone personalities say about you – from the “textrovert” who avoids making calls at all costs, to the “monologger” who lives for voice notes. Those who love to scroll find a great joy in listening to others’ different perspectives, while people who talk on loudspeaker hate the idea of being restricted, and are known for being positive risk-takers. It comes after research of 2,000 adults, commissioned by Three UK to mark its third year of partnership with Gogglebox, revealed the nation's top 10 mobile phone habits. The study found 49 percent have been guilty of messaging someone in the room next to them – for reasons including not wanting to interrupt the show they’re watching, and simply not being bothered to leave the sofa. And 43 percent admit they often fall down a “scrolling rabbit hole”, finding it impossible to stop. Meanwhile 34 percent are guilty of scrolling on their phone in the company of their partner, and 27 percent often do this while watching TV – with one in 10 admitting they “second screen” all the time. Emma Kenny said: “Our phones now represent a community of vital connections that enable us to feel part of our wider community and social network, even when we are alone. “The second screen experience is evidence of our changing relationship with technology, where we can utilise our handsets to connect us in a range of positive ways. “We now have the ability to share virtual space, conversations, and information in real time, promoting close bonds, and building wider social networks.” Other hard-to-kick habits include always putting someone on speaker during a call, accidently sending a message to the wrong person or group, and pretending to be on the phone to look busy. The average adult who uses a phone spends 95 minutes on it per day – the equivalent to two days per month – with only 23 percent keeping track of their screen time. Browsing the internet, sending emails, and messaging family and friends are the top three things people do the most. And when asked how many WhatsApp groups they are members of, three is the magic number for the average phone user. Nearly half (47 percent) refer to their mobile as a “security blanket”, with 45 percent always keeping it within reaching distance. And “second screening” is on the rise, with 72 percent admitting to using their smartphone whilst watching TV. More than four in ten (42 percent) use their phone in this way so they can find out more about certain actors, and 33 percent like to message family and friends during an episode or scene. For many who live on their own, “second-screening” is used to connect with loved ones about the programme they’re watching (77 percent) – with 30 percent saying using their phone while watching TV helps them feel less alone. And if tuning into something based on real-life events, 38 percent enjoy doing their research mid show or film. Despite the distraction, 28 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, said using their phone while watching TV has a positive impact, as it helps them to better understand what they are watching. Aislinn O’Connor, at Three UK, said: “We understand that sharing everyday moments is at the heart of human connection, so it seems only natural that this now extends to our TV watching habits. “Our customers can quickly share and comment on those must-see TV moments, which we know is vital to their viewing experience – just like the Gogglebox cast members. “We’re thrilled to be sponsoring this much-loved show, and can’t wait to tune in for the new series.”