Jadon Sancho’s issues with timekeeping contributed to his exile from Manchester United earlier in the season, according to reports. The England international returned to the fold at the start of this month, having previously not played since October. And he’s done well in the time since, coming off the bench against Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. According to The Athletic, ‘care was at the heart’ of Erik ten Hag’s decision to withdraw the 22-year-old from his squad for four months. Yet it’s claimed there was ‘an element of punishment too’. It’s claimed Sancho’s time-keeping ‘was awry’ that impacted his training levels, which then in turn had an effect on his fitness. Ten Hag reportedly felt a ‘serious intervention’ was required to ensure the United star got back to his best. The former Manchester City academy graduate was starting to look lost in his manager’s system back in October, having impressed at the beginning of the campaign. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players But Sancho has since looked a player transformed since his return to the fold, even if he’s yet to regularly nail down a starting spot. The forward has netted twice since his comeback, against both Leeds and Leicester respectively. Yet he was left on the bench for Sunday’s Carabao Cup triumph over Newcastle, with Antony getting the nod on the right wing instead. Sancho, certainly, was a happy man after the game at Wembley as United ended their six-year wait for a trophy. The United star filmed himself rapping with Marcus Rashford, whose goal helped the Red Devils claim the trophy. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Sancho was jubilant as he posed with his winner's medal and basked in the celebrations around the ground. But, like the rest of his United team-mates, the forward won’t be allowed to relax following the showdown. The Red Devils are already turning their attentions to Wednesday’s FA Cup match with West Ham, which is due to take place at Old Trafford. And whether United can continue their charge towards a potential quadruple remains to be seen. Speaking after the game, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted he ‘loves’ United and only wants to win trophies with the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Maybe it was a risk but I'm a little bit stubborn! And I just love United,” said the 53-year-old. “When I see our shirts, when I see our bond with the fans, when I see Old Trafford, when I see [a] legacy like Sir Alex [Ferguson] left. “So many big players were developed in United teams and it makes a big impression – we want to do the same. “This team wants to make its own history, its own legacy. When this opportunity came, I thought this is the right club for me, I want to be a part of it.” And he added: "You have to celebrate, because it's not business as usual, it's not a common day, we won a trophy. “And this trophy means something, that's the feeling I get here in the UK. “We have won something, we have to celebrate that but after that point, you have to keep going, because, on Wednesday, it’s another game and it’s a big game. In our perspective, every game is a big game. “You can't win when you're not 100 per cent, so we have to do everything to win this game. “But this cup can be the inspiration to give even more, to be even more collective, to have even more togetherness, to put even more effort in to be even better, because we can’t be satisfied."