Prince Harry was told he "can't have his cake and eat it too" when it comes to privacy by a royal commentator. The Duke of Sussex has been fighting over the past few years to shield his family from the media and public eye. However, he has also made a series of revelations and claims against the Royal Family in his best-selling memoir, Spare, in interviews promoting the book's launch and in a six-part Netflix docu-series titled Harry and Meghan. The disparity in what he wants for himself and what he has done when it comes to others has been called out by Australian commentator Daniela Elser. In an op-ed for the NZ Herald, she argued the Duke of Sussex has taken "the highest moral high ground" over the past few years, during which he pointed out the failings of the British press and his family accused, among other things, to brief the media against the Sussexes. Ms Elser continued: "However, a series of choices that the Sussex have made over the past couple of years – with Spare the acme of this signature Sussex sermonising – have exposed just how hollow that superior posture is." The commentator went on to say Harry "tramples all over the Royal Family’s own privacy with seeming indifference" in Spare while also making one of the book's central themes how his privacy was breached for decades by the media. Ms Elser added: "Harry can’t have his Battenberg cake and eat it too. He can’t perch atop the mount, preaching about the error of his family’s ways and their willingness to tattle about him and then engage in exactly the same sort of tit-for-tat revelations." Members of the Firm have been accused by Harry of being willing to "climb over one another" to win the "PR game", Ms Elser wrote. Referring to the string of revelations and allegations made by the Duke since he stepped down as a working member of the Firm, she added: "But how is that different from what we have seen from Harry and Meghan in recent years?" READ MORE: Harry offered path 'out of reputational slump' with new Netfix series Prince Harry said his family "started" the briefing war against him and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, when asked by US journalist Anderson Cooper whether the feud with the Royal Family, which the Duke describes in Spare as a "full scale rupture" can be healed. Appearing on CBS' 60 Minutes in January, Harry said: "The ball is very much in their court, but, you know, Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologise for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. "There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." Mr Cooper then said: "I assume they would say, 'Well, how can we trust you, how do we know that you're not gonna reveal whatever conversations we have in an interview somewhere?'" To which Harry replied: "This all started with them briefing, daily, against my wife with lies to the point of where my wife and I had to run away from my country." Among the most blistering claims made against Royal Family members in Spare, Harry claimed William physically attacked him during a heated discussion focused on Meghan in early 2019. The Princess of Wales' lukewarm relationship with the Duchess of Sussex is also discussed with a few mentions to episodes between the pair, including the notorious bridesmaid dress row.