NCIS and its popular spin-off NCIS: Hawaii are taking some time off this week but will be back for more action next Monday. Thankfully, the drama won’t stop there as CBS has announced its latest slew of renewals for 2023-24, and their popular crime dramas were at the very top of the latest. Both NCIS and NCIS: Hawaii have been renewed through 2024 via the latest announcement from CBS. The mainline drama will continue for its 21st season, while the new spin-off will return for its third. NCIS remains the third longest-running drama in the USA, behind only Law and Order and Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. Series regulars Sean Murray, Wilmer Valderrama, Brian Dietzen, Diona Reasonover and Katrina Law are all expected to return. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue  Plus, new team leader Alden Parker (played by Gary Cole) is also tipped to continue for at least another season. Meanwhile, Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) and her agents will also be tackling more missions in the North Pacific next season. CBS Entertainment president Amy Reisenbach said: “This season CBS is continuing its winning tradition, delivering an unparalleled combination of top returning series and new hit shows that are entertaining huge audiences on both broadcast and streaming. “It is a testament to the stellar work being done by our best-in-class talent in front of and behind the camera that we have had yet another exceptional season. “I know we will only continue to build on this foundation of outstanding programming as we look ahead toward next fall.” The network is looking forward to another successful year as the NCIS duo are just two of the shows given a renewal. Relative newcomer CSI: Vegas has also been given a vote of confidence as a third season of the spin-off has been ordered. DON'T MISS:Kevin Costner’s lawyer hits back at claim star ‘delaying’ Yellowstone [COMMENT]1000lb Sisters’ Amy admits Tammy’s weight loss will ‘exceed’ hers [INSIGHT]Bridgerton’s Nicola Coughlan lands new Channel 4 comedy role [LATEST] They join the previously announced new seasons for actioners The Equalizer, FBI, FBI: International and FBI: Most Wanted. Plus, SEAL Team’s Max Thieriot will be returning in his instant-hit firefighter drama Fire Country for a second season later this year. Comedy staples Young Sheldon, Ghosts, The Neighborhood, Bob Hearts Abishola and So Help Me Todd have also been given the greenlight to return. Finally, unscripted shows Survivor, The Amazing Race, Tough As Nails and game show Lingo will also continue. NCIS and NCIS: Hawaii’s renewal comes as a no-brainer for CBS as they still continue to pull in strong numbers for the network. However, millions of fans were disappointed earlier this year when it was confirmed original spin-off NCIS: Los Angeles would be coming to an end. The current 14th season will conclude the drama this year, bringing an end to G Callan (Chris O’Donnell), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and the rest of their team’s stories. NCIS and NCIS: Hawaii continue Mondays on CBS in the USA and are available to stream on Disney+ in the UK.