Rishi Sunak today promoted trade minister Greg Hands to be the new Conservative Party chairman more than a week after Nadhim Zahawi was sacked over his tax affairs. The Hammersmith and Fulham MP is seen as a safe pair of hands by colleagues and has long experience of organising election campaigns in London. With the clock ticking for a general election next year Mr Hands will have the task of getting the Tory campaign machine together to be fighting fit as the party tries to overcome a 21-point lead for Labour in the polls. Mr Hands tweeted: "I am excited to be asked by Rishi Sunak to be chairman of the Conservatives. "I joined the Party in 1986 - a ward chairman in 1992, a councillor in 1998, a Group Leader in 1999, an MP in 2005, a Minister in 2011 - an honour to chair it in 2023! The work starts right away." Meanwhile, outspoken Red Wall MP Lee Anderson has been appointed deputy Tory chair. The reshuffle was supposed to have been wrapped up by 10.30am but was delayed, with Mr Sunak moving his weekly Cabinet meeting from this morning to 3pm. READ MORE: Truss blasts Tory rivals for rejecting her push to slash taxes  The main element of the reshuffle saw the business, trade and culture departments restructured into four different ministries. Grant Shapps, who had been business secretary, will now be the Energy Security and Net Zero Secretary. Michelle Donelan switches from Culture Secretary to Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, a new department.  With the Department for International Trade being abolished, Kemi Badenoch has been promoted to lead the joint Department for Business and Trade. She remains as President of the Board of Trade, and Minister for Women and Equalities. Lucy Frazer has been made Culture Secretary in a department that will now focus on the creative arts and sport, without responsibility for digital technology. READ MORE: Truss snubs Biden saying she 'didn't have time' for his commentary Downing Street said that the creation of four new departments would "ensure the right skills and teams are focused on the Prime Minister's five promises". A new Department for Energy Security and Net Zero will be tasked with securing the UK's long-term energy supply, as well as "bringing down bills and halving inflation". A new Department for Science, Innovation and Technology meanwhile will "drive the innovation that will deliver improved public services, create new and better-paid jobs and grow the economy". The Department for Business and Trade will "support growth by backing British businesses at home and abroad, promoting investment and championing free trade", while the new-look Department for Culture, Media and Sport will "recognise the importance of these industries to our economy and build on the UK's position as a global leader in the creative arts".  DON'T MISS:Brexit charm offensive working as Starmer holds lead in best PM poll [REVEAL]Even Inspector Clouseau would see what Pink Panther fan Boris is up to [INSIGHT]POLL – Should BP and Shell face windfall tax after massive profits?  [REACT]  The Prime Minister is also under pressure from Northern Conservative MPs to keep his promise to create a Minister for the North made during the summer leadership campaign against Liz Truss. In a letter to Mr Sunak, the executive board of the Northern Research Group chaired by Carlisle MP John Stevenson and including former party chairman Sir Jake Berry, Mr Sunak was reminded that the levelling up process has not yet finished. They said: "This summer you signed a pledge to us that you would deliver a Minister for the North at Cabinet level. We are writing today to make sure you come good on that promise." Dominic Raab survived the reshuffle as Mr Sunak has indicated he will wait for the outcome of an inquiry into the Deputy Prime Minister's conduct before taking any action. Mr Raab, who is also the Justice Secretary, is being investigated by senior lawyer Adam Tolley KC over bullying allegations against civil servants, which he denies. Mr Sunak's pledge to govern with "integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level" when he entered No 10 more than 100 days ago has been damaged by the furore over Mr Zahawi's tax affairs and the bullying claims dogging Mr Raab. The Prime Minister sacked Mr Zahawi last week after an investigation by Sir Laurie Magnus, the independent adviser on ministers' interests, concluded that he had breached the ministerial code by failing to be transparent about the multimillion-pound settlement with HM Revenue and Customs reached while he was chancellor, which included paying a penalty. 