Nicola Bulley, 45, has been missing a fortnight today after disappearing while walking her dog by the River Wyre earlier this month. Dan Walker, 45, has shared an insight into his "heartbreaking" conversation, with Paul Ansell promising he will "never give up" looking for Nicola. Dan took to Twitter to share three pictures of himself with Paul at his home, along with the dog Willow, who Nicola was last seen with. He captioned the post in view of his 787,400 followers: "It was heartbreaking to interview Paul Ansell for our special programme on his missing partner, Nicola Bulley. "Paul is going through hell but says 'Nicky would never give up on us so we will never give up on her'. "Vanished: Where Is Nicola Bulley? Tonight at 9pm Channel 5." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Lisa Riley terrified after she required four surgeries A preview clip has also been shared of the special programme, with Paul admitting that he and his family are going through "unprecedented hell". He also shared that he is "100 per cent convinced that Nicola did not fall into the water." Paul said: "But that hope and that positivity in me is stronger than ever, and I’m never, ever going to let go. "Nikki would never give up on us ever. She wouldn’t give up on anybody. And we’re not gonna ever give up on her like, we’re going to find her. "There has to be a way to find out what happened, there has to be. You cannot, you cannot walk your dog down a river and just vanish into thin air. Something happened that day, something…" Nicola was last seen walking her dog Willow after dropping her daughters off at school in the small village of St Michaels on Wyre, Lancashire on January 27. As the search continues, it has now expanded to the Irish Sea, with Lancashire Police launching a massive search and being seen combing the river bank, utilising dive teams, search dogs, drones and boats. Police have said their "main working hypothesis" was that she fell in a river, but a body has not yet been found. DON'T MISS... Fern Britton's ex Phil Vickery gets cryptic in surprising tweet [COMMENT] Ola Jordan wears sexy lingerie to go shopping as James issues warning [PICS] Jamie Lee Curtis' co-star told her she had ‘funny legs’ [INSIGHT] The Police are still keeping an open mind on the case, with friends of the Lancashire mother releasing a fresh plea today for "crucial" dashcam footage. Her friend Emma White told BBC Radio 4's Today Programme that the mystery surrounding what has happened to Nicola is very "frustrating" with the searching feeling "like torture". She said: "We just need Nikki home for her two beautiful girls who want their mummy. "It's just a rollercoaster, it's almost like torture - just unimaginable frustration in the sense that everyone's come together working so hard, from the police community to people on the ground looking, you expect to be rewarded for when you put hard work in. "So we just need something, anything - a piece of information that can lead us down a different inquiry." Nicola's phone was found still connected to a work Teams call on a bench on a riverbank overlooking the water, along with the dog lead and harness on the ground. Police have dismissed suggestions Nicola was a victim of crime, but detectives said they remain "fully open-minded" to any information that indicates where she is or what happened to her. Nicola's family called in help from Peter Faulding, a rescue and forensic search specialist, but after a three-day search earlier this week, no trace was found.