Arsenal defender William Saliba was involved in an angry bust-up with centre-back partner Gabriel following the loss to Leicester, according to reports. It is claimed the pair exchanged words and the Frenchman appeared to push his team-mate away at the final whistle. Arsenal picked up another vital three points in their quest to win their first Premier League title in 19 years. Gabriel Martinelli scored the only goal of the game immediately after half-time. The Gunners extended their lead at the top of the table to five points before Manchester City again closed the gap with a 4-1 win at Bournemouth in the late kick-off. Arsenal had gone six games in all competitions without a clean sheet. But that seemingly wasn't enough to please their centre-back duo. The Athletic reports there were some angry words exchanged between Saliba and Gabriel. Saliba is said to have pushed Gabriel away over the disagreement. The incident was not brought up when Mikel Arteta spoke to the media after the match. READ MORE: Newcastle fans take over Trafalgar Square in their thousands ahead of final  Saliba and Gabriel have started every Premier League game so far this term. They have built up a strong partnership, with Saturday's win being their 10th clean sheet. Only this week did Saliba hail the connection he has made with Gabriel both on and off the pitch. He told Sky Sports: "Of course, we are friends. "When he came the first year I was there as well so we are friends and we are happy to play together. He speaks French as well so that’s easy. "But yeah I love to play with him. A really good player and good leader as well. I enjoy every game with him and with the other defenders as well." DON'T MISSMan Utd may have final advantage over Newcastle thanks to EFL rulesMan Utd coach McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes as impressive details emergeRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man Utd  Arteta was delighted to see a strong defensive display from his team at Leicester after a leaky few weeks at the back. He said: "I think defensively we were incredible because to restrict Leicester to one shot in the whole game is really difficult and I think the players did really well. "With set plays, and some sloppy goals with individual errors which are part of football. But the fact that we are not conceding goals and giving away chances is really important if you want to be constantly winning matches. "Against teams like Everton the way we conceded the goal and some set pieces was very avoidable. Sometimes the wave is created very far from the beach. "Then it’s too late to avoid what is going to happen. We had to improve on those things and today we’ve done that really well."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here