Six armed robbers raided the Brink’s-Mat security depot near Heathrow Airport on November 26, 1983. But the operation expanded beyond just the men carrying out the heist with money launderers and other associates used to pull off the high-scale robbery. To this day, the majority of the Brink’s-Mat gold still hast been recovered such was the intricacy of the operation. Among those linked to the Brink’s-Mat robbery was John Palmer (played by Tom Cullen), who was seen in the first episode melting down gold bullion and then selling it on. Palmer, who was known by the nickname ‘Goldfinger’ sold gold to a jeweller in the BBC series, telling him it had been in the family for a period of time. The real-life Palmer ran a gold and jewellery company called Scadlynn Ltd in Bristol. He ran the business with his partners Garth Victor Chappell and Terence Edward James Patch. READ MORE: Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest Chappell was later jailed for handling the stolen gold, alongside Kenneth Noye and two others in the aftermath of the Brink's-Mat robbery, the BBC reported. Police officers were investigating Scadlynn Ltd’s records as the authorities tried to track down the stolen gold. However, Palmer fled to Tenerife before he could be apprehended by the police shortly before the authorities launched a raid on his company. He left the country with his family and sold up his jewellery shops while he was on holiday. READ MORE: BBC series The Gold features both fictional and real-life figures Palmer continued to try and evade the authorities after Spain signed an extradition treaty to send him back to the UK. His attempts to move to Brazil were scuppered after he was refused entry for travelling on an expired passport. Palmer was then taken back to Britain, where he was put on trial for his part in the Brink’s-Mat robbery. During the court case in 1987, he didn’t deny smelting the gold but managed to convince the jury he didn’t know it was stolen. Palmer went so far as to blow a kiss to the jury from the dock after his verdict was read to him. After this, he built a timeshare scheme in Tenerife, which saw his wealth soaring and even earning him a place on the Sunday Times Rich List putting him on par with Queen Elizabeth II. Palmer later ended up behind bars in 2001 for his timeshare scam serving eight years in prison Later in 2007, he was arrested and charged with fraud, money laundering and firearm possession, BBC News reported. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [INSIGHT] Palmer was murdered in 2015 in the garden of his home in Essex after he was shot six times. He was aged 64 when he died and was survived by his long-time Christina Ketley and their son James. Palmer also had two daughters from his marriage to his ex-wife Marnie. At the inquest into his death, Palmer was said to have been burning documents in his back garden when he was killed in the execution. The Brink’s-Mat case remains open to this day with the case never being sold and only some of the perpetrators held responsible. The Gold airs on Sundays on BBC One at 9pm and is available to watch as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer