Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool have reportedly made preliminary contact with the representatives of Barcelona youngster Ansu Fati. The winger is one of the finest academy products to emerge at Barca in recent years, but persistent financial hurdles could force the Catalan giants to cash in. Upon making his debut in 2019 at the age of 16, Fati became the youngest player to turn out for Barcelona since 1941. His impact was immediate, too, as he notched seven La Liga goals during his debut campaign and completely bypassed the traditional route of graduating from the club's B team. The 20-year-old's progress has been stunted by injury in recent years, with a devastating meniscal laceration keeping him out for 10 months and subsequent hamstring injuries restricting his game time last campaign. Fati is back playing regular football this term, although the likes of Raphinha, Gavi and Ousmane Dembele have made starts hard to come by. READ MORE: Elon Musk net worth is 7 times the royal family as Man Utd takeover eyed In the knowledge that they may have to cut next season's wage bill by a whopping £178million, auctioning Fati off in the summer could be a necessary evil for Xavi's Barcelona. The Spanish international is not one of the club's highest earners, but he may fetch a hefty £89m transfer fee which could also go towards balancing the books. According to transfer expert Ben Jacobs, a heavyweight Premier League trio of Man Utd, Liverpool and Arsenal have all made contact with the player's representatives. Barca naturally want to keep hold of their No 10, but it remains to be seen if their view is changed once money is slapped on the table. DON'T MISS...Man Utd turn to 'specialists' to assess Greenwood as interview plannedHarry Kane sent sobering Man Utd warning as Tottenham decision loomsChelsea have Joao Felix belief after devising 'summer transfer plan' United have recruited two high-profile wingers in the past two years with Antony joining Jadon Sancho at Old Trafford in the summer. Neither player has managed to wholly convince, however, which could prompt a reshuffle at the end of the season to make room for Fati. Liverpool lost Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich at the end of last term and Jurgen Klopp's side have looked lost without the Senegalese. Bringing in a player of Fati's calibre and potential could therefore breathe life back into the struggling Reds, although Champions League qualification may prove critical if they are to pip their two Premier League rivals to his signature.  Arsenal would be in a strong position to lodge a tempting offer if they power on to Premier League glory this season, with Mikel Arteta creating a harmonious environment in north London. That being said, Fati may take some convincing on how he would fit in around Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli. Elsewhere in the Premier League, Manchester City aren't currently credited with interest, but they have been in the past. Only time will tell whether manager Pep Guardiola's history with, and reluctance to hurt Barcelona comes into play if they decide to wade into the transfer battle.