Reports suggest Manchester City are expected to receive a "small points deduction" as punishment for over 100 alleged breaches of the Premier League's financial rules. Officials have now referred the current champions to an independent commission, who will eventually decide the fate of Pep Guardiola's side - although the process could still yet take several years to play out. City's alleged breaches took place between 2009 and 2018 and they are also accused of not cooperating with the investigation which began back in December 2018. The independent commission can issue a vast range of differing punishments from point deductions, stripping of titles and even expulsion. But according to Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol, the most likely outcome is that City will be slapped with a small points deduction that is unlikely to impact their current campaign. He said on Sky Sports News: "Manchester City are probably the richest club in the Premier League. READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges "Most Premier League clubs are very rich, fines are not really going to hurt them. "But overall the sense I am getting is that this will end up with Manchester City getting a small points deduction. "That is the feeling I am getting this evening. But as I said, at the outset, as far as the Premier League clubs are concerned and as far as people I've been speaking to within the world of football, people are saying 'look, it's not for us to get involved. Leave it to the independent commission.'" City say they are "surprised" by the issuing of the alleged breaches and they have now turned to lawyer Lord Pannick to defend them throughout the case. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesBenfica 'requested integral Chelsea midfielder' in Enzo Fernandez swap deal counter offerChelsea completed second discreet deadline day signing in addition to Enzo Fernandez Pannick will reportedly net up to £80,000 per day throughout proceedings as City seek to clear their name. A club statement released on Monday read: "Manchester City is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. "The club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. "As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." City were bought by the Abu Dhabi United Group back in September 2008, which is when their excessive spending began. Last month, the Premier League outfit would top the Deloitte money league - a table of the world's richest clubs in terms of revenue. That's when further eyebrows were raised after City pipped Real Madrid, Manchester United and Liverpool to top spot. Guardiola has previously declared he would be prepared to quit City if the club's hierarchy were guilty of participating in legitimate rule breaches.