Motorists across the UK have been urged to use a specific sat nav setting to save money on petrol and diesel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay around  164p per litre of unleaded and 170p per litre of diesel. According to the forecast, the price of petrol is expected to stay the same, while the price of diesel should fall further. With a lot of uncertainty surrounding the prices, Graham Conway, Managing Director of Select Car Leasing, urged drivers to select their sat nav route carefully. He said: “To avoid excessive fuel consumption, most modern-day sat-navs come with the option to select the fastest route, even taking traffic into consideration. “Avoiding sitting in standstill traffic can contribute to fuel-saving efforts, as your car drives most efficiently when in a higher gear - as opposed to crawling. READ MORE: Drivers should fill fuel tanks to the brim or risk costly damage “Some sat-navs will even allow you to select the most economical route to help you avoid fuel-stealing obstacles such as large hills and heavy stop-start traffic. “For example, there’s an ‘eco-friendly routing’ feature on Google Maps, which instructs drivers on the most economical route to take.” Mr Conway also provided drivers with a number of other tips that can be followed to save money on petrol and diesel. These are... The expert urged drivers to only top up what the car requires at any one time. DON'T MISS 10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW... [INSIGHT] Hybrid cars still have 'many benefits' over electric vehicles [REVEAL] Six winter driving laws that could see motorists face huge fines [WARNING] He said: “A top tip to keep up with your top-ups is to keep a consumption notebook in your glove box or keep a record on the notes app on your phone. “For every visit to the petrol station, note down how much fuel you put in your car to get from A-B. “In this ever-changing economy, be sure to record your fuel consumption in litres and not in pounds.” Mr Conway stressed that while supermarket fuel usually comes from the same refineries as the big brands like Shell or Esso, these brands will usually add a range of special additives to their own fuels in order to improve efficiency and performance - which is why they tend to cost more. READ MORE: New Clean Air Zone in Sheffield to launch within weeks The experts said: “If you have the incorrect tyre pressure, you'll be using more fuel to keep your car running smoothly. This is because of the added friction while driving that comes from an under-inflated tyre. “To know what the recommended tyre pressure is for your vehicle, first check your vehicle handbook. “Sometimes the pressure could be printed either in the sill of the driver's door or on the inside of the fuel tank flap. "Your vehicle manufacturer may also suggest different tyre pressures for your front and rear tyres so it is always worth doing your research.”  Mr Conway advised: “While the initial costs of trading-in your petrol or diesel-dependent vehicle for an electric vehicle may be high, the long-term financial benefits are sure to pay off. “It’s also why leasing an electric vehicle could be a much more affordable route into EV enjoyment. “An EV vehicle can save you money on fuel and it could also be more cost-effective to maintain. “That’s because there are fewer moving parts with an EV than with a traditional petrol or diesel-powered car, which often results in cheaper servicing costs.” 