 The US military has shot down an unidentified flying object in Michigan as it was flying over Lake Huron. This comes as the US and Canadian military are on high alert after shooting down three other flying objects over North American airspace in the past week.     According to Reuters, officials declined to reveal what the latest object looked like. It is also unknown whether the object was manoeuvrable or just floating with air currents. The object was “downed by pilots from the US Air Force and National Guard”, according to Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin. She tweeted to her 94 thousand followers: “The object has been downed by pilots from the US Air Force and National Guard. READ MORE: Queen carried spare gloves after embarrassment at royal wedding  “Great work by all who carried out this mission both in the air and back at headquarters. “We’re all interested in exactly what this object was and its purpose. “As long as these things keep traversing the US and Canada, I’ll continue to ask for Congress to get a full briefing based on our exploitation of the wreckage.” US and Canadian authorities have restricted airspace surrounding the lake, near the Canadian border, as aircraft attempted to identify the flying object. DON'T MISSAndrew 'hopes unsealed papers will demolish Virginia's story' [INSIGHT]Sturgeon told to take 'fair share' of Channel migrants [UPDATE]Leeds next manager - Nuno's stance on job emerges before Man Utd clash [REVEAL]  Prior to this incident, an unidentified flying object was taken down by F-22 fighter planes within Canadian airspace on Saturday. On Sunday, the Canadian military were attempting to reach pieces of the vessel in a remote, rugged area of Yukon. The object had been flying at 40,000ft in Canadian territory and was considered to be a risk to civilian air traffic. Searches by the US military are also continuing in difficult circumstances off the coasts of South Carolina and Alaska in the wake of the two previous interceptions. However, Washington has previously stated that the unidentified objects shot down over Alaska and Canada did not resemble the presumed Chinese spy balloon downed on February 4 about six miles off the South Carolina coast.  