Jadon Sancho has broken his long silence with an emotional message after returning to action for Manchester United this week. The 22-year-old made his first appearance since October against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday and has now ended his social media hiatus. Sancho hadn't played for United since the 1-1 draw at Chelsea over three months ago as he trained individually to improve his mental and physical well-being. But Erik ten Hag finally deemed him ready to return midweek, introducing him as part of a triple substitution that inspired the hosts to a 2-0 win against Forest at Old Trafford. His focus on turning his fortunes around on the pitch was emphasised by his social media silence, not posting since September. But he returned to Instagram and Twitter tonight with a new profile picture featuring Ten Hag, sending a heartfelt message to fans. He wrote: "Wow! Just want to say a massive thank you to everyone for the support I've received over the past few weeks, especially to the fans. "My focus is to give my all to my team and the club. I'm so happy to be back out on the pitch. See you soon." DON'T MISS: Chelsea new boy Fernandez starts vs Fulham as Aubameyang axed Sancho emerged after 63 minutes alongside Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial, playing for half an hour as United booked their place in this month's Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium. He was all smiles as he shared a joke with Ten Hag on the touchline before receiving a momentous ovation from the Old Trafford crowd as he took to the pitch. And featuring the Dutchman in his profile picture indicates their positive relationship as he attempts to unlock the potential that prompted United to splash £72million to sign him from Borussia Dortmund last summer. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing! Sancho provides welcome attacking reinforcements as the Red Devils continue to challenge on all fronts, with seven games left to play this month. Before March arrives, United continue their battle for a top-four spot, face Newcastle United for Carabao Cup glory and host West Ham United in the FA Cup fifth round. They must also navigate past a two-legged tie against Barcelona to enter the Europa League last 16. With Sancho back in contention and the January loan captures of Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer, Ten Hag will hope he has enough firepower to maintain his side's winning habits over the coming months. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here