LeBron James has been tipped to create chaos when he reaches the record points total currently held by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. LA Lakers star James scored 28 points in his side's over-time win against New York Knicks on Tuesday, pulling himself within 89 points of the record.  James, who has scored an average of 33.7 points in his past 12 games, could reach the milestone against Abdul-Jabbar's former team - the Milwaukee Bucks. Abdul-Jabbar spent six years playing for the Bucks between 1969 and 1975 helping them to an NBA title before joining the Lakers and winning five more championships. It would be fitting if James beats the record points mark against the Bucks which comes in four matches time. Former NBA star and now pundit with television station TNT, Jamal Crawford says that James could throw social media into chaos by replicating Abdul-Jabbar's legendary skyhook shot to break his total. When talking about when James is going to break the record, Crawford said: "Against the Bucks that's who Karim played for, he had a lot of success. Le Bron may do a skyhook, you see him practicing that skyhook pre-game. If he does then Twitter is going to be in shambles. It's over. READ MORE: LeBron James held back by security after fan verbally abuses Los Angeles Lakers star   The LA Lakers have two home games against the Indiana Paces and New Orleans Pelicans before travelling to Oklahoma City Thunder on February 8. If James carries on his current average he could break Abdul-Jabbar's record against Thunder. However, Crawford is convinced that James will make history during the following game during a trip to the Bucks. He added: "He's going to do it against the Bucks in front of all his family and that's what is going down." He's one of the smartest players that we've ever seen so it's however he sees fit. In a picture perfect world I'd like to see him do it against the Bucks." DON'T MISS:  James seems less concerned about the record and more about improving the Lakers' form with his side sitting 13th in the Western division. During an interview with ESPN he said: "I want to win. The losing is not sitting well with me. "I don't like having accomplishments, and it don't feel right, when it comes in a losing effort. We've been playing some good basketball as of late, but we want to and I want to win at the highest level. Breaking records or setting records or passing greats in a losing effort has never been a DNA of mine." 