Pam Pritchard’s decade-long battle with the complexities of a broken social care system has left her disillusioned, dispirited and mistrusting. Like millions faced with agonising decisions about elderly loved ones, she had no idea who to turn to when her frail mum needed assistance in the final years of her life.  She now wants families battling similar problems given practical and emotional support after spending £600,000 on seven years of care she doesn’t believe was good enough. Her mum Sheila Rawdon initially had home help but after a fall Pam made the decision to put her into a home, with disastrous consequences. Retired Pam, 63, said: “We quickly discovered if you have no money you get help. But if you have sufficient money they will never help you. “Someone came round and did an assessment for mum and, as she had more than £23,000, basically said, ‘I am sorry I can’t talk – you have too much money’. “It was unbelievable and we suddenly found ourselves alone trying to navigate a benefit and care system with no idea where to start.”  Pam and her brother Philip found a company to provide assistance but were eventually forced to put their mum into care. She said: “We managed to find really nice domiciliary carers who would sit with her, play Scrabble and help with food and tablets. “But eventually there was something wrong with her back and she went into a home. We thought, ‘Where do we go?’ but eventually found one that seemed nice – but it turned out to be a nightmare. “Mum was essentially in prison. She was not allowed in the garden and used to say to her carers, ‘My ­parents know I am here’. “She was told – and this still haunts me – ‘Sheila, look in the ­mirror, how old do you think you are? They are both dead’. She banged her walking stick against the wall and was classified as aggressive. “I complained to the home and the Care Quality Commission but neither was fit for purpose.” Pam’s harrowing account comes as millions like her struggle to come to terms with dealing with a relative who suddenly needs costly, around-the-clock help.  Despite former health secretary Matt Hancock promising the Daily Express in 2019 to end the scandal of families forced to sell homes to pay for elderly care, no practical plans have been forthcoming. Many are still blindsided by the fact that while treatment for conditions such as cancer is universally free, those stricken by dementia are classed as social care and pay through the nose for help. Sir Andrew Dilnot led a 2011 review into social care funding under the Coalition Government but his long-awaited reforms were delayed in the Autumn Statement. He described the situation as “shameful”. His proposals included an £86,000 cap on personal care cost contributions and an expanded means test – more generous than the existing one – which had been due to come into effect from October. In a damning assessment that chimes with millions like mum-of-two Pam, he said the most vulnerable were “not being looked after properly”. Sheila spent 18 months at an £850-a-week home in Winchester before she was moved. But the final straw for Pam came after her mum was dumped at hospital, frightened and alone. She said: “My brother received a call saying she had been dropped at A&E in the middle of the night. “Mum eventually got a skin infection [at the home], a really bad rash which I think was caused by stress. “When I went to clear her room I found mould all over the back of her bed. Getting her out of that home was the very best thing we did.  “But I felt so guilty about putting her there in the first place.” Widowed former bookkeeper Sheila was diagnosed with mixed dementia in 2012. She died in 2020. Pam estimates the family spent an eye-watering £85,000 a year on her care home expenses. Fees at her last home in Southampton, which was shut to visitors during the pandemic, started at £1,400 but rose to £5,000 a month at the time of her death aged 93. Pam, of Titchfield, Hants, took out a £140,000 care annuity in 2014, which paid out £25,000 a year, but left her £60,000 short. So she used her mother’s ­pensions and proceeds from the £360,000 sale of her house to meet growing bills. She said: “Mum paid the price of growing old. I’m not sitting here thinking my money has disappeared, “I’m sitting here thinking this just wasn’t fair. I didn’t see this coming and it made me mistrust the system. “Even now I feel very jaded. There is no communication, no help, just a complex web to navigate and people have to do this alone. If we hadn’t sold mum’s house she would have run out of money. “The Government should be helping with lots of things, including finances. Dementia is a medical disease like cancer. There also needs to be proper regulation and training. It’s nothing short of an injustice.” 