A brand new teaser trailer for the upcoming episode of NCIS: Hawaii, titled Misplaced Targets, has promised an explosive face-off between Kai Holman (played by Alex Tarrant) and his vengeful nemesis. Unfortunately, the first look at the CBS drama’s return next week has disappointed fans of the series who are desperate to see Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) finally reunite. Fans may have to wait at least another week before their favourite couple are back together. Tara and Whistler were sadly wrenched apart on this season of NCIS: Hawaii due to the former accepting a job as a Special Agent Afloat. Her new rank has reportedly allowed Al-Bustami to focus on another acting role but has also forced the couple to take a break from their relationship for the time being. Many NCIS enthusiasts were left disappointed on Monday night when a new trailer after the latest episode failed to check in with either the pair, who are affectionately dubbed ‘Kacy’.  Fans may have to wait at least another week before their favourite couple are back together. Tara and Whistler were sadly wrenched apart on this season of NCIS: Hawaii due to the former accepting a job as a Special Agent Afloat. Her new rank has reportedly allowed Al-Bustami to focus on another acting role but has also forced the couple to take a break from their relationship for the time being. Many NCIS enthusiasts were left disappointed on Monday night when a new trailer after the latest episode failed to check in with either the pair, who are affectionately dubbed ‘Kacy’. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Once the new promo was released, Twitter user @gini__us exclaimed: “They are really having all Lucy/Kacy’s stuff pretty much hidden! Me like it, but also me like it not!” (sic) @shipswlw tweeted: “If we don't get a Kacy reunion in 2x13, then we really clowned hard! “I have my profile pic ready for when that happens. Like I know Lucy and Kate are in the ep, but will they reunite/have a reunion is the question????” @Jessmuir0407 said: “I miss ‘Kacy’ so much. They have been taken away from me for so long.”  And @SeulddeulgiChae pleaded: “Bring back Lucy Tara! I’ve lost it already, please I’m begging! I need her back! I need my ‘Kacy’ back!” While @kidsfromfame predicted: “The whole ep will be more focussed on Lucy on the boat. “And then we will get our Kacy reunion at the end. That’s what I’m thinking and I’m sure most of us fans are too.” A new synopsis for the episode has thankfully confirmed Tara will at least be making an appearance, even if she doesn’t return to shore. DON'T MISS:Derry Girls star ‘laughed for 20 minutes’ after bagging Disney role [EXCLUSIVE]Power Book 2 stars spark frenzy with season 4 first-look [LATEST]The Bachelor hits back after being branded ‘boring’ by fans [REACTION]  It reads: “Following a close call at a meth lab explosion, the NCIS team learns Kai is being targeted by his old friend-turned-criminal and must take him down. “[Meanwhile], Lucy gets her first big case aboard her aircraft carrier.” Tara’s return is definitely cause for celebration, and it should mean a reunion with Whistler is somewhere on the horizon. Plus, now Al-Bustami is back as a series regular, she shouldn’t be taking any more unexpected breaks throughout the rest of the season.  Her co-star Vanessa Lachey recently told TV Line: “She’s still here and she’s still around. “But we try to honour what [acting commitments Yasmine] has back on the mainland and maximise the time when she is here. “She’s here right now, and we just wrapped two massive water days where all of us were getting soaking wet.” It sounds like there’s plenty of action for Tara and Whistler to get stuck into coming up, but fans will just have to wait until next Monday to see if they’re finally getting their reunion. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.