Soon-to-be Chelsea star Christopher Nkunku is set to cause a stir upon his arrival at Stamford Bridge over the summer. The playmaker has reportedly penned a deal that will see him leave RB Leipzig for the Premier League at the end of the season, with his former side pocketing over £50million for his services. Nkunku’s arrival will see Todd Boehly’s total spending figure surpass the £500m mark, though his side’s performances suggest that money has not been invested well so far. Chelsea are currently ninth in the Premier League and 10 points outside of the top four, with questions already being raised about manager Graham Potter. Failing to secure Champions League football for next season is not expected to prompt The Blues into sacking the former Brighton boss, though it will impact the business that the club can conduct over the summer and the talent that they can attract. Though it will not impact Nkunku’s arrival. The former Paris Saint-Germain star is expected to play a central role in Chelsea’s rebuild, potentially at the expense of academy product Mason Mount. Nkunku has recently revealed that he believes he is best utilised as an attacking midfielder, which will ruffle some feathers. He told Football Manager: “I think that (attacking midfield) is a position that suits me well. Close to the goal behind a striker. That describes me as a player nicely so I always like playing in this role.” Mount prides himself on also being an attacking midfielder, though he could fall down the pecking order for that role after Nkunku arrives in London. The England international is struggling for confidence under Potter despite his regular game time, with many supporters calling for the No 10 to be dropped and younger players to be given the chance to step up. The 24-year-old has scored three and assisted two in 20 league appearances, though he could find his minutes diminish next season if Nkunku is able to hit the ground running in England. Though Mount may not be at the club at that stage, having reportedly rejected a contract extension from Chelsea recently. The No 19’s current deal expires in 2024 and numerous top clubs are keeping tabs on his situation, with Liverpool keen admirers of the midfielder. Mount is one of the lowest-paid players at Chelsea and would like his new contract to reflect his importance at the club, though negotiations are threatening to break down which could prompt a quickfire summer sale to ensure that his price does not depreciate after entering the final 12 months of his contract.