Manchester United have reportedly already knocked on the door of Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis as they look to beat both Chelsea and Bayern Munich to the summer signing of striker Victor Osimhen. This season, the Nigerian forward has spearheaded the Italian side’s Serie A title charge and his stunning displays have attracted a host of interest ahead of a potential £100million transfer at the end of the campaign. After United signed Wout Weghorst on loan from Burnley to replace Cristiano Ronaldo following his contract termination, Erik ten Hag had the Netherlands striker and Anthony Martial to call upon for the remainder of the season but striker reinforcements have been eyed in the summer. Harry Kane has been mentioned in a shortlist but Osimhen may be a more attainable target for a move to the Premier League. United appear to have started laying the groundwork for a potential transfer for Osimhen, as Italian outlet Il Mattino claim that both Ten Hag’s outfit and Bayern Munich “have already knocked” on the door of De Laurentiis. However, the Napoli chief has postponed any talk over a possible sale until the end of the season as his side focuses on the remainder of their campaign, having amassed a 15-point lead at the top of the table. Their immediate attention however will be on this evening's crunch clash with Eintracht Frankfurt for a place in the Champions League quarter-finals. The report, meanwhile, claims that Osimhen would cost around £123m. It is currently not clear if United will be able to afford that price given the club's uncertain financial position. Current club owners the Glazer family are considering selling a majority share of the club and have received offers including bids from Qatar and Jim Ratcliffe. Osimhen himself has refused to rule out a summer exit though, after scoring 18 goals in 19 league appearances so far this season. "When you are doing so well, top clubs around the world are watching, mostly in the top five leagues," Osimhen told ESPN.  "And to be able to attract interest from these top clubs shows that I am doing great and it gives me the motivation to do even more for myself and my team. "But I am focused on Napoli right now and they have the final say. I just want to help my team to win matches and win trophies. At the end of the season, we will see what is going to happen, but that is not up to me. It is for the club to decide." Napoli could be prepared to cash in on the 24-year-old as his value may be at its highest at the end of the season, especially if his impressive form continues at its current level.