Channel 5 recently aired a special episode looking back at the many memories of the BBC sitcom Open All Hours which starred Ronnie Barker as shopkeeper Arkwright. David Jason played his loveable nephew Granville, however, when initially taking on the role David felt he was too old. The much-loved series aired 50 years ago and pulled in 17 million viewers who watched the antics of the corner shop owned by Albert Arkwright. However, before embarking on the role of Granville, David had his concerns about whether he was too old for the role. During the Channel 5 special, David explained: "I wasn't quite as young as I once used to be, let's put it that way. "I thought I was too old to play it, meaning, if Granville was delivering groceries at that age, would he be not as bright maybe? READ MORE: Happy Valley star explains Faisal's ending was 'kept open' "That was the thing that held me back and I explained this to the director and to Ronnie and they both understood. "[They] said it will work, it will be alright and those fears were to rest and I just, well we just all loved it." Touching on their memories of the loveable Granville, actress Sherrie Hewson expressed: "He was such a man-boy, he never grew up." Nadia Wadia, who played Mrs Hussein in Still Open All Hours, added: "He was basically at the beck and call of Arkwright because he had to do what Arkwright asked him to do. "He was an apprentice in a way but you could see he was a bit of a dreamer and wanted to have a better life and move out of that shop." Maggie Ollerenshaw, who starred as Mavis, expressed: "He was a bit of a dreamer, wanted out of that situation and not seeing how that could happen." David opened up about what he wanted to bring to the character and admitted he didn't want him to be a "cut out". "That wishful thing of Granville dreaming and going off on a little mental journey, that was something that I tried to hang on to with the character. DON'T MISS...Countryfile backlash as fans scream at BBC over Adam mining segment [LATEST]Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [WATCH] "To give him three dimensions really to make sure he wasn't a cardboard cut out. He had handed down not only his coat but his whole persona to Granville. "It was seen to be so right and it was a lovely thing to say a lovely day, switch the lights out and go to bed and tomorrow is another day," David remembered. Viewers of the show were delighted to see David speak about his time on the show and took to their Twitter pages to express their love for his character. @MrsRH shared: "Thank you @channel5_tv the #OpenAllHours programme was just fantastic! A series that began before I was born, but I have loved it for as long as I can remember #RonnieBarker and #DavidJason were the perfect partnership and #RoyClarke, just genius." Timothy Saxby praised: "I’m loving this documentary on Channel 5 about Open All Hours tonight! Reminded me of the time Roy Clarke kindly wrote me a letter of encouragement when I was struggling at university with my own projects. #OpenAllHours #StillOpenAllHours." @CallMeMavis99 commented: "Wow! 50 years of #OpenAllHours! What a stunning piece of TV and great to see some of the guys back." David Bernard added: "Well well well... 50 years of iconic memories from #OpenAllHours. David Jason always has my heart." (sic) Open All Hours: 50 Years of Laughter is available to watch on My5.