Ex-Labour MP Jared O'Mara has been jailed for four years for making fraudulent expenses claims to fund an "extensive" cocaine habit while in office. O'Mara, who represented Sheffield Hallam from 2017 to 2019, was convicted of six counts of fraud. The court heard that the 41-year-old was in thousands of pounds in debt to a drug dealer and submitted fraudulent invoices to the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA), the body which regulates MPs' business costs and pay. Leeds Crown Court heard O'Mara made four claims for a total of £19,400 from a "fictitious" organisation called Confident About Autism South Yorkshire. A jury found he also submitted a false contract of employment for his friend John Woodliff, pretending he worked as a constituency support officer.  O'Mara was cleared to two counts of fraud. O'Mara's co-defendant, Gareth Arnold, was found guilty of three counts of fraud and not guilty of three. John Woodliff, 46, was cleared of a single charge of fraud. Prosecutors said the total value of the fraud was about £52,000, including Mr Woodliff's proposed salary of £28,000. READ MORE: Prosecutor James Bourne-Arton said the fraud was not a victimless crime and that it had an impact on other MPs "because it undermines public trust and confidence in them". Mark Kelly KC, defending O'Mara, said he wanted to apologise to his constituents "for his failure to resign in October 2017" when controversial comments he made online before becoming an MP were revealed.  He told the court: "When he felt that he was being hounded by the media, whether that is the case or not, he felt under pressure from the media for certain circumstances that had come to light." But Judge Tom Bayliss KC said the apology was "entirely disingenuos". He told the court: "You must have realised early on that you were wholly unsuited to the role, but you carried on regardless, you brazened it out, drawing a salary but doing little or no parliamentary work. "You are not here because of that and I do not aggravate your position because of it. It is irrelevant to these proceedings. "That is a matter between you and those who elected you. You are here because you abused your position to commit fraud. And you have shown not the slightest degree of remorse in respect of that." He said the fraud was "cynical, deliberate and dishonest," and that O'Mara's autism did not reduce his culpability.  