Jake Paul’s net worth is three times greater than major British athletes Emma Raducanu and George Russell. The YouTuber-turned-boxer has a total worth of somewhere in excess of £30million. Meanwhile, tennis ace Raducanu and F1 star Russell are both believed to be worth in the region of £12million thanks to their high-profile careers and sponsorship deals. During the 2010s, Jake and his brother Logan Paul began creating content online and quickly became two of the biggest social media influencers in the world. Through his popular Vine comedy skits, Jake landed a role on the Disney Channel's hit show Bizaardvark before making the move to YouTube where he generated the majority of his following from. At the time of writing, Paul has over 20 million YouTube subscribers, 25 million plus Instagram followers and nearly 5 million fans on Twitter. In 2018, the year when he first started his boxing training, he was included on the Forbes Magazine’s list of highest-earning influencers and has remained on the list ever since. The Problem Child currently finds himself ranked in the No10 spot behind the likes of Addison Rae, Charli D’Amelio and MrBeast. During the course of his professional boxing career, Paul has gone 6-0 as a pro and 1-0 in white-collar boxing. From his seven fights, he is said to have amassed a total purse of around £10million and is set for his career-highest payday against long-term rival Tommy Fury. Paul is expected to pocket roughly £3million for the long-awaited grudge match, which takes place on February 26 at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia. The fight has been almost two years in the making and looks set to finally takes place after failed attempts to get it over the line in December 2021 and August 2022. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul and Fury shake on money-spinning bet ahead of Saudi grudge match Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rival Haye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activity Speaking ahead of the bout, Paul said: “We’ve picked this guy apart. We’ve studied him. He makes a lot of mistakes. He’s great on offense. He’s got a great jab. Lots of combos. Speed. Good footwork. Good movement. He’s a good boxer, but he’s not a great boxer. His lack of defence and lack of head movement is going to be exposed on Sunday.”   “I always take every fight seriously,” he added. “I’ve fought UFC champions. Tyron Woodley was winning the UFC championship when I was on Disney Channel. So, when Tommy says that he’s been doing this his whole life, none of that means anything to me. “I’ve always trained harder and tougher than all of my opponents. And I want it more. I have more of a why. I have more of a purpose. I’m Tommy’s end goal. This is the biggest opportunity of his life. He’s never been on a stage like this. He’s never gotten a payday like this. He was getting paid peanuts compared to this.”