Kylian Mbappe had previously urged his Paris Saint-Germain team-mates to give themselves the best chance possible of beating Bayern Munich by eating and sleeping well in preparation for the game. So reading about his team-mate Neymar's antics just hours after the game is not likely to have gone down well with the PSG star as the club's problems continue on the pitch. The Brazilian was spotted attending a £9,000 poker event on Wednesday, before he was caught grabbing a bite to eat at a nearby McDonald's branch with a group of friends later in the evening. Judging by the hood draped over his head in the Instagram photo, it certainly looked like the 31-year-old didn't want to be seen. Some might say he was more visible than in PSG's 1-0 defeat to Bayern Munich in the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie, with Neymar and Lionel Messi anonymous in the two-man attack. It was only when a half-fit Mbappe - rushed back from injury amid the club's poor run of form - entered the fray that the French champions showed any sign of life. Only days before, Mbappe had sounded a rallying cry to his team-mates to prepare in the best way for the game in front of their fans. READ MORE: Neymar and Kylian Mbappe face uncomfortable PSG reunion “Now we need all our players to be healthy and we are going to go to Munich to qualify," he said earlier this week, via AS. "Above all, all our players must be in good health, that they all sleep well, eat well." While the 24-year-old referenced "all" of his team-mates, some took it as a coded message to certain members of the squad who needed to improve in their matchday preparation. The two players have clashed before and in this case, Neymar's concoction of McDonald's and a night at the poker table might not be the best recipe for squad harmony. And Neymar's performance was indicative of a player who is enduring a difficult time in a turbulent period at the club. The Brazil international confirmed he had exchanged words in a row with sporting director Luis Campos following their 3-1 defeat to Monaco at the weekend, with the dressing room split in their support of the pair. It emerged that PSG were looking to sell Neymar this summer in favour of keeping Messi and Mbappe at the club, although such reports have been denied by the Parisian outfit, according to CBS Sports' Ben Jacobs. DON'T MISSPSG senior players 'unhappy' with four team-mates as unrest growsKylian Mbappe's translated Instagram post is confusing Man Utd fansMbappe thwarting PSG bid to keep Messi as clubs 'whisper in ears' But Neymar's presence in the team seems to be causing a divide, with past players now beginning to air their frustrations. Former PSG player Jerome Rothen hit out at the world's most expensive footballer, accusing him of failing to take criticism of his performances. “It is not the first time that he has urinated on the club, the players, its leaders, its coach, the medical staff... but above all on all the fans of Paris Saint-Germain. It saddens me to see this," Rothen told RMC Sport. “He doesn't want to understand things. You can criticise him or tell him what's wrong, he doesn't want to hear anything. The problem is that since he arrived, no one at the club has told him that this isn't right, or that this isn't going well." But that could be about to change after his latest public appearance appeared to defy Mbappe's wishes, with Neymar possibly facing a stern telling off from his PSG team-mate when he next shows up at the club's training complex in Poissy.