Lucas Tindall was vocal in supporting his doting father as Mike took part in a charity football match. The adorable boy, who turns two next month, was photographed watching with his mum Zara the Battle of the Balls game from the stands at New Meadow Park. In one cute snap taken at the Gloucester City ground, the toddler can be seen yelling in the footballers' direction while Mike was playing. In another, the rowdy boy can be seen attempting to scale over the fence separating the stands from the pitch. And in a third, Lucas was spotted being cuddled by his mum while eating an ice lolly. Lucas, who donned a dark-coloured hoodie, a matching pair of trousers and trainers, wasn't the only young Tindall cheering for the former rugby player. Mia, nine, was spotted at the stadium and even took to the pitch to show off her skills. She did so last year, after she watched most of the match from the team's benches. And Lena, four, looked on as the game was unfolding, sitting on the terrace and enjoying a rainbow swirl lollipop. The yearly Battle of the Balls charity event pit the World of Football team against the World of Rugby squad in a bid to raise money for Rugby for Heroes. READ MORE: Sussexes 'scathing attacks' triggered 'seismic fractures' with William This charity supports service people transitioning back into civilian life, as it teaches them how to become rugby coaches and earn a living as civilians. During this year's match, Mike led as captain fellow former rugby players, with their team being overseen by football manager Harry Redknapp. On the other hand, Mike's rivals were led by ex-Brighton and Hove footballer Ken Blackburn. Mike and Zara, who got married in 2011, candidly shared in January they aren't planning on having any more children. Zara appeared in the first episode of Mike Drop, a new show released on Magic Millions' YouTube channel and led by her husband. In it, the rugby World Cup winner discussed with Zara her career as an equestrian and how being a mum affected it. He then joked: "And now that you have gelded your stallion and you there is going to be no more children coming down the line..." Zara, interrupting her husband, quipped: "You've gelded yourself!" Laughing, Mike put the spotlight back on his wife's career, asking her what her "drive is now" and whether she has "any other itches" she needs to scratch as an equestrian.