Daniela Ruah has been in NCIS Los Angeles as Agent Kensi Blye from the very beginning, alongside Agents Callen (Chris O'Donnell) and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J). While it has been announced the CBS police procedural will soon be no more, there are still plenty of episodes to air. Kensi and Agent Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) are going to be the main focus when NCIS LA returns for In The Name of Honour. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles' Kensi Blye actress Daniela Ruah is 1.73m tall which is equivalent to 5ft 8in. Her onscreen husband Marty Deeks who is played by actor Eric Christian Olsen is 6ft 1in and so is their co-star Cool J. Whereas fellow original cast member O'Donnell is around 6ft and Agent Devin Roundtree star Caleb Castille is 5ft 9. In comparison, Ruah is a lot taller than her female co-stars on the NCIS LA set. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending Actress Medalion Rahimi who plays Fatimia Namazi is thought to be just over 5ft 5in tall. Operations Manager Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt), who was diagnosed with hypopituitary dwarfism as a teenager, is the shortest cast member at 4ft 9in. But their former co-star actress Renee Felice Smith who was behind Nell Jones, wasn't too much taller as she was 5ft 1in. As previously mentioned, Kensi and Fatima are going to be at the heart of the next episode of NCIS Los Angeles. CBS has revealed NCIS Los Angeles season 14, episode 12, will be called In the Name of Honour. The synopsis reads: "The NCIS team must quickly find Kensi and Fatima after they are kidnapped and drugged while searching for a missing Navy lieutenant who they learn has ties to a dangerous Islamic militia." But will the agents be able to get to them in time before the pair are seriously hurt? Unfortunately, there is still some time to go before this episode will air. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [REACTION]NCIS LA’s Admiral Kilbride to reconnect with estranged son [SPOILER]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘frustrated’ as Lucy missing from promo [EXPLAINER] NCIS LA was last seen for episode 11, Best Seller, on Sunday, January 15, on CBS. Since then, no new episodes have aired, leaving viewers eager to know when it will make a comeback. In the Name of Honour isn't going to come out this weekend sadly but the end is in sight. NCIS LA will be returning for episode 12 on Sunday, February 19, in its usual time slot. While the drama has been off screen, CBS announced that NCIS LA would be coming to an end after 14 years on air. Season 14 will be the drama's last ever series with the show being cancelled, much to viewers' disappointment. The series is going to take its final bow on Sunday, May 14. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.