The UK is edging closer to a deal with the EU over the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol, with Brexiteer MPs saying a deal with the bloc is possible. The European Research Group - a powerful group of Brexiteer backbench MPs - met tonight to discuss an impending deal on the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol. Unionist leader Jeffrey Donaldson, who met with the group tonight, said "progress has been made". While he warned there is still a "long way to go", he said he "commends the Prime Minister for the work he has done". He confirmed a major sticking point for the DUP is that goods produced in Northern Ireland that are destined for the internal market must be governed by UK law. Meanwhile, ERG leader Mark Francois said MPs would "like to find a way through". However, he noted that neither the ERG nor the DUP had seen any details of the deal, something which is understood to have frustrated members of the Tory party. Mr Sunak has been locked in talks with the EU in a last ditch attempt to solve ongoing issues with the legislation. Mr Francois said: "Across the parliamentary party we all want to see a solution to this. We would all like to find a way through. "Any MP worth their salt want a to see a deal first if they’re going to vote on it. "We would be very keen to read a legal text. When we’ve had a chance to do that we can give you an opinion too." DUP leader Mr Donaldson said: "We do have the protocol bill still with us in parliament, so what happens in these negotiations has implications for that. “I must say I am delighted with the level of support we have received. There is a very clear understanding about the issues that need to be addressed and resolved” “I want to commend the PM for the work he has done. Progress has been made but there is still a long way to go. We will work with the government to ensure we get the right outcome. An outcome that meets our seven tests. “I have not seen any texts. I can’t say to you tonight that this is agreed or that is agreed. “We’re not driven by any timetable. We want to get this right “We are continuing to engage with the government “I had people tell me a year ago that the EU would never renegotiate the protocol. And here we are. I don’t subscribe to the never ever view. There is the potential to resolve this issue.” Former Chief Secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke said "there is still a long way to go," adding that a deal is a "substantial risk" without further progress on "something the DUP can support". He stated that the Northern Ireland Protocol legislation - which would allow the Government to torpedo the deal altogether - is “preferable”. “I do want to commend the prime minister. In fairness to him he came to Ni last week. He opened the door for us to be able to input our views. That is a positive development and we will continue to engage with the government “ On his way out of the meeting, Former Chief Secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke told journalists "there is still a long way to go," adding that a deal is a "substantial risk" without further progress on "something the DUP can support". He stated that the Northern Ireland Protocol legislation - which would allow the Government to torpedo the deal altogether - is “preferable”. It is understood that around 50 MPs were in the meeting.  But the meeting took place against a background of tensions for the Prime Minister over the issue. Around 100 Tory MPs, including ERG members, have threatened to rebel against a compromise that does not satisfy the DUP. Just before the meeting Express.co.uk learnt that two junior members of the ministerial team were discussing resigning over the Prime Minister's handling of the issue. There were also reports that Home Secretary Suella Braverman, previous a Brexit Spartan who held out against Theresa May's compromise, has also threatened to quit. A senior member of the ERG told Express.co.uk that the group would stick by the DUP's demands. The MP said: "We have been allies with the DUP for a long time now." The ERG member also said that Mr Donaldson "answered all the questions directly and it was a very positive atmosphere." He added: "It was very clear where the DUP stand." The briefing is a warning to Mr Sunak that he needs to get sign off from the DUP for any deal he strikes with Brussels or face a massive revolt in his own party.