A baby boy has grown to the size of an eight-year-old, forcing his mother to buy XXXL nappies for the 16-month-old child. In only a year and four months, Muhammad Kenzi Alfaro has gained a mammoth 60lbs - almost triple the weight of an average baby. In a video gone viral and filmed in their home in Bandung Regency, Indonesia, his mother Patriah can be seen giggling while struggling to get him into an upright position. The boy is eventually lifted onto his feet for a brief moment, wearing a green T-shirt with the number 2 on it that appears to be a few sizes too small.  As his family rallies around him to care for him, he eats food and plays with his toys. His mother is seen attempting to pull down his T-shirt as the camera pans in on his swelling hands and feet. His parents have had difficulty carrying him around as he no longer fits in his stroller. His mother Kenzi described how they were unable to lift him and that his child cannot walk by himself. Kenzi's birth weight of 10 pounds was considerable but not unusual as most babies weigh between five and eight pounds. READ MORE: Rottweilers reported to council months before mauling baby to death According to The Sun, his mum said: "His father's body is also small. His father's clothes just fit him, sometimes they are also worn on my son." She said finding nappies of the right size was a struggle. She tried the double XL one and regrets the triple XL one does not exist in shops. Kenzi has become bigger over the past year to the point that he now requires routine medical attention and visits. DON'T MISS:Strictly’s Janette Manrara ‘over the moon’ about becoming a parent [REPORT]'Incredible' mum died after becoming 'entangled in baby bouncer' [REPORT]Chloe Madeley admits ‘embarrassment’ being Richard and Judy’s daughter [REPORT] Due to his rapid weight gain, his parents and physicians have questioned whether he has an underlying medical ailment. He underwent testing at the Hermina Bekasi Hospital, and his parents are now awaiting the final results. The country’s authorities are keeping an eye on Kenzi, according to Health Minister Budi Gunadi Sadikin. READ NEXT:Paris Hilton and husband unveil baby boy's unusual mythological nameEmmerdale's Noah to lose everything as fans 'work out' Samson exitStacey Solomon 'broody for sixth child' just days after giving birthDiana and Charles pictured in rare unseen pictures with baby WilliamDad can finally buy gravestone for baby son after lottery win