Gary Neville has praised Erik ten Hag's ability to change a match via substitutions and tactical tweaks as he paid tribute to the Dutchman's first trophy as Manchester United manager. The Red Devils ran out 2-0 winners over Newcastle at Wembley to win the Carabao Cup and there is a sense more silverware could yet follow between now and the end of the campaign. While the likes of Marcus Rashford and Casemiro deserve enormous credit for helping United over the line, Neville believes Ten Hag is the man at the heart of United's success. The Sky Sports pundit was mesmerised by the instant impact of Marcel Sabitzer and Scott McTominay, who both came off the bench to nullify Newcastle's attempts to force their way back into the game. Neville did not see both changes coming and he believes they were essential to United's victory as he praised the tactical nous of impressive boss Ten Hag. He said on The Overlap review show: "There are times when Jose was at Chelsea and he would make substitutions, Sir Alex would do the same and you'd think 'what's he doing?' and it would work. "Ten Hag's done that five or six times now in the past few months. Even on Sunday, I was absolutely certain that only one midfielder would come on. "I didn't think both Marcel Sabitzer and Scott McTominay would come on. "I thought he'd bring on a wide player like Alejandro Garnacho or Jadon Sancho plus a midfield player on. So that surprised me. "Newcastle were having their best period around that time and it just got Manchester United back in control. "Every time he makes a change or a substitution, it has a massive impact. I think he's done it in the last six or seven matches and actually it makes the team better. It's hard to do that." Ten Hag's stock has already sky-rocketed before the end of his first season at the helm in the Premier League. The Dutchman now has United firing on all cylinders and they are the only English side that are still in every remaining competition. New loan signing Sabitzer, who made a big contribution from the bench in the Carabao Cup final, has made an immediate impact at Old Trafford following his deadline day switch from Bayern Munich. United will reportedly only have to pay around £16million to make the move permanent at the end of the season. The Austrian has proven to be an instant hit under Ten Hag with his desire, commitment, pressing and ability to affect the game at both ends of the field. It's another case that proves Ten Hag's judgement in the transfer market should be trusted as the majority of his signings have already paid off. Casemiro was at the heart of the Carabao Cup triumph, scoring the opener and helping keep Newcastle at bay with his phenomenal ball-winning ability.