According to a study by Genie Help me, compatibility is a key factor in a successful marriage. "If two people are not compatible, their relationship will not last," they predicted. Astrology can also identify any "potential problems" in a marriage and can predict whether a marriage will be successful. Depending on a couple’s or star sign's planetary positions, astrologers can share valuable advice on the future of a marriage. When two people are born with similar planetary positions, for instance, it can indicate a "strong potential for a successful relationship". Besides, some zodiac signs are more compatible with each other and are more likely to have strong, lasting relationships, based on astrological trends and patterns. With Valentine’s Day around the corner, it can be helpful to know which zodiac signs are most likely to have a successful marriage for those looking for commitment. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s royal ‘destiny’ was forecasted an expert suggests Aries is the luckiest sign and the most likely to get married in 2023. From the beginning of February, there will be "two powerful transits" that will bring "a surge of good luck". According to the astrologers, Aries will experience "good fortune which will make marriage a possibility". The star sign will also be blessed with an abundance of energy and enthusiasm, helping them "start a new journey with their partner".  The second luckiest sign this year in terms of love and relationships is Taurus. In 2023, the star sign will experience a surge of "energy and luck" making it very likely to get married. Similarly, Gemini will also experience an identical transit which will see the sign "blessed with an abundance, positivity, creativity and good communication skills". All of these will help them take a leap of faith and start a new journey with their partner. Leo will be blessed with extra courage and strength, which will also help them "start a romantic journey with their partner". READ MORE: Meghan didn't get any 'guidance' as she did 'weird gesture' with Harry The fifth sign most likely to get married this year and succeed in their romantic relationships is Libra. Libras will be blessed with "the opportunity to find their ideal partner and a blissful relationship". They will also be able to maintain a "beautiful balance between personal and professional life and make wise decisions about their relationship". Capricorn is also one of the luckiest signs this year as their astrology transit indicates "a strong desire to establish a home and build a family". This shows that those born under the star sign are more open to the idea of marriage and they are likely to be in a better financial position and have a stronger desire to settle down. Finally, Aquarius is a sign of balance and harmony which, from an astrological perspective, is ideal for marriage. With a strong sense of stability and order, and a very lucky astrological transition this year, the star sign is thought to be in "the perfect place" for love. Aquarius will likely commit to forming a lasting bond with their other half.