Households that fall into the vulnerable and low-income bracket may be offered support through the Cold Weather Payment scheme when the weather drops below a certain level for an extended period of time. The scheme runs until March 31, and many more cold spells are forecast throughout the rest of the month. After Met Office weather alerts early last week, new interactive weather maps show a "snow pillar" pushing eastwards before the end of February, indicating that a brief snowy spell could soon hit. And with energy bills now hitting record highs across the country, warming up the house is much more expensive than it was last year. However, to help with energy costs, the Government offers a number of winter benefits to those eligible, one being the Cold Weather Payment. The scheme is run by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) and starts annually on November 1, and ends on March 31 the following year as weather conditions brighten up and the chance of a cold snap dwindles. READ MORE: Lloyds issues £8,000 romance fraud warning to anyone with an account   The scheme sees subsidies paid out automatically to those eligible, based on a person’s benefits and the temperature in their area. To receive a payment, the average temperature in the person’s area has to be recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees or below for seven consecutive days. To be eligible to receive a Cold Weather Payment, people may be receiving the following benefits: DON'T MISS: Side hustle in transcribing can pay £36 an hour [INSIGHT]Top 10 fixed cash ISAs with high interest now - 'time is ticking' [ANALYSIS]'Make small changes' to home to save hundreds on bills, says expert [EXPLAINED]     There are certain requirements with each benefit that would deem a person eligible to receive payment, such as also having a disability or pensioner premium, or if they’re living with a child under five. To find out the full list of requirements with each benefit, visit the Government website. Households can check if a payment is due in their area using the DWP’s Cold Weather Payment postcode checker. Those living in Scotland cannot get Cold Weather Payments, however, they might get an annual Winter Heating Payment instead. READ MORE: Expert shares how to keep inheriting property 'cheap and easy'   This is worth £50 and will be automatically this month through Social Security Scotland, to anyone who would qualify for a Cold Weather Payment. People who qualify for a Cold Weather Payment will be paid automatically after each seven-day period of freezing weather.  This money should land in the person’s registered bank account with the DWP, and payments are made within 14 days. If a person believes they should have received a Cold Weather Payment but hasn’t, the DWP recommends getting in touch with Pension Centre or the Jobcentre - whichever is applicable. If a person receives Universal Credit, they should add a note to their journal online. The Universal Credit helpline on 0800 328 9344 can also be used. 