The latest RAC Fuel Watch shows that drivers can expect to pay around 148p per litre of unleaded and 168p per litre of diesel on average. And, while the price of petrol is likely to stay the same, the cost of diesel should drop further. Petrol and diesel prices hit their peaks in July 2022 when a litre of unleaded cost a whopping 191p and a litre of diesel 199p on average. However, despite falling down since then many people are still struggling with fuel-associated costs. With that in mind, Express.co.uk spoke to Tom Hixon, head of instructor support at Bill Plant Driving School, to see if the current prices are affecting people's willingness to learn how to drive and own a car. Mr Hixon said: "Overall, we’ve experienced an unbelievable amount of demand for lessons since the start of the year, breaking our 21-year bookings record. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow specific steps after mistaking E10 with E5 "The effects of the pandemic and driving examiner strikes, with the resulting backlogs, alongside post-pandemic behavioural shifts (there has been a significant reduction in public transport use, even now) has certainly offset the fuel price increases. "As of a few months ago, there were 530,000 people waiting for a driving test, which does even take into account those already learning who had their lessons stalled, and the hundreds of thousands of new 17-year-olds every year looking to gain their independence. "The number of instructors, however, remained broadly stable." Mr Hixon added that whether fuel prices will affect people's willingness to drive will vary on an individual basis. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of safety dashcams that could lead to dangerous driving [WARNING] Electric car experts warn drivers not to fall for EV charging myths [INSIGHT] Simple car insurance tip allows drivers to save as much as £65 a year [REVEAL] The expert said: "For some, driving is a necessity - especially when living in remote villages or areas with limited access to public transport, therefore, learning to drive or owning a car can be essential for commutes to work or school. "That doesn’t mean drivers aren’t going to feel the effects of the increased prices or feel worried about these additional expenses. "It is important to also consider the way public transport has been impacted by rising costs - train fares have increased rapidly each year too, making this a less attractive travel option to driving. "Furthermore, public transport, such as buses are not always readily available in villages and small towns, therefore are less practical than driving. READ MORE: Car theft is 'rising very steeply' with worst yet to come "Individuals will however need to consider all these factors before deciding whether or not to learn to drive. "If you live in a city or area with good transport or walkable distance to the necessities, you may be able to hold off on learning to drive until you are in a suitable financial position to afford lessons, fuel and car maintenance." There is also a possibility that motorists across the UK will see a 12p rise in the prices of petrol and diesel next month, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR). Experts have stressed that the positives of fuel reduction will quite possibly be short-lived when the UK's fuel duty could soar by 23 percent in March. The OBR has predicted that drivers will see 12p added to a litre of fuel, as a result of the current 5p duty cut coming to an end as well as the usual rise. Some experts are warning that drivers should be prepared and take steps for this potential price spike in fuel; however, it’s important to remember that the Government has always canceled duty rises in the past, with fuel duty not being increased for the past 12 years as Chancellors have repeatedly postponed proposed increases. With the cost of living crisis, and millions relying on their vehicles for work and everyday life, the Government could face even more pressure to do the same again in March. 