A favourite since she joined the popular BBC show, Luba is also very close with her Strictly Come Dancing co-stars. Opening up on her relationship with her fellow dancers as well as some of the famous faces to have taken part in recent years, Luba told Express.co.uk about her "wife" on the show. Luba is currently taking part in the Strictly live tour, which she said she was extremely excited about. Reflecting on her time on the show, Luba detailed the close friendships she's made. "I'm very close to Karen [Hauer] obviously, she's my wife," Luba remarked. She added: "Not officially, you know, she's my best friend and I love her to bits." READ MORE: Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit The dancer continued: "But I do love all of them. "I am just always really surprised how people don't want to believe that. "But it's true, because we truly are a family - when we say we are strictly family we are." Luba was partnered with athlete James Cracknell in 2017, but the pair were sadly eliminated in the first week. The following year, she competed in the show with Jason Bell. Unfortunately, Luba has been snubbed from being partnered with a celebrity since. The 33-year-old has been happy to perform as a group dancer on recent shows, but admitted she would love to get a partner this year. "I love to be partnered, so everything is crossed that next year will be my year!" she told Express.co.uk. DON'T MISS... This Morning descends into chaos as Alison Hammond breaks table [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Danni's appearance distracts Channel 4 viewers [REACTION]Emily Atack breaks down sharing social media harassment with mum [LATEST] "I'm putting it out there to the universe," she added hopefully. The Russian choreographer addressed the backlash the competition received last year after fans discovered she had been left without a partner once again. Taking to Instagram to reassure more than 82,000 online followers, she gave them a clear message - "Don't worry!" Referring to the gifts that had come flooding in, she sent her fans a "massive thank you" for her "flowers, cards, chocolates, biscuits, presents". "Thank you so, so much," she repeated, before insisting viewers would still see her on the show. She added: "I read a lot of messages and I physically cannot answer them, so I thought I'll pop in here [Instagram Stories] and say to all of you who are a little bit upset that I didn't get a celebrity partner, don't worry." Her best pal Karen was paired with comedian Jayde Adams, and Luba was around to lend her support to them as well as the other couples and new professionals. She was also a regular on Strictly Come Dancing spin-off show, It Takes Two, where she frequently gave her view on the week's dances.