Manchester United could be tempted to move for five Paris Saint-Germain stars in the summer as the Ligue 1 giants are reportedly attempting to slash their wage bill. The French side are said to want to cut their huge wage bill by up to 30 per cent, meaning that a significant amount of yearly wages could leave the club in the summer. PSG spent £645million in wages during 2022 to the likes of Kylian Mbappe, Neymar and Lionel Messi according to The Athletic but The Times have claimed that the club are willing to let some of their stars leave this summer in a bid to bring down the current costs. Christophe Galter’s outfit are currently eight points clear at the top of Ligue 1 following a Mbappe and Messi masterclass in their 3-0 win away to second-placed Marseille, but could be facing an exodus. Here, Express Sport looks at five players who United may target this summer that would slash PSG’s wage bill. PSG’s right-back sensation Achraf Hakimi may be unlikely to leave the club this summer as he is one of the best in the world and one of the team’s few stars on an affordable salary. His close ties to Mbappe are also in the Moroccan’s favour if the forward also remains at the club after his strong links with Real Madrid. Galtier has started Nordi Mukiele at right-back in Hakimi’s recent absence due to injury and has deputised ably. United may be in the market for a full-back in the summer as neither Diogo Dalot or Aaron Wan-Bissaka has nailed down that role in Erik ten Hag’s side. Big money could be spent in that area and Hakimi would likely be the best right-back on the market if he was made available. Similarly to their right-back situation, United could move for a goalkeeper in the summer amid uncertainty surrounding David De Gea’s position. The Spanish stopper is in negotiations regarding a new contract with a reduced salary, but his ability on the ball has been a concern and Gianluigi Donnarumma could be a potential answer. The Italian ousted Keylor Navas who has since moved on loan to Nottingham Forest, but a cost-cutting move could be to sell Donnarumma and bring back the Costa Rican who has shown that at 35, he is still a top goalkeeper in the Premier League. If Donnarumma were to be allowed to leave, then he could end United’s goalkeeping worry for at least 10 years given he is still only just 24. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route Mbappe would be the dream signing for anyone connected with Manchester United, as the Frenchman has repeatedly shown why he is considered by many to be the best player in the world. PSG recorded football’s highest-ever wage bill of £643m per year in 2022 and if the plan is to reduce the figure by 30 per cent then one of their star trio of Messi, Neymar and Mbappe will likely have to leave. Messi is in negotiations regarding a new contract and while Neymar could be made available at the right price, United would prefer to bring Mbappe to Old Trafford. The Brazilian would likely clash with the Red Devils’ creator-in-chief Bruno Fernandes, while Mbappe has previously wanted out of PSG and would be the perfect striker to build around alongside Fernandes and Marcus Rashford. Former Swansea City flop Renato Sanches could bolster United’s midfield as Ten Hag will be searching for more additions. The Portuguese international has made just three league starts for PSG since his move from Lille, where he starred for Galtier as the duo won the title together. He could be available for a cut-price following a disappointing spell since his £12.5m summer signing, especially if Marcel Sabitzer does not join on a permanent basis. Ten Hag may be aiming for another playmaker in midfield and there would be few better options than Marco Verratti. Christian Eriksen added another dimension to United’s game by operating in the defensive and midfield thirds, which allowed Fernandes to focus on creating chances. The Italian would unlikely be willing to leave Paris after nearly 11 years at PSG but is reportedly the fifth-highest earner at the club and a sale would drastically increase the chances of their wage bill slimming down