Prince Harry has appeared in a video, issuing an emotional plea, as he marks his first appearance since Spare was released on January 10. In the short 90-second clip, the father-of-two paid tribute to carers and nurses, amid the current cost-of-living crisis. Harry, who has been a patron for WellChild for 15 years, spoke to the camera, urging people to nominate their loved ones for an award with the charity. Proving a link for people to provide a nomination, WellChild tweeted the video, along with the cpation, which read: "Our Patron Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex, joins the call for nominations for the 2023 WellChild Awards." Harry, who is now based in the US with Meghan and their two children, reportedly filmed the clip earlier this month. In the clip, Harry, who previously said that he is "immensely grateful" for the work that WellChild do, said: "For children and people with complex medical needs, WellChild provides acccess to high quality care services and the opportunity to thrive at home alongside their families. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for 'vengeance' against William Praising WellChild, Harry added that the charity "provides a network of support for families who are facing countless medical, logistical and mental health challenges". Discussing the cost-of-living crisis, he added that the current climate "adds tremendous pressure in caring for the children who are dependent on life-saving equipment". Paying special tribute to carers and health professionals who also work closely with families supported by WellChild, Harry said: "I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the carers and health professionals, doctors, nurses, teachers and play specialists and many many more who are part of the WellChild family as well. "They deliver life-changing support each and everyday." READ MORE: Prince Harry was close to hosting Saturday Night Live - but 'talks stopped at 11th hour' In September 2022, Prince Harry was forced to miss the WellChild Awards ceremony in London, following the late Queen's death. The Duke of Sussex was set to deliver a speech at the event, with Meghan also due to attend to support her husband. The couple kept a close relationship with the charity, despite leaving the UK in 2020. DON'T MISS Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok  [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION] Prince Harry and Meghan announced their plans to step down as senior royals in January 2020. The pair, who share three-year-old son Archie and 19-month-old daughter Lilibet, now reside in California.