Nadia mocked the Monsters Ball actress on Instagram yesterday, after a cutting remark Halle had allegedly made when the pair worked on a movie together “years ago”. The Loose Women star imitated Halle after she showed off her abs following a gruelling workout. Nadia typed: “So … Halle Berry and I have been doing workouts together in Zoom since last summer and we always wear our waist trimmers NO MATTER WHAT. “And now LOOK how PERFECT we both are !!! “Love you Halle,” she added. In her video Halle had worn a professional fat-melting sheet before unveiling her rock-hard stomach, meanwhile, Nadia recreated the look at home with a bin bag.  READ MORE: Liz Hurley struggles to contain assets in plunging white bikini Nadia sarcastically added: “PS .. SORRY for any confusion. Some of you seem to think I’m wearing a bin bag?! “I am NOT! I am wearing movie-star fat-melting sheets! £6,000 per sheet I will have you know,” she joked. The Loose Women panellist often uses her social media to mock A-List celebrities who share their diet and fitness secrets. However, it turned out that Nadia also has a personal connection with Halle, as she explained on Instagram her story of how they had once acted alongside each other. Nadia revealed: “Years ago I was in a movie, and Halle Berry was also in this movie. “It was in this beautiful hotel in Morocco and there was a beautiful pool. “So whenever I wasn’t filming, I was eating chips and drinking Pina Coladas with the crew. “But you know these movie stars are athletes.” DONT MISS:Ola Jordan wears sexy lingerie to go shopping as James issues warning (PHOTOS)Dan Walker 'heartbroken' over interview with Nicola Bulley's partner (NEWS)Angelina Jolie's dad Jon Voight makes rare appearance running errands (LATEST) “Whenever she wasn’t filming, she was in the gym and she used to pass me every day. “One day she comes out from a mid-morning workout, she walked straight over to me and said, ‘You know Nadia you would have a really beautiful body if you worked out’.” However, fans quipped Halle must be now feeling “intimidated” by the difference in the pair’s results from the workouts. themichellepenny commented: “Poor Halle is probably feeling a little intimidated by the difference in results. She really should have joined you for that last lap around the block.” While lee.durrant.33 commented: “You strike again!!!! Another hilarious video, the noises. “I can't stop laughing! You're a genius. “Please don't ever change you have brightened up my Sunday.” vegannaturist remarked: “And you look well better than she does.”