Stella McCartney, daughter of singer Paul McCartney, has forged a successful career as a fashion designer. Rising to prominence in the 2000s, McCartney became successful in her field, and became part of multiple iconic collaborations, including the Team GB apparel for the 2012 Olympics. More recently, in 2018, she designed Meghan Markle’s wedding reception dress which the Duchess wore in 2018. The designer has also championed sustainability with environmentally friendly garments containing no animal products; she was recognised in the Queen's 2022 Birthday Honours. READ MORE: King Charles ditches formalities as he kisses Stella McCartney  Windsor was the scene of Harry and Meghan’s wedding. For this occasion, Stella designed Meghan’s wedding reception dress. This featured a halter neck design complete with an elegant low back. The dress received acclaim from around the world when Meghan unveiled the look as she stepped into a low slung electric Jaguar E-Type as she and Harry drove to their wedding reception. Later on, the dress became part of Stella McCarthy’s first bridal collection. It was possible to buy the dress, featuring a full length skirt that droops into a pool around the bride’s feet. When it was put on sale in 2018, the dress cost £3,500 (£4.021.36 in 2022). Harper’s Bazaar described the bridal range as “a modern offering for women who want to feel their best, chicest selves on their big day, and features five styles - from a Bianca Jagger-inspired white suit, to a sweeping caped gown”. McCarthy’s CBE comes as the coronation of King Charles moves closer. The ceremony, due to take place on May 6, is set to be the first of its kind since Queen Elizabeth II took to the throne in 1953. As the big day moves closer, there will be question marks over whether Prince Harry and Meghan and Markle, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, will attend. According to reports, the King has asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to act as an intermediary between the couple and the monarch in the hope a deal can be struck before the coronation.