Patrick Mahomes became the first quarterback since 1999 to win the MVP, Super Bowl and Super Bowl MVP in Sunday night's win over the Philadelphia Eagles, with the Kansas City Chiefs superstar now entering the 'Greatest Of All Time' conversation. Comparions between Mahomes and Brady have already begun with the Chiefs star now winning two Super Bowl rings before the age of 28, and arguably being the more naturally gifted player. Coming into the season though, many had doubts over Mahomes. After a below par 2021 season for his standards, not many had predicted the Chiefs or Mahomes to impress this season following their trade away of star receiver Tyreek Hill. But Mahomes silenced all critics with a tremendous season, winning this year's MVP in what was a fantastic individual year as he showed why he deserves to atop of the quarterback pedastal in the NFL. But one NFL pundit does not believe that Mahomes is deserving of that title. Coming into the season, three other names were mentioned alongside Mahomes as the best, in Justin Herbert, Josh Allen and Joe Burrow.  And Skip Bayless is still of the belief that the best is the Cincinnati Bengals' passer. Speaking on UNDISPUTED, Bayless said: "The best quarterback was watching yesterday, named Joe Burrow, but that's a whole other thing. "Patrick Mahomes, what did he throw for, 182 yards? I would have given the MVP to the losing quarterback, but that's just me. He outplayed him across the board. "You've gotta give it to somebody so you say 'I guess we'll give it to the quarterback?' Way to go. Toney might have been worthy with that punt return. Jalen Hurts averaged 7.6 yards per completion to Patrick Mahomes' 6.7 yard completion. Who knew?".  If there is another who is to challenge Mahomes for the top spot, it is looking like it will be Burrow, who continues to improve and does have a 3-1 record against the Chiefd quarterback. One other name who has elevated himself into that conversation, is Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts, who performed as well as Mahomes in the Super Bowl - scoring four touchdowns.