Phillip Schofield hosted the latest episode of This Morning wearing a two-toned blue flannel shirt while his co-star Holly Willoughby opted for a black and white striped jumper. However, the 60-year-old was lost for words when his outfit was ridiculed live on-air.  Holly and Phillip were discussing how work outfits have become more casual within the journalism industry in recent years. "It has got more relaxed," Holly said about work attire in the This Morning studio. She asked Phillip if he used to wear a jacket to which he replied: "Yes, I did wear one." "I think things are much more relaxed now," Holly added as the discussion continued.  READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Former MP Gyles Brandreth could not resist taking a swipe at Phillip's top, telling viewers: "And now he wears a table cloth which is much easier." Journalist Matthew Wright and Holly burst into laughter, but Phillip did not know how to take Gyles' comment and looked stunned. The veteran This Morning host was dumbfounded and looked down at his patterned shirt in silence. Holly tried to make her co-host feel better and added: "I said to you this morning that I liked your shirt."  Phillip manically said: "You did, you did, you did!" Holly continued to defend her longtime co-star and friend, telling a smug Gyles: "Don't you pick on my Phil." Phillip told Gyles he was "fine" and the former politician noted how he often wears unconventional jumpers. Phillip highlighted how Gyles' blue jumper was covered in colourful sweets to make his point about work outfits turning casual. DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby distracts Dancing on Ice fans with appearance  [LATEST]ITV fear Holly Willoughby will quit This Morning role [UPDATE]Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [INSIGHT] "I'm giving up Smarties for lent you see," Gyles explained about his bold jumper choice. Elsewhere in the show, Holly and Phillip tested out various pancakes to mark Shrove Tuesday. They had three plates of pancakes in front of them but didn't know the toppings placed on each. The first pancake they tried was with cheese and marmite which they found odd.  Holly admitted she "doesn't like not knowing what I'm eating", adding: "Otherwise it's like a Bushtucker Trial." When tasting a gravy pancake, Holly said: "What is that? That is horrible. "It is gravy! You're sick! You're sick, you're sick!" Phillip added: "You're filthy! What's the matter with you?" This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITVX. 