Stacey Solomon welcomed her fifth child - and her third with her husband Joe Swash - earlier this month. The Loose Women star took to Instagram and shared a sweet video with her new arrival before her beau took a swipe at her. Taking to her story, Stacey, 33, could be seen cradling Belle in her arms before making a candid admission. She began: "Happy Tuesday. I thought I would just come and say, 'hi.' "All the kids went back to school today and I didn't realise how loud this house was until they went back to school." The Loose Women panellist continued: "Even Belle was properly wide awake today. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara in 'bittersweet' move after baby news "You know, the first time just properly looking around. "I think it was because she was like, 'Where is the noise? Where has everyone gone?'" Stacey went on: "But me, Belle and Rose got to spend some time together and then Rose had a nap, so I was like, 'Oh my god. This is heaven.'" She then addressed her appearance as the mum-of-five sported a full face of makeup with a bow tied in her hair. "I don't usually look like this," Stacey mused. "It's because I've put some makeup on as it's my dad's birthday." She added: "I've tried to make an effort to go for dinner. By making an effort, I mean I've put some foundation on and a bow in my hair in the hope that no one will notice I still haven't washed it since I've given birth." Joe swiftly interjected: "No, I have definitely noticed." Stacey chuckled: "Shut up! It is very greasy but I don't have the energy to stand there and wash it." DON'T MISS... Lorraine Kelly reaches out to Dan Walker after being 'knocked out'[LATEST]Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss[PICTURES]Vanessa Feltz feels 'bruised' as ex Ben sends message on her birthday[ADMISSION] The on-screen star has since taken to the picture-sharing site and shared new photos of her daughter Belle. Stacey was inundated with messages after she shared the adorable snaps. She penned: "Oh Hello Beautiful Belle. The most special two weeks of you Belle… "Today all the boys went back to school and Belle had lots of awake time. I think she was wondering where all the noise and craziness had gone I felt like I got some time to properly see her [and] talk to her today. "I love these days when they start to open their eyes more [and] really look around and begin to show you little bits of who they are and the adventures to come." Celebrity pals flooded the comment section as Julia Bradbury wrote: "What a precious little thing. Enjoy these magical days." Gaby Roslin penned: "She looks just like her daddy @realjoeswashy." Mrs Hinch added: "Oh Her little hand and eyes. So pure... the most beautiful picture I ever did see."