Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has publicly apologised to Steven Gerrard after calling out the Liverpool legend in his press conference last week. The Spaniard had sarcastically suggested that City had been responsible for the Englishman's slip in 2014 which had cost his side the title as he defended his club against their Premier League charges but retracted his comments ahead of Wednesday's match with Arsenal. Guardiola's initial comments had come as he launched a passionate defence of the Sky Blues in his first press conference since being charged with 115 financial rule breaches by the Premier League. The Spaniard had suggested that the Citizens had been responsible for other things to go wrong in Premier League history, including Gerrard's slip, in comments he has since come to regret. “In that situation at Anfield, I didn't want it [to happen] out of respect for Steven Gerrard, but it's our fault, come on," Guardiola said last Friday. "That belongs to us. The moments that we lived, these years together." However, he retracted his statement as he spoke to the media ahead of Wednesday's top-of-the-table clash with Arsenal, offering the Liverpool icon a whole-hearted apology. "I apologise to Steven Gerrard for my unnecessary and stupid comments I said last time about him," he told reporters before any questions were asked. "He knows how I admire him for what he has done in the country. I am ashamed of myself, he doesn't deserve it. READ MORE: O'Hara urges Conte to quit Tottenham now ahead of AC Milan clash   "I truly believe my comments about defending my club but I didn't represent my club well putting his name in these stupid comments. I apologise to him privately but like the comment was public my apology must be public as well. I am so sorry to him, his kids, wife, family. It was stupid." There were no further questions on the subject or on the Premier League's investigation with full focus on the task at hand against Arsenal tomorrow. City can leapfrog the Gunners at the top of the tree should they pick up all three points and Guardiola was keen to praise the north Londoners for everything they have achieved this season. "So far they are the best team in the Premier League," he explained. "We felt it a couple of weeks ago. The commitment, they are sharp. It will be a big, big battle. In the departments, you have to be ready. DON'T MISSMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy called team-mates 'motherf******' for two weeksEx-Arsenal star Flamini is now worth over 30 times more than RonaldoLiverpool and four other English clubs Neymar can join as PSG 'decide to sell'  "I do not truly believe one week ago we are out of form and now we're back in form. Every game is different, you can play good and win and everything is perfect but tomorrow you could lose. Many games to play. Tomorrow is an important one, everyone knows it, and we'll try to do our best. "It's important cause we can take the points, the best team so far could not. I have a feeling many things can happen. Tomorrow can help us be there but there are many games, tough games. We can not deny it's important to prove ourselves and handle the many aspects." Kick-off at the Emirates is at 7.30pm with the match broadcast live on Amazon Prime. 