Lewis Hamilton’s speech after his first F1 victory almost 16 years ago shows off the seven-time champion’s winning mentality. Hamilton won his first race in June 2007 at the Canadian Grand Prix before claiming his second just a week later in the USA. Hamilton had been knocking on the door of a top-step finish all season after a superb start to life in the sport. The then-McLaren driver had secured five back-to-back podiums including four P2 finishes. After the race, Hamilton appeared cool and at ease, stressing he was confident he was destined to reach the top. He said: “I’ve been ready for this for quite some time, ready for the win – it was just a matter of where and when. “I have to dedicate this win to my dad – without him this wouldn’t have been possible. The last few laps were just a case of counting them down and it really was just about enjoying it.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's contract situation clearer after Mercedes statements Hamilton went on to add two further wins to his tally, standing on the top step in Hungary and Japan. The youngster also secured two more podiums in France and Britain and looked in pole position to wrap up his first title in his debut season. However, Hamilton’s Drivers' Championship bid collapsed at the end of the season as he retired in China after getting stuck in a gravel trap. He could only manage P7 in Brazil in the final race of the season as Kimi Raikkonen won the last two races to pip the British star. Hamilton has previously admitted missing out on the crown so close to the end of the season was “unbearable”. DON'T MISSChandhok gives two reasons Red Bull have 'made themselves unpopular' [COMMENT]FIA cave to Lewis Hamilton on protest ban but sanctions still possible [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton backs up George Russell after first drive of new car [ANALYSIS] But, the current Mercedes star admitted he could have wrapped up top spot if he had the experience he enjoys today. He explained: “I remember back in 2007, in China, it was unbearable the loss of the world championship and the race. I had qualified on pole and leading the Grand Prix… and so the mindset, the strength in which I have now I wish I had then, it would have changed my life a lot. "I don’t know, I think in life you remember the most painful things most, because it’s the most painful thing that can possibly happen to you, of course, you will never forget those.”