Fears are growing over a potential Beast from the East hitting the UK and bringing the country to a standstill. Weather maps from WXCHARTS suggest a fresh onslaught of snow could hit southern England at the start of March. In some rural areas, maps suggest up to 26cm of snow could fall. Forecasters have been poised for updates after it was confirmed earlier this month that a weather event, responsible for the Beast from the East in 2018, was happening again.   Sudden stratospheric warming sees the heating up of the stratosphere near to the likes of Greenland and Scandanavia - but its true effects on this country's weather are not usually seen for weeks afterwards. And even then, they may not make any impacts at all. But, the cut-off point for any real domino effect will come in March - and this is when weather maps show a dramatic frontal system pushing from the east. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services told Express.co.uk: “Yes, there is an inclination for things to turn colder and potentially snowier in the first week of March and on from there. “Looks interesting though not yet conclusive in terms of who gets what by way of snow but it’s certainly a step on from where we were last week.” He added: “It’s currently looking more like Troll from Trondheim but it could easily flip into a Beast from the East. Next two to three days should hopefully see some clarification of the details.”  WXCharts weather maps show that parts of the UK will be hit with plenty of snow in the first week of March, with Wales expecting the majority of the upcoming blizzard. Scotland is set to freeze with -5C, while parts of Wales will remain frosty with -2C in the early hours of March 8. However, London areas are expected to only see around 7cm of snowfall with temperatures lingering around the 0C mark. This comes as forecasters have been tracking a significant weather phenomenon,Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW), over the North Pole which is set to cause a butterfly effect of changes to weather in Britain. READ MORE: 1.9 million prepayment meter vouchers left unredeemed in Britain  When a SSW occurs it causes usually high cold air to fall in altitude down from the stratosphere and warm, this forces the cold polar air in the troposphere, the layer underneath the stratosphere, to spill out of the Arctic region into temperate areas like the UK. Impacts from these weather events can last up to 10 days. A SSW caused the Beast from the East five years ago, prompting orecasters to warn the SSW will likely bring freezing temperatures to the UK. James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: “There has been a major U-turn, and we now see a significant wintry blast hitting the UK around the middle of next week. This will bring the risk of bitter northerly winds and the possibility of heavy snow, which could be widespread. “Initially, these will hit the north, but could reach southern England, and we expect this to happen from the middle to latter part of next week. DON'T MISSMacron humiliated on two fronts by Zelensky and Putin [REVEAL]King sees inside the military training regime of Ukrainian recruits [INSIGHT]Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing' [UPDATE]  “Weather models are starting to suggest this outcome, and although they are still to confirm any effect on the UK weather, the overall set up suggests the development of a prolonged cold period with the risk of significant snowfall.” In the Met Office long-range forecast from March 3 to 17 it suggests chances of a cold snap are growing. It says: "There remains a small but increasing probability of much colder weather developing as we move further into March."