Neymar could face two frosty encounters if he completes a sensational summer switch to Chelsea amid reported trouble in the water at Paris Saint-Germain. Blues owner Todd Boehly is potentially eyeing the Brazilian winger as his next marquee recruit at Stamford Bridge. Boehly and financial fund Clearlake Capital have sanctioned over £600million in transfer fees in two windows since they bought Chelsea from Roman Abramovich. But they're understood to be eyeing their biggest catch yet at the end of the season in Neymar. According to reports, Neymar is unhappy at PSG after a fallout with sporting director Luis Campos. And Boehly met with the Ligue 1 champions' CEO Nasser Al-Khelaifi on Thursday to discuss a potential escape route to west London. The American has revitalised his interest after being keen to add Neymar to Thomas Tuchel's ranks last summer before PSG blocked his exit. JUST IN: Five changes Mikel Arteta can make to get Arsenal back on track  But the Paris meeting indicates Al-Khelaifi could now be willing to negotiate Neymar's departure in what would be one of the most notable transfers in Chelsea's history. However, the 31-year-old may have to overcome a rocky start to life under Graham Potter if past experiences with current squad members are anything to go by. Two of Chelsea's several January signings, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Enzo Fernandez, have had previous encounters with Neymar. Mudryk, who joined in an £88.5million deal from Shakhtar Donetsk, aimed fun at the Samba star on Instagram with a cheeky post of him at the beach. He tagged Neymar in the post on a man swimming in a diver's wet suit, hinting that he thought the PSG ace was a culprit of simulation. DON'T MISS Gabriel singled out as main culprit for Arsenal's loss to Man CityArsenal boss Arteta replies ‘certainly not’ to De Bruyne questionJack Grealish confirms he almost got a red card vs Arsenal And Fernandez, who arrived for a British-record £107million from Benfica, had a direct run-in with Neymar after a Champions League game earlier this season. The Argentine targeted the No 10 with a series of hard-hitting tackles at the Parc des Princes before the pair were involved in a heating encounter at full-time. Neymar reportedly believed Fernandez had called him 'pelotudo', which translates to idiot, during the match. But the latter later poured cold water on those suggestions, insisting he didn't do or say anything to his South American rival on purpose. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here