Pep Guardiola launched a passionate defence of Manchester City only three days before the club were charged by the Premier League for numerous alleged financial regulation breaches on Monday. In his press conference before their weekend defeat to Tottenham, Guardiola claimed that rival Premier League clubs wanted City banned from competing and sent letters outlining their views. City have invested billions of pounds in transfers since Sheikh Mansour's takeover in 2008 and under Guardiola, they have won the Premier League title in four of the last five seasons. The Manchester club's lavish spending has attracted criticism from all quarters of the top flight and Guardiola even revealed that 'eight or nine' clubs sent a letter to the Premier League urging them to kick the club out of the division. “We were accused. I will never forget that there were eight or nine teams in the Premier League that sent a letter for us to be banned, to be out of the Premier League," Guardiola said on Friday before their clash with Tottenham. "That happened to us when we have the 5th best net spend, when we start to win titles.” Man City news LIVE: Guardiola quit threat, possible Arsenal boost  The 52-year-old has consistently fielded questions from the press about the club's Abu Dhabi-based owners, but warned he would leave the club "the next day" if it was found the hierarchy had misrepresented to him information about their financial affairs. And it remains to be seen what the future holds for Guardiola after the Premier League released the results of their four-year investigation into City, with the Premier League champions charged with 'numerous breaches of financial rules'. German publication Der Spiegel published leaked emails back in 2018 which alleged Sheikh Mansour had inflated City's commercial figures to get around Financial Fair Play rules. DON'T MISSFans want Man City stripped of Premier League titles after chargesMan Utd 'having mischievous title chatter' after Man City chargesPiers Morgan demands Man City points deduction for 'rule break'  City continued to deny any breaches of financial rules, but the publication of the leaked emails sparked a four-year investigation from the Premier League. Now the English top flight have published their findings with an unprecedented number of breaches listed. The Premier League have announced that their findings have now been referred to a Commission under Premier League Rules W.3.4. The alleged breaches are listed by the Premier League in their statement, including more than 100 separate instances. City could now face a points deduction or even expulsion from the Premier League altogether following the charges, although the unique nature of the situation shows no clear precedent on what action could be taken. The club released a statement on Monday afternoon in response to the charges, insisting they had co-operated with the investigation and were "surprised" to have been accused of more than 100 financial breaches.  It read: "Manchester City FC is surprised by the issuing of these alleged breaches of the Premier League Rules, particularly given the extensive engagement and vast amount of detailed materials that the EPL has been provided with. "The Club welcomes the review of this matter by an independent Commission, to impartially consider the comprehensive body of irrefutable evidence that exists in support of its position. "As such we look forward to this matter being put to rest once and for all." 