Aries Developing back-up plans in business and finance that will make your future feel more secure. Push away anyone who is trying to persuade you into taking a risk. Important decisions need to be made. Don’t let your fear of the unknown trick you into making a wrong choice. Taurus You aren’t certain about something you have to do. You are more focused on doubts when you should have more faith in yourself. Instead of expecting every possible problem to arise, look at the positive possibilities once this matter has been sorted. Gemini You’re wondering how the changes now underway will affect your life in the long-term. Considering only the negative effects will not make you feel any better. Do your best to adapt to new circumstances and keep telling yourself that it will make life easier for everyone, eventually.  Cancer The reason you’re finding it frustrating working with others is because you will prefer to get on with things in your own way. There may not be a lot of satisfaction from a team effort. If you can concentrate on solo projects you will feel more confident about the standard of your work. Leo As well as feeling irritated by someone who brings up a touchy topic, you’re annoyed to have to think about this again. You have other things to do and you really haven’t time to allow others to rake up matters that should be left in the past. Virgo After a lot of hard work and dedicated effort, the end results are starting to fall neatly into place. You should be proud to have gotten this far. You will also find it easier to say goodbye to responsibilities that have felt restrictive.   Libra By recognizing that your dreams are important even if they don’t match the aims of a partner or close friends, you are making a conscious choice towards happiness. You don’t have to go your separate ways but you can pursue your own hopes and take up activities you enjoy. Scorpio Attend to details. Disregard important issues and problems will start to occur in the least expected places. Your boss or a work superior will be a great help in some areas and you might feel slightly surprised by how much time they are willing to give you. Sagittarius If you’re shopping for a big item, two heads will be better than one when choosing what to buy. The advice of a practical friend will be worth taking. An agreement or offer that has been slow in coming will at last arrive and this will make life easier in the future.    Capricorn A friend or relative has expensive dreams for the future. They haven’t paused for one minute to consider the cost and they don’t want to listen to your cautious suggestions. It’s as if they don’t realise that they can never realise their hopes and dreams if they don’t keep them at a realistic level. Aquarius You’re ready to tie-up loose-ends. It will be a relief to get jobs that have been standing for a week or so, out of the way. There will soon be more opportunity to fill your days with fun and pleasure and when this occurs, you won’t want some heavy responsibilities hanging over you. Pisces There is more you can do to help with a joint effort and you will continue taking a practical approach to bringing about your goals. You can be creative and imaginative but today it is your efficiency in career and other serious matters that will be hard to match.    