Adele, 34, whipped fans into a frenzy on social media when she was spotted in the Super Bowl crowd on Sunday, with the singer not seeming entirely interested in the game. The Rolling in the Deep singer sparked speculation as she was pictured sitting next to two men, seemingly ordering them to "zip it" in a slight confrontation. Adele looked effortlessly glamorous as she watched Kansas City Chiefs face off against the Philadelphia Eagles. She sported a structured grey blazer, with large hoops earrings and a matching grey handbag sitting on her lap. The hit singer covered her face with oversized shades while finishing off her look with bold lipstick. While she waited for Rihanna to perform at halftime, ESPN captured Adele in an apparent heated conversation with the two males she was sitting with. READ MORE: Piers Morgan begs Ricky Gervais to host Brits as viewers 'switch off' The clip has resurfaced on Twitter since the ESPN coverage, with the six-second clip already turning into a meme. The singer remains seated while two men sitting on either side of her appear to be having a heated discussion. While it is not entirely clear what Adele is saying, she appears to shake her head in dismay. She then waves one hand close to her mouth before making it clear she was doing the "zip it" motion. Many social media users have rushed to Twitter to share the hilarious clip of the singer. Allurequinn said: "Why is Adele in the audience always meme material." AdeleAccess shared the clip, quipping in the caption: "Everyone be quiet, Rihanna is about to perform #SuperBowl." AdeleDrinksWine added: "Adele. Part-time singer. Full-time living meme material." DON'T MISS... Megan Fox gives brutal response to Machine Gun Kelly split rumours [COMMENT] Gordon Ramsay and Paul McCartney delight fans at Super Bowl [SUPER BOWL] Rihanna sparks fan frenzy as singer ends hiatus at Super Bowl halftime [PICS] Adele was also captured sipping her drink alongside her boyfriend Rich Paul, and dancing to Rihanna's halftime performance. This comes after clips resurfaced of Adele's hilarious reactions at the 65th Grammy Awards last week. Fans picked up her reaction to singer SZA's introduction while host Trevor Noah presented the segment. While Adele looked noticeably confused, Trevor said: "This is a woman who almost became a marine biologist and if she had, there would be no theme song for killing your ex. Please welcome SZA." Shocked by SZA's previous career, the British star turned to Rich with a shocked expression, mouthing: "Oh wow!" American singer Solána Imani Rowe, known professionally as SZA, studied marine biology at Delaware State University. She eventually dropped out in her last semester; however, and started taking on jobs in order to make money. Adele took home the Best Pop Solo Performance award for her 2022 hit Easy on Me.