Death in Paradise favourite JP Hooper (played by Tobi Bakare) was less than impressed when Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) told him criminal Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles) would be joining the Saint Marie police force in series 10. Marlon was given the choice to either try and turn his life around by training to become a police officer, or he would be sent to prison. Things got off to a rocky start, but Marlon soon realised if he didn't get his act together he would have to pay for his petty crimes. When he was first introduced, Marlon was almost sent back to prison after making several glaring errors. He even ended up punching a suspect, which would have cost him his job. However, JP came to the rescue, taking the blame for Marlon's mistake before he left Saint Marie. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Marlon has come a long way since series 10, and in the latest episodes, he even showed interest in becoming a sergeant. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Tahj Miles opened up about his latest storyline. He went on to address whether Marlon could ever turn back to his criminal past and his future on the BBC drama. When asked whether Marlon is ready to be a sergeant, the actor began: "When I think about what makes a good sergeant, I always think about JP and Naomi. "And they're both very to the book, traditional, they stick to what they read in the massive manual that we've seen on screen. I think that's cool. "Obviously that's what's going to get you the marks in the exam, but when it comes to being a sergeant and a police officer in general, everyone has their own way of making them a good officer. "And I think with Marlon he's used to the island. He's got connections and those different back groups into the crime mode, that no other police officer knows. "So as a sergeant if you hit a bit of a brick wall in a case, you have as I called him a wildcard in the team to take them on a back route to get to where you want to be." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Neville Parker 'framed' by close colleague  [INSIGHT]Blackadder to make return after 20 years without Rowan Atkinson [NEWS]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as Mandy Dingle star drops clue  [SPOILERS] When discussing whether Marlon could revert back to his old ways, the actor continued: "I think at this point he has settled into police life. "I think there might be times when something might get a bit too personal for him and he might be swayed between two minds. "But at the end of the day, I think he will always pick his police side. "We saw it briefly in series 10 when JP gave him money to fix the police bike and he takes the money and does it himself. "We saw him [with] one foot in and one foot out. "But at this point, three years in and we have seen he wants to be a sergeant. "He is settled, he knows what he wants to do, so it would take something really personal for him to even think about taking a foot back out of the police world and into his old background." Death in Paradise returns on Friday at 9pm on BBC One.