Lewis Hamilton has hinted F1 teams have copied Red Bull’s car design, except for Ferrari and Mercedes. In a defiant message, Hamilton stressed the Silver Arrows had their “own mind” and would do things their way. He passionately defended his engineers, adding the German marque would never steal ideas from their rivals. He said: “Of course, you can see that some of the cars are approaching what a Red Bull might look like. Perhaps with the exception of Ferrari. “I don’t think we’ve ever been a team that copied other people. We’ve always had our own mind and have always been a team that’s incredibly creative and innovative and likes to do it our way. And I think that’s worked in the past.” It comes after the Mercedes personnel suggested they could steal their rival's designs last season after their concept struggled to challenge the frontrunners. READ MORE: F1 fans spot peculiar aspect of Hamilton and Russell's new Mercedes George Russell commented that “nothing’s off the table” when pushed on whether they could look at other methods across the grid. Technical director Mike Elliott even added that the team would look at Red Bull’s solution to the 2022 regulations. The Mercedes chief revealed the German marque would be silly to not admit they could have “got it wrong”. However, Mercedes unveiled an almost identical-looking W14 at Silverstone on Wednesday with just subtle tweaks to the side pods and engine cover. Hamilton fell to his worst-ever championship finish last season and lost his run of winning a Grand Prix in every season he has competed in the sport. But, the team were more competitive after upgrades at the United States Grand Prix with Russell winning in Brazil. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc delivers Hamilton and Verstappen 2023 title verdict [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton hopes boosted as Russell offers positive W14 verdict [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff explains what Lewis Hamilton 'doesn't want' from contract [COMMENT] After the launch of the new car, Hamilton even remarked the car looked similar to the 2022 design but that he had confidence in his engineers to get to the root of the problem. He explained: “Last year we arrived and thought ‘damn, that was fast’ but it wasn’t, not with all the problems we had. “And then we come into a new season with a car that looks similar in many ways, because some elements are really difficult to change but you just have to have faith in it the engineers have, and I have. I hope that the car has the characteristics we require when we run it. But if not, then we will find a way. quotes should always start with quote marks “I think it’s the job of engineers and designers to find solutions. So we’re on ready for anything that could happen.”