Ashton Kutcher, 45, has currently been promoting his latest Netflix film, Your Place or Mine, alongside fellow Hollywood star Reese Witherspoon, 46. Many have taken to social media to comment on the pair's lack of chemistry as Ashton seemingly avoids physical contact with Reese on the red carpet, with the actor sharing his reasoning for this. Ashton has been criticised online for his apparent "distance" from Reese while promoting the movie. The Hollywood actor has since broken his silence on the reasoning for the apparent distance, with his wife Mila Kunis even noticing. Speaking on the Chicks in the Office podcast, Ashton said it was Mila who first informed him of the controversy surrounding his "chemistry" with Reese. He said: "My wife called me—she texted Reese and me together and she's like, 'Guys, you gotta act like you like each other'. And I'm like, 'What is going on?' READ MORE: Zoe Ball in saucy remark as she urges fans to 'show off' their bodies "Here's the thing, okay. If I put my arm around her and was all friendly with her, I'd be having an affair with her, like that would be the rumour. "If I stand next to her and put my hands in my pockets, there's no chance that could be the rumour—the rumour is that we don't like each other." He concluded by reiterating what "good friends" he and his co-star are off-screen, and that he doesn't feel the need to "defend that". Ashton has also previously spoken out about finding photographers awkward due to cameras coming to you from all directions. He said: "If you're gonna tell me in that entire twenty-minute period, at one point, you're not gonna have an awkward face on. "Then you're better than I am and I'm cool with that."  She said: "She even emailed us last night. She goes, 'You guys look so awkward on the red carpet together'. DON'T MISS... Happy Valley's James Norton and Rhys Connah pay tribute to castmates [PICS] Britney Spears 'mortified' by mishap as she poses in see-through dress [COMMENT] I'm A Celeb's Carl Fogarty breaks silence as daughter on Love Island [ITV]  "It’s just fun 'cause when you know a girlfriend so much, it was just fun to get to know her significant other cause I’ve loved her for so long." The upcoming Netflix film follows Debbie (Witherspoon), a woman unlucky in love who swaps lives with her best friend Peter (Kutcher) for one week in the Big Apple. Debbie soon finds herself in a love triangle by falling for a handsome stranger Theo (Jesse Williams) just as Peter comes to the realisation that he's had feelings for her all along. In other news, Ashton celebrates his 45th birthday today, with Reese taking to Instagram to share a message for her co-star. The actor has also revealed the birthday tradition his wife Mila started before they became parents. He said on Good Morning America: "We have a family tradition. I'm gonna fly home tonight so I can wake up tomorrow at home because in our family, breakfast is the most important meal on birthdays. "We make this pancake cake and so it's a tradition [Kutcher's wife] Mila [Kunis] started years ago before we ever had kids, where every morning, somebody gets like a jumbo stack of pancakes with sprinkles on them and a candle." Ashton was also joined by his co-star Reese at GMA, where they discussed their new Netflix film.