Chancellor Jeremy Hunt should stop trying to tempt retirees back to work and up the private pension age to stop more joining their ranks, a think tank has advised. The Resolution Foundation said the commentary and policy attention around addressing the drop in the UK's labour force participation has been too focused on Covid-19-induced early retirement. It pointed to a sharp rise in economic inactivity throughout the pandemic - up by 830,000 between 2019 and 2022, with three-quarters of the rise concentrated among those aged 50 and over. The foundation said many of the older workers who have recently retired are "unlikely to ever come back to the workforce". The report authors said someone who took early retirement during the summer of 2020 has now been economically inactive for two-and-a-half years and that, historically, only one in 50 people in this situation return to work every three months. They also questioned any move to use the benefit system to increase the pressure to work, saying just one in 10 of the economically inactive 55-59-year-olds who have left employment since the start of the pandemic are relying on benefit support. The report stated: "The cohort of older workers who have left the labour market since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic have disproportionately come from high-paying, professional jobs; many of these adults will be living comfortably in their early retirement, and government policy is unlikely to prompt them to 'un-retire'." Three groups where progress could be made in boosting the workforce are older workers, mothers and those with ill health or a disability, the think tank said. The authors noted there would need to be "targeted reforms to the childcare system" in order to boost the workforce participation rate among women with children. They said the extension of free hours of childcare is "unlikely to be a silver bullet" and instead called for a consideration of "radical policy changes, including moving childcare support for low-to-middle income households outside of the universal credit system altogether". Work and Pensions Secretary Mel Stride is currently carrying out a review of how to get over-50s back into employment. Last month, he said Government interventions to boost workforce participation would focus on the over-50s, carers and the long-term sick and disabled. Mr Stride has been tasked with coming up with policies to encourage more of the "millions of people who are not looking for work and are not in work" to return to employment, he said. It was previously reported that Mr Stride is seeking to revamp the benefits system, including allowing people to continue claiming after returning to work and replacing the system used to assess eligibility for the sickness payment with a process that asks claimants to demonstrate what job they might be able to take. READ MORE: Body found in River Wyre is Nicola Bulley, police confirm in heartbreaking statement There was also speculation that tax breaks to encourage the over-50s to work are being considered. The report authors said policymakers' focus should be on keeping those who become ill or disabled in work "rather than just on returning those out of work to employment via changes to the benefits system". They insisted that "retaining the relationship between the worker and employer with early intervention is key", stating that people who are economically inactive due to long-term sickness or disability are four times as likely to re-enter work after a few months of sick leave than after a period of more than two years. The foundation said the spring budget should "avoid being narrowly focused on the 'Covid cohort' of early retirees" and instead be a "broader attempt to boost labour force participation in the decade ahead - prioritising the groups whose employment rates have proven to be responsive to policy changes in the past". Louise Murphy, an economist at the Resolution Foundation, said: "Britain did a great job of getting more people into work in the 2010s. But some of that progress has been undone by the pandemic, with economic inactivity rising by 830,000 over the past three years. "We need to reboot progress on getting people into work, but we're not going to achieve it by persuading the recent Covid cohort of older workers to 'unretire'. "Instead, we need to do more to encourage mothers in low-income families into work, and help people who need to take periods of time off for ill health stay attached to their jobs. "Taking the right approach to workforce participation would boost individuals' living standards, and improve the wider health of our economy." DON'T MISS: Shoppers find 'empty shelves' as new shortage hits the UK - 'not a tomato in sight'