Donald Trump's "illegal or unethical" ties to Russia, including those of his associates and eldest son, will likely "resurface" during his presidential campaign and "cost him" the election, a political expert told Express.co.uk. Trump announced on November 15, 2022, he would once again be running for president of the United States in the country's next election, in 2024. But political analyst and PR expert Irina Tsurkerman told Express.co.uk that the former president's ties to Russia, including those of his associates, will likely resurface during his campaign and cost him the election. The "illegal or unethical ties" are even more concerning now since Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to invade Ukraine on February 24, 2022, with the civilian death toll believed to be exceeding over 7,000 one year on. Irina Tsukerman, of Scarab Rising Inc, said Trump's former national security adviser Mike Flynn's resurfacing of ties to the Kremlin will likely be seen, as well as others in Trump's circle.  She said: "Mike Flynn's resurfacing and blatantly pro-Russian sloganeering from some of Trumpian campaign circles such as Donald Trump Jr show that in the event of Trump's nomination, the old allegations and investigations of illegal or unethical ties to Russia by his circles will resurface and, in the current political climate, will likely cost Trump the election." Donald Trump Jnr has been linked to Russia including admitting to meeting with a Russian lawyer in June 2016 to "get information on an opponent", believed to be Hilary Clinton ahead of his father's election. His meeting with Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya at Trump Tower could constitute a breach of US campaign rules, experts said at the time. By April 19, 2019, The New York Times also reported that "Donald J. Trump and 18 of his associates had at least 140 contacts with Russian nationals and WikiLeaks, or their intermediaries, during the 2016 campaign and presidential transition." READ MORE: Corbyn says he would ‘engage’ with Putin to broker a 'ceasefire' Donald Trump also refused to criticize Vladimir Putin during his 2016 presidential campaign and has reportedly surrounded himself around people who do business with Moscow. But Trump has, in the past, claimed he doesn't have close ties to Putin or Russia. Despite his associates' "illegal or unethical" ties to Russia, Trump's other "proteges" have made him "look even worse". Ms Tsukerman said: "The kiss of death for the political end of the campaign was Trump's call to end the war in Ukraine just as all indicators are showing that Russia is increasingly desperate and has no path to a military victory.  "While Trump's fundraising efforts have been successful (such as the buyout of the NFTs) they are limited to his increasingly narrowing base. "Trump lost a great deal of support as a result of the lacklustre GOP results. "His proteges such as Marjorie Taylor Greene made him look even worse by coming out in support of the January 6 events and underscoring the intent of an attempted political coup, which Trump and his advocates have worked hard to deny. "Steve Bannon's consistent support for the January 8 attempted insurrection in Brazil and the optics of similar tactics and bases of support between Bolsonaro and Trump further eroded the credibility of the campaign and trust in Trump's judgment by many." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews