Valentine's Day is meant to be the most romantic day of the year but some people experienced awful dates on February 14. Social media users took to online forums to share their dating horror stories with a woman with the username @nunoftheother saying on Mumsnet that she recently had the most "disappointing Valentine's Day". The woman explained that she went on a date with a "fairly well-paid 30-year-old professional with his own flat" while she was a new graduate and still hadn't found a job, "so money was very tight". She bought him a "lovely tie from John Lewis and an amusing card" but he bought her "nothing and dumped me six days later". "I asked for the tie back and got a refund," she added. Another one explained that she sent a cute card to her fairly new boyfriend. "It literally said 'Happy Valentine's Day', that was it. Not even a kiss," she explained but apparently, that was too much for him as "he ghosted" her right after. READ MORE: ASDA shopper shares 'life hack' to save you time  Another woman, social media user @lanbro, shared "a weird one" from when she was younger. She went on a date with a guy from the year above in high school, who "came into my maths class to present me with a bouquet of roses". "Embarrassing but nice," she said, "until I opened the card". The Valentine's Day card was a homemade wedding scene cut out of a magazine. Her face was stuck on the bride and there was also "a graveyard and an anagram of his name" even though he gave it to her in person. "I did not go out with him," she added.  On the social media platform Reddit, user @monadologee explained that she went out for Valentine's Day with her boyfriend whom she had been dating for almost a year. The couple went for dinner but right before they left the house, they exchanged presents. "I was going to a fine arts school at this point so I had made him something in class that I was really proud of and hid a gift card to a store he loved inside," she explained. "He gave me one of those £5 stuffed animals and just kind of threw it at me, with no card or anything". After that, they were walking to the car, and he was taking up the entire path so "I'm trying to walk through the mushy grass in heels". READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' "I fall in the mud, practically ruin my dress, and he laughs at me," she said. The worst part was that he didn't even take the present she made for him. He "accidentally" left it at her house when he dropped her off. BuzzFedd recently compiled some of the worst Valentine's Day date nights with one saying: "We went out for dinner. She leaned in to kiss me, and her hair got caught in the candle. "She didn’t realise and proceeded to spread the fire to my very nice dress shirt. She then blamed it on me. Never saw her again." "The guy I'd been seeing gave me black and dead roses, saying that's how he saw our relationship: dead," another one revealed. Valentine’s Day, taking place every year on February 14, mainly involves gifting chocolate, flowers and cards. Although many think it is overly commercialised, experts say that celebrating the romantic day is very positive for a couple. Showing appreciation for each other, caring for each other’s needs and spending time together can strengthen a relationship. Psychology Today explained: "For people whose love language is quality time, this can be a really important one as spending quality time together is important for relationship maintenance and satisfaction."