Trevor Noah, 38, returned to screens on Sunday evening to host the 65th Grammy Awards ceremony for the third year in a row. The comedian was sure to land several jokes but couldn't help himself but to mention Prince Harry's "frost-bitten" penis revelation as he welcomed James Corden to the stage. Trevor is known for his controversial humour, having begun his opening monologue with a joke about the "Chinese Spy balloon". He carried on his quips throughout the evening, and couldn't help but mention the Duke of Sussex when he introduced James Corden to the stage. Noah began: "James Corden is a 12-time Emmy winner and the host of The Late Late Show. "He's also living proof that a man can move from London to LA And not tell everyone about his frost-bitten penis." READ MORE: Adele holds back tears as she dedicates Grammy win to son Angelo Many viewers took to Twitter to call out the comedian for his royal jibe with many also taking to the micro-blogging site to support Trevor. DCLevandowski said: "Did Trevor Noah just diss Prince Harry while introducing James Cordon? Honestly the highlight of the whole ceremony for me." Sweetieselmax added: "The joke that Trevor made about Prince Harry was genius! I loved it!" While MaryAdelewood2 commented: "I bet Harry wasn’t expecting that!" In his explosive, tell-all memoir, Spare, Harry confessed that he was impacted by the early stages of frostbite during William and Kate's wedding in April 2011. He claimed the frostbite affected his cheeks, ears and genitalia, leading him to ask his friends for help with his "todger". Harry wrote: "The last place I wanted to be was Frostnipistan, I'd been trying some home remedies, including one recommended by a friend. "She'd urged me to apply Elizabeth Arden cream." DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lopez makes surprise appearance as she presents first Grammy [HOLLYWOOD] The Grammys sees Lizzo take spotlight in orange as she joins guests [GRAMMYS] Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [PICS] He said to his friend: "My mum used that on her lips. You want me to put that on my todger?", who replied with: 'It works, Harry. Trust me." Harry goes on to describe his "todger" was "softened" by the cream while feeling like his mother was "right there in the room". Trevor took centre stage at this year's Grammys, using his opening monologue with a controversial reference to the "Chinese Spy balloon". He said: "My job is to be your eyes, your ears. I'll be floating around this room. "Think of me like a Chinese spy balloon, that's what I'm doing right now, gathering all the information you want." Trevor was referring to the row over the Chinese spy balloon which entered US airspace earlier this week before it was shot down by a military fighter jet. The comedian’s monologue also included nods to Harry Styles and Beyoncé. He said of Harry, who took the first gong of the evening: "Harry Styles is here tonight, that's right. "What can you say about this man that hasn't been said? Incredible album, mind-blowing - what is its 15-night run at MSG and The Forum? "Women throw their panties at this man and then he puts them on and he looks better in them than they do! Easily the world's sexiest man!"