Jake Paul upped the stakes ahead of his hyped-up battle with Tommy Fury in Saudi-Arabia with a dramatic pre-fight offer to the former Love Island star. The Youtuber-turned-prizefighter almost came to blows with Fury on stage during a bitter pre-fight press conference, but the duo left having shaken hands on an ‘all-or-nothing’ bet ahead of Sunday’s grudge fight in Saudi Arabia. Paul issued Fury - the half brother of heavyweight champion Tyson - with a proposal for a bet that jeopardises his lucrative earnings for the hotly-anticipated duel in the desert. The ‘Problem Child' offered the assured Fury the chance to double his prize money if he wins, but the Brit would lose his total fight purse to his rival should he suffer the ignominy of defeat. "I think we make a deal then since you're so confident," Paul said. "If you win, I'll pay you double what I'm paying you already. If I win I take everything that I'm paying you, deal or no deal since you're so confident? Deal or no deal? I want to shake on it, I just want to shake your hand." Unmoved Fury looked coy when Paul laid down the gauntlet, but his fiery father John agreed to the bet on his behalf by declaring: “You’ve dealt, you’ve got a deal. All or nothing, you’ve got it.”  Fury finally has the chance to settle his feud with Paul in a fight that is two years in the making after he pulled out of two previously scheduled bouts. And he has promised to cruise to a comfortable knockout over undefeated Paul in what he insists is a completely one-sided fight against a boxing novice. But the pressure on Fury has now ramped up to a new level after agreeing to the pre-fight deal. He has never fought in a headline event of this magnitude, while Paul has performed under the bright lights on big shows, albeit against celebrities and former MMA stars. Per Sports Zion, Fury is set to receive a purse of around £1.7million, while his rival takes home £2.6m. Paul is also said to have a 65 per cent cut of the pay-per-view money, taking his earnings up to around £7.2m, while Fury’s 35 per cent takes his fight purse to about £3.7m, with both earnings including sponsorships. MORE BOXING NEWS...Fury could 'murder' Paul in Saudi showdown as Brit tipped to KO rivalHaye 'throuple' may be over after Healy's recent social media activityBenn cleared as enquiry finds 'eggs' responsible for failed tests However, if lawyers behind the scenes make the ‘double or nothing’ bet happen, Fury would boost his huge earnings even more with victory, while he would also risk losing his total purse with a humiliating defeat. Paul, no stranger to pre-fight bets during his fledgling pro boxing career, proved he is serious about the deal in the press conference by claiming his lawyers already have a contract in writing to issue to Fury and his team. The talking between Fury and Paul will be over on Sunday night with ringwalks expected at 9:30pm for the main event contest.