The ninth and final series of Endeavour, returns to ITV next week, and actor Shaun Evans, who plays the eponymous Endeavour, has been speaking out about saying goodbye to the beloved character. First aired on ITV as a single film on 2 January 2012 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Inspector Morse’s TV debut, Endeavour serves as a prequel to that legendary show which starred the late John Thaw as the titular character. This season ties up the loose ends to set up Thaw’s incarnation, explaining how Morse and Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam) parted ways since Thursday doesn’t feature in the later TV series at all. This is something actor Evans was very conscious of as he approached the final series. Although the characters’ lives have been very entwined until this point as the three episodes progress, their bond unravels, something which was necessary. “In terms of the story there needed to be a full stop between Endeavour and the Thursday family,” he said. “All parts of the Thursday family. I felt that needed to be a very definite full stop.” READ MORE: Susanna Reid confirms extended break from Good Morning Britain The dynamic between Fred Thursday and Endeavour has been a surrogate father and son one throughout the past nine seasons. However, the return of Thursday’s real son Sam (Jack Bannon), who had been serving with the British Army in Northern Ireland, affects that. “He (Sam) is not in a great place and needs all of Thursday’s attention. “That further isolates and pushes Endeavour outside of that particular family circle,” revealed Evans. Something that further detaches Endeavor from Thursday is learning that Joan Thursday (Sara Vickers) is engaged to marry Det. Sgt Jim Strange (Sean Rigby). “At the beginning of this series there’s a scene where he reaches out to Joan,” he revealed. “And as he is reaching out in what is new territory for him he realises it is too late. That ship has sailed.” While Strange featured in the Inspector Morse series – having attained an OBE and the rank of Detective Chief Superintendent – Joan didn’t, but nothing was known of the character’s wife so this storyline is still in keeping with the source material. DON'T MISS...Endeavour's Shaun Evans admits 'it's time to move' on as series ends [LATEST]Endeavour season 9 release date, cast, plot explained as finale nears [LATEST]Endeavour's Shaun Evans lands new role as Morse series comes to an end [UPDATE] “Final episodes are always very difficult,” Evans reflected. “What we wanted to do was to end Endeavour in a way that was fitting to all of the enormous work we had put into it over the last 10 years and also to all of the huge support we have had every year from the audience. “To not leave anybody feeling short changed. To leave people feeling emotionally satisfied. “We won’t be seeing Joan and Thursday again. We will see Morse and Strange again ‘later on’ in Inspector Morse but they will be very different versions of themselves. But our story is at its end.” Evans won’t be off screens long as his next major TV role was announced this week. He will lead the cast of a new true crime drama with the working title of Delia Balmer. Based on Balmer’s book Living with a Serial Killer the four-part series will examines the real-life story of how she survived a near-fatal relationship with murderer John Sweeney. The role sees Evans play Sweeney, alongside BAFTA winning Line of Duty and Motherland actress, Anna Maxwell Martin as Balmer. The final series of Endeavour begins airing on ITV1 on February 26th