Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway have been presenting Good Morning Britain on ITV for many years. The news programme airs on weekdays from 6am and the team has to set their alarms for about 3.15am to get to the London Television Studios in time. Reflecting on a new sleep study, the two hosts addressed being "obsessed with going to the loo" and getting "infuriated" with sunrise lamps.  On Friday's instalment of the ITV show, presenter Charlotte Hawkins was eager to know how many hours of sleep viewers got each night. She explained research shows good sleep could extend men's lives by five years and women's by more than two. Turning to Ben and Kate, she said: "I know we are all a bit obsessed with sleep here and how much sleep we get. "But now it's apparently how you get to sleep and how you wake up which is important as well."  READ MORE: Blue Bloods fans rage as they expose plot hole in Erin’s evidence Kate interjected: "And how much you get a night is still vital, isn't it?" The 55-year-old continued: "Oh it gives us more to talk about as going to sleep and going to the loo are the obsessions of breakfast television presenters." Adding to the conversation, Ben revealed his wife has "one of those really annoying lights which slowly lights up" to wake her in the morning. "It's the most infuriating thing," Ben raged. "It takes forever for her to wake up and turn it off.  "When my alarm goes off it is off within about half a second and I am out of bed and I'm up. "But it takes her about 20 minutes to finally get to the full brightness and by then I am furious and I am wide awake. "I am like, 'For heaven's sake, can you just turn the light off?'" "Apparently it's supposed to be calming," he added as Kate pointed out how he'd gone "bright red with fury".  DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [LATEST]Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest [UPDATE]Ed Balls staggered as GMB guest makes brutal dig about his weight  [INISIGHT] Ben joked: "I am like the SAS, speed, aggression, surprise. Turn it off and go. "Annie is like a sloth getting out of bed nice and gently." Ben has been married to Annie Perks since 2004 and they share two children together. The sleep debate continued later in the show, with viewers sympathising with Ben on social media.  But some Good Morning Britain fans admitted they were avid users of the snooze button. However, Kate explained: "The snooze button is a dangerous thing. "If you press the snooze button, you unconsciously tell your brain it's not important to get up." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV and ITVX. 