Viewers will be thrilled to hear that Alison Steadman and Larry Lamb, who played Gavin’s (played by Mathew Horne) parents Mick and Pam Shipman will be returning to Barry Island in a three-part travel series. The new show comes nearly four years after they reprised their iconic roles in Gavin and Stacey's 2019 Christmas special. Paying homage to their characters on the hit BBC series, the pair again travel from Billericay in Essex to the Welsh seaside destination. But there will be a few surprises and special guests on the way. Commenting on the new show, Alison said: "I can’t wait to take this trip down memory lane to explore Pam and Mick’s neck of the woods. “As well as so many other locations are precious to me.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV She added: “And who better to do it with than Larry! I’m so excited to be reunited." Larry also spoke of his excitement about reuniting with his on-screen wife for the new show. Agreeing with Alison he said: "I am really looking forward to reminiscing with Alison whilst taking the trip from Billericay to Barry. “It was such a huge part in the plot of Gavin and Stacey. This journey holds a special place in my heart and I hope the fans are pleased with it.” The new show comes as Gavin and Stacey co-creator Ruth Jones shot down any hopes of another reunion in the near future. Ruth, who played Nessa in the sitcom, starred alongside Late Late Show host James Corden. James played Nessa’s on-off love Interest Smithy in the programme. DON'T MISS: Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding  [TV]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [LATEST]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [NEWS] Speaking to the Independent after the success of the 2019 Christmas special, the writer said she had no plans to bring the highly successful show back to life. She said: "I'm really highly complimented that people love it so much. "But it is quite an extraordinary thing. It’s almost like you mention the words Gavin and Stacey and people assume it’s back. But it’s not." She added "I’m sure, at some point, James [Corden] and I will write something together.  “But it won’t be Gavin and Stacey," Ruth added, diminishing any hopes fans had. She continued "Certainly when he’s back in the UK, I would have thought we would try and get together and write again because it was such fun to do that.” That being said, there's every chance that some familiar faces might pop up in Alison and Larry's upcoming adventure. Alison & Larry: Billericay To Barry is set to air later this summer on Gold.