A 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was fatally stabbed in a “targeted” attack in West Yorkshire. Detective Chief Inspector Alan Weekes of the local police force said there had been a “very serious incident” in Huddersfield, with two males and one female teenager arrested in connection with the stabbing. The police have appealed for further information as they launch an investigation into the death of the 17-year-old, who succumbed to his injuries in hospital later on Monday.   Police were called to Kings Mill Lane at 3.57am after a report was received of a teenager lying on the ground. The 17-year-old was rushed to hospital for emergency treatment but medics were unable to save his life. Two males aged 37 and 14 were detained following the incident and remain in custody. A 19-year woman was also arrested in connection with the investigation.      The incident triggered road closures at Somerset Road, Dog Kennel Bank, Smithy Lane and Colne Street. The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team is now appealing for witnesses as enquiries begin. Detective Chief Inspector Alan Weekes of the West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiry Team (HMET) described the investigation is “fast-moving”. He said: “Officers are carrying out a number of fast-moving inquiries following a very serious incident in Huddersfield today in which a young man has lost his life.     “We do believe the attack was targeted and are continuing to hold two males in custody for questioning in what has now become a murder inquiry. “I am appealing for witnesses and information from the public and would like to speak with anyone who saw the attack on the victim or suspicious activity in the Kings Mill Lane area from about 3.40am to 4am today or has any footage which can assist inquiries.” Detective Superintendent Stuart Bainbridge of Kirklees Police said: “Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team officers are patrolling in the Kings Mill Lane area today to reassure residents and specially trained officers are working to support the victim’s family. “We do recognise the concern knife crime causes in neighbourhoods and have extensive work ongoing across Kirklees with colleagues, including Operation Jemlock, to reduce this kind of offending and take action against those who carry knives."      He added: “Tackling knife crime remains our number one priority in the district and all necessary resources are being employed to achieve it.” Anyone who has information or footage which could assist inquiries is asked to contact HMET on 101 or by using the wwww.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat service, quoting log 0138 of February 20. Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.   