Burt Bacharach died of natural causes on Wednesday at home in Los Angeles. The Oscar-winner amassed eight Grammy Awards in addition to three Academy Awards for a glittering career that included iconic tracks like Do You Know The Way To San Jose, Alfie and I Say A Little Prayer. The greatest names in the music industry recorded his music but a transatlantic battle erupted when a US and UK star clashed over one of Bacharach's most beautiful songs. SCROLL DOWN TO LISTEN TO THE TWO VERSIONS American legend Dionne Warwick was widely acknowledged as Bacharach's muse but always felt that her British rival had ruined her chances of UK success by jumping in and recording some of the composer's biggest hits and releasing them over here first. The single launched Cilla's career, selling over a million copies and establishing her as a star for five decades. Warwick said: "From 1962, when I first met that woman, there was a confrontation. She stole my songs and I was not a very happy camper about that." And then again on Lorraine in 2019, Warwick had another go: "I was not pleased, of course, that she covered my recording of Anyone Who Had a Heart. Prior to at least giving me the time and exposure." Cilla herself later said of the feud over Anyone Had A Heart: "Dionne was dead choked and she's never forgiven me to this day." However, Warwick took comfort when she gained a little "revenge" over Cilla with another classic Bacharach recording. She said: "Then she did a little thing called Alfie. I was the 47th person to record Alfie, and I must say I’m very proud I’m the only one to have a hit record with it." DON'T MISSBrian May told Freddie Mercury to 'stop fighting annoying Queen fans'John Lennon's chart-topping solo hit was originally a Beatles songElvis’ incredible generosity – King’s cousin shares five more facts Extraordinarily, there was almost a film about the whole saga, starring another huge star. In 2016, Warwick posed in Cannes in front of a poster announcing a biopic of her life focussing on the 1960s, with Lady Gaga set to play Cilla. At the time Warwick told reporters she regarded the British star as her "nemesis." Cilla Black's estate released a statement about the casting saying: "We think Lady Gaga is fabulous. She's a great actress and we really look forward to seeing her portrayal." Even more extraordinarily, representatives for Lady Gaga then denied she was at all involved in the project.