These concessions for benefit claimants are more commonly known as social tariffs, which are deals provided by broadband providers. The discounts are reserved for people who are either on low income or who get means-tested DWP benefits. In recent months, the Government has made a conscious effort to promote the benefits of social tariffs to the British public. According to the Government, DWP payment claimants can get £180 off their broadband bill a year if they get on social tariffs. With the cost of living crisis likely to continue for the foreseeable future, people on means-tested benefits can make big savings. Examples of the DWP’s most popular means-tested payments include Universal Credit and Pension Credit. If a payment is means-tested, claimants’ income, capital and savings will be taking into account when determining their eligibility. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Among the broadband providers which provide social tariffs to their customers in need, include: Sky is one of the latest broadband companies to launch a social tariff which was welcomed by the Government. Mims Davies, the Minister for Social Mobility, Youth and Progression, encouraged the provider’s customers to apply if they are eligible. The politician explained: “It’s positive to see a major provider, such as Sky, sign up to our scheme, making it easier for families to access cheaper broadband and mobile tariffs in difficult times, and I call on other providers to follow suit in offering this type of tariff for those in need. “Claimants who think they might be eligible for one of these tariffs, should contact their provider. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “This is just one of the ways we are working to help households during these tough times as part of the government’s £37billion support package for those most in need. “Do use the DWP benefits calculator, which is a helpful tool for those looking to see if they could access wider support.” Stephen van Rooyen, the executive vice president and chief executive officer of Sky in the UK and Europe, broke down why the provider has opted to do this. He added: “We know how important connectivity is to our customers, which is why we are focussed on ways we can support them to stay online. "As well as support with bills, we also provide existing, eligible customers with a broadband and mobile social tariff, helping them stay connected for a significantly reduced cost. “The Department for Work and Pensions eligibility tool is a useful step forward, enabling us to more easily confirm eligibility.” Outside of broadband, social tariffs can also help reduce the cost of other utilities and expenses. These include concessions for mobile phone contracts and deals on television boxes from providers.