Prince Harry is "shivering in his boots about royal retaliation" following the release of his tell-all memoir, sources have told Angela Levin. "He must know he's disrespected his father and brother's privacy so no reason to be surprised if and when he is exposed," the royal biographer claimed on Twitter, adding that "he should have trod more carefully". In autobiography Spare, released on January 10, Harry claims his brother physically attacked him as their relationship frayed over the Duke's marriage to Meghan Markle. Recounting a tense exchange at his London home in 2019, Harry says William called Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, which Harry calls a “parrot[ing of] the press narrative” about his American wife. The confrontation then turned physical, Harry writes, when William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. The Duke also makes a number of controversial claims about his stepmother and father's wife, Queen Consort Camilla. READ MORE: William left 'gobsmacked' after Harry 'dragged Kate into harmful row' Harry claimed his stepmother posed a danger because of the need to "rehabilitate her image" after being referred to as "the third person" in Princess Diana's marriage to King Charles. Polling suggests the general public have not taken kindly to Harry and Meghan's recent media pursuits. The backlash has been particularly striking in the US, where the Sussexes have historically enjoyed greater support than in the UK. Recent polling of 2,000 eligible voters in the US found Meghan to be less popular than Camilla.  The Duchess of Sussex had a net approval rating of -13 and Camilla is at -8. The polling came six days after the publication of Harry's bombshell memoir. The Duke's favourability rating dropped 45 points from +38 in December - when the first poll was conducted - to -7 in January. Overall, 44 percent of Americans surveyed in the Newsweek poll said they felt Harry should not have revealed private family conversations in Spare, compared with 26 percent who backed the prince's decision. DON'T MISS:Horror as gunman kills three and wounds five [LATEST]US 'not doing enough' to protect airspace [REPORT]Teen found alive and pregnant in wardrobe after going missing [INSIGHT] Despite the fierce backlash on both sides of the pond, Harry and Meghan are reportedly included on the King's Coronation guest list, Express.co.uk exclusively revealed. “They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama,” a Whitehall source said. Officials especially want to reduce the chance of Harry and Prince William being seen in public together, and are organising seating arrangements in Westminster Abbey to avoid the brothers being pictured close to one another, the source said. Invitations to the Westminster Abbey service will be sent out in the next few weeks after the final guest list is confirmed, the insider said. But they confirmed Harry and Meghan are currently on the 2,000-strong list, alongside royals, dignitaries and world leaders. The Palace is currently working in close consultation with No10 and the Foreign Office to finalise the guest list.