William Shakespeare has fallen foul of modern-day sensibilities after theatre bosses slapped a “misogyny and racism” warning on A Midsummer Night’s Dream. The playwright’s enduring comedy has been regularly performed at the three incarnations of London’s Globe Theatre for the past 400 years. The latest version, telling the tale of four rebellious lovers who get lost in a magical forest, is set to run from April as part of a summer season. But theatregoers buying a ticket on the Globe’s website will be given a trigger warning for potentially sensitive themes in the 16th-century play. It reads: “Content guidance: the play contains language of violence, sexual references, misogyny and racism.” It ends with a plea to anyone concerned about its themes to contact the ticketing team. The venue, which opened in 1997, is a replica of the original Globe theatre built by Shakespeare’s company the Lord Chamberlain’s Men.  It is recognised worldwide for its close links to the Bard. The Globe said: “Content guidance is written in advance of the creation of each production and based on what is present in the play. “These will be updated as the production comes to life.” The trigger warning comes after education experts at the theatre attacked the play for its misogyny. A major comic plot line in the play, which was written around 1595 and premiered in 1605, sees King Oberon give a love potion to Queen Titania so that she falls for the ass-headed ­character Bottom. Academics, who have also aimed to “decolonise” the Bard’s work, say this is troubling because Titania is drugged, so she cannot consent. Hailey Bachrach, the founder of the project Shakespeare and Consent, said this kind of thread can “make Shakespeare problematic”. Another potential issue comes with Hermia fleeing Athens because she must choose between marrying against her will, being executed or being placed in a convent. In recent times the Globe has sought to address the more troubling aspects of Shakespeare’s plays with anti-racist seminars. 