Brian Moore is the former director general of UK Border Force and the director of Global Secure Accreditation. He explained the steps every tourist should take when they check into a hotel. Brian said: “Make sure the room doors have automatic closing mechanisms and a double lock. “Scan for faulty locks on arrival, check the door closes fully when you leave the room, and alert the staff immediately to any issues.” Although the risks of having a faulty hotel door are low, tourists should check that their door closes completely when they leave the room. Tourists may need to apply pressure to close the door or even lock it behind them in some older hotels or rental accommodation. READ MORE: Cruise passenger explains reason drinks package is ‘not worth it’ Brian recommends that tourists take a door wedge on holiday or request one from hotel staff for extra security. A wedge can be used against the door for an additional layer of protection when tourists are inside the room. Brian warned: “Never say your room number out loud, this prevents someone from approaching the reception desk and attempting to get a key by pretending to know you. “Use your last name instead. Politely but firmly challenge staff who say your name and room number in the presence of others outside of your group.” It’s best to keep your room number secret as it will stop people from following you or attempting to gain access to the room. Although hotel staff shouldn’t allow people up to a room without the guest’s permission, tourists should avoid sharing their name. When it comes to valuables, Brian recommends tourists keep all their most important possessions in the hotel safe. He added: “You can also bring a suitcase padlock in the event the room safe is broken into, or a thicker bike lock to chain your bag to the bed or another heavy object.” READ MORE: The worst things British tourists do on a foreign holiday Suitcase padlocks can be purchased online or tourists can even buy luggage with an inbuilt lock. On a city break or beach holiday, tourists are probably planning to spend the majority of their time outside the room. Brian said: “Leave the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign hanging on your bedroom door when you leave for the day to create the illusion you’re inside.” Hotel staff won’t enter a room with the "Do Not Disturb" sign on and opportunistic thieves may be deterred as well. In the majority of hotels, the "Do Not Disturb" sign can be found hanging on the inside of the hotel door. Brian added: “Avoid making transactions, entering passwords or opening secure information while connected to the hotel’s Wi-Fi. Ensure you are connecting to the hotel’s network and not a similarly named fake one.” Hotel networks could be easily hacked so it’s best to avoid sensitive interactions while using them. Scammers could also try to copy the hotel’s Wi-Fi name to trick travellers so be careful to sign onto the right one.