Lando Norris has admitted he would happily break FIA rules over driver protests as he called for a change of mind over the controversial rule change. The McLaren star blasted FIA bosses for “limiting” drivers and claimed F1’s stars were “grown up enough” to make their own calls.  It comes after FIA chiefs have banned drivers from making personal political gestures ahead of races in a bid to keep the sport “neutral”. FIA president Mohammed ben Sulayem has previously suggested drivers could be punished if they failed to abide by the rules. However, the plans have been met by opposition from many including Red Bull’s Max Verstappen and Mercedes boss Toto Wolff. Norris said: “I don't know what the penalty is but if it is a fine or something I will be happy to break it. "I feel like there has been quite a bit of pressure and enough said to maybe make a u-turn but I think F1 has made things clear of what they think is acceptable and what we should be able to do as drivers - that is what I stand by. READ MORE: McLaren fans rave over 'epic' launch as Red Bull criticism avoided  "We are not in a school. We should not have to ask about everything and say can we do this, can we do that? I think we are grown up enough to try and make smart decisions.” The sport had embraced activism with the ‘We Race As One’ message a key part of previous events. However, Ben Sulayem has claimed drivers would need to get permission in writing ahead of events to make any kind of gesture. The president has also suggested drivers should stick to racing and make statements on social media instead. The move could have a massive effect on Lewis Hamilton who has passionately campaigned ahead of races since the start of 2020. DON'T MISSLando Norris explains Zak Brown's 'orders' over Oscar Piastri battle [COMMENT]Zak Brown outlines what McLaren must do to keep Lando Norris  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton could be replaced by fellow British F1 ace [ANALYSIS] Norris stressed drivers would no longer enjoy their media duties if the new rule went ahead. He explained: "I don't think F1 or the rules should go in the direction of limiting what we do and say and influence as drivers. "We are only wanting to do things for the best, we are not going to want to use it in any bad way. We are doing it because we have millions of fans, millions of viewers that we can influence and guide and use to help them personally. "We should be able to say and do what we want, that's what defines us, that's what makes us human.”