Many Call the Midwife fans were left upset when Lucille (played by Leonie Elliot) left her life in Poplar and her husband Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) behind. Viewers were hoping Lucille would make a return for the series 12 finale to see Trixie Franklin (Helen George) and Matthew Alyward (Olly Rix) get married, however, it's been confirmed actress Leonie will not be returning at all as she has quit the show after playing the loveable nurse and midwife for six years. Lucille first left the BBC series during the second episode after she was struggling to cope with the workload, pressures of married life and being unable to fall pregnant. After a consultation with Dr Turner (Stephen McGann), Cyril suggested Lucille take some time away and used the money from their savings to buy her a one-way ticket to the Caribbean. Since leaving, viewers have not seen or heard from Lucille, even after Cyril set up a phone call with his wife only to find out she had found herself a new job and was busy. Taking to Twitter, Leonie said after her final scenes: "This season was incredibly difficult to film. Thank you for all your kind words. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis "It's my hope for people watching that if they can see the good in her, maybe they can extend that to people in real life. "I care about her deeply. Many share her story of miscarriage and depression, and many share her experience of abuse, racial or otherwise. "Many of us face mental health challenges, I hope we can continue to love one another, support and listen to each other. "Look after yourselves and each other.” (sic) As season 12 drew to a close last night, many fans took to their Twitter accounts to express their sadness on Lucille's absence. @namenzie commented: "Haven't started watching S12 of #CallTheMidwife yet but thought I'd take a peek at Trixie's wedding... "Shocked and sad to learn that Lucille has left, the main reason I've watched since S7. She will be missed. Well done, Ms Elliott." Jill Pay added: "Such a great character and so well played. I just wanted Lucille to turn up through #CallTheMidwife." DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [INSIGHT]Coronation Street heartache as Kevin Webster receives devastating news [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [WATCH] @crieffite said: "#CalltheMidwife Wonderful episode tonight - happiness, laughter, sadness and now I'm worrying what Collette's nose bleeds are leading up to, can't wait for the show to come back. Wish Lucille hadn't left the show, she will be greatly missed." Jenny Johnson expressed: "Apart from Lucille not turning up to surprise poor Cyril, the #CallTheMidwife season finale was just perfect ." Simon Trimnell wrote: "Wonderfully written, sadness and happiness as life is. I was hoping Lucille would get home to see it. Sad that it’s finished #callthemidwife." Gemma Louise Ashton tweeted: "But Lucille was meant to come back for it and surprise us all #CallTheMidwife." (sic) Cyril will return for series 13 in which the engineer takes on volunteer work at a homeless shelter without his beloved wife. In the finale, Cyril surveyed Nonnatus House to help with the sale of the building to property developer Matthew after the house was under threat of being shut down. The drama has been commissioned for two further series, taking it to 2026, when the action on screen will have reached 1971. Jenny Agutter’s character Sister Julienne announced Nonnatus was to become a training centre ahead of series 13. Call the Midwife series 1-12 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.