Meghan Markle previously admitted to “loving food” and when she worked on the set of Suits, she would need “decadent treats” as well as “nourishing” snacks to help her get through a day’s filming. The Duchess of Sussex also revealed one of her go-to meals, which involves her mother, Doria Ragland’s favourite seasoning blend. Meghan said: “I love food. Unapologetically so. With long shooting hours for season two of USA’s Suits, it's important to balance the decadent treats that make my heart go pitter pat and the nourishment that fuels my body. “My favourite foods run the gamut from healthy to indulgent, but rest assured, they are always delicious. “Just like my character, Rachel Zane, I'm a foodie, so if I'm going to eat it, it has to be good.” Her “go-to meal” when filming was seasoned vegetable quinoa salad which she would prepare in advance for the week. READ MORE: King Charles’ unusual food quirks that royal chefs 'have to consider' She explained: “At the start of each week, I generally cook a box of quinoa, and while it's simmering, I saute onions, garlic and any veggies I have on hand in a separate pan. “I season the vegetables with a seasoning blend my mom always used when I was growing up. I always add crushed red pepper and chopped fresh herbs. “Toss this veggie mixture into the finished quinoa and eat it as a side dish, poured on top of a kale salad, or as an easy snack.” Meghan said this dish “stores for days in your fridge” so is great for anyone who is time-poor but wants a healthy, nutritious meal. DON'T MISS...50-year-old 'mistaken for 40’ thanks to Aldis age-defying cream [COMMENT]Stop tulips drooping by using a pin or a penny [VIDEO]Kate’s clever styling to make sure no bra straps or knicker lines show [EXPERT] Quinoa is a complete protein and gluten-free, and is extremely popular for replacing rice or pasta or jazzing up a salad. Quinoa is also low in calories and fat, and studies have suggested it can improve gut health. Another meal Meghan loves to cook is one from her childhood, that Doria used to make for her. Meghan explained how her mum “cooked a lot of turkey when I was growing up”. She mentioned, meatloaf, burgers, and minced turkey being made into shepherd’s pie. Her “childhood was the Bubba Gump of turkey,” she joked. READ MORE: Chef’s ‘easy’ technique to make the ‘most perfect poached egg’ “You'd think I would be sick of it, but when I find gems like Gwyneth Paltrow's turkey meatball recipe, it's as though the fowl is no longer foul to me,” Meghan added. Meghan particularly enjoyed Gwyneth Paltrow's turkey meatball recipe because of the “hint of lemon zest” which she says “elevates the dish to another level”. “It's amazing and definitely worth trying,” she told Today.com. Turkey is rich in protein and lower in fat than chicken. It is a lean meat and a good choice for anyone health conscious. One small onion, coarsely choppedOne cup rocket, coarsely choppedQuart of a cup Italian parsley (I used dried)Two cloves garlic, coarsely choppedEight fresh sage leaves (I used dried)Eight fresh basil leavesLeaves from four sprigs of thymeLeaves from one sprig of rosemary450g ground turkeyOne tsp coarse sea saltHalf a tsp freshly ground black pepperFour cups of tomato sauceThree tbsp olive oil In a food processor, pulse onion, arugula, parsley, garlic, sage, basil, thyme, and rosemary until finely chopped. In a bowl, combine onion-herb mixture with turkey, salt, and pepper; mix with hands. Roll the turkey mixture into 24 gold ball-sized meatballs. In a large pot over low heat, warm tomato sauce. In a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil. Cook meatballs in a skillet in batches, turning over, until browned, 10 minutes. Transfer meatballs, to simmering sauce, partially covering the pot. Cook meatballs, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Serve hot with pasta or polenta or vegetables. 334 calories per six meatballs with sauce, 19g fat, 17g carbs, 5g fibre, 26g protein.