Liverpool star Cody Gakpo may have made a mistake moving to Anfield when he did, claims Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman. The forward is yet to score for the Reds since joining from PSV Eindhoven at the beginning of the January transfer window. Gakpo was linked with a move to the Premier League for several months. The Dutchman had backed up his fine form from last season by starting this campaign on fire. He scored nine goals and registered 12 assists in 14 Eredivisie appearances. Manchester United were interested in signing the 23-year-old. But it was Liverpool who moved to secure a deal late in January, and he signed just days later. However, his early days on Merseyside haven't gone quite to plan. READ MORE: Haaland 'makes request to lawyers' with Man City star planning to jump ship  Koeman is Gakpo's new boss at international level. And he has suggested Liverpool were not the right club at the time to join due to their below-par performances this season. Speaking on the YouTube channel of former Netherlands winger Andy van der Meyde, Koeman said: "The level in England is higher than in the Netherlands, but they are also young boys, aren't they? Like [Ryan] Gravenberch going to Bayern and not playing. Then that is difficult. "You can see that, that he [Gakpo] has ended up in a team that is not doing well. Then it becomes more difficult for him, as a new signing. "You are tested right away. And if you don't score or you're not important and you don't win any matches, it's very difficult, especially for a young player. If that was someone aged 28 with experience, it would be different." DON'T MISSBilly Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourMan Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advertMan Utd takeover: Four exciting details about Qataris and plans to remove Glazers  Gakpo has made three starts in the Premier League but is yet to register a goal or an assist. He also featured in three games in the FA Cup where he was also unable to make an impact. Gakpo admits he is working with Jurgen Klopp in order for him to adapt to the style he plays. He said: "It's always different when you come into a team that was maybe first and winning every game, but it's now in a little bit of a difficult situation. "So for me it is to come in and show what I can. If we were in first I have to do that and now we are in another place I have to do that also. I just try to show my best side. "The coach gave me a really warm welcome and I really appreciated it. We had a good conversation and now he is helping me to adapt as fast as possible in the team and to his style of playing. To do that I need to keep working hard and improving."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here