Liverpool fans could be forgiven for looking on enviously at their rivals Manchester United after moving swiftly to make a signing on transfer deadline day. The Reds were noticeably quiet on the final day of the January transfer window as Jurgen Klopp failed to make a signing, while teams around them strengthened their squads. Erik ten Hag decided to bring in Marcel Sabitzer on loan until the end of the season from Bayern Munich to provide cover for the injured Christian Eriksen. Not too long ago, the Austrian had been linked with a move to Anfield. Elsewhere, Chelsea paid a British record £107million to sign Enzo Fernandez and Arsenal captured Jorginho from the Blues. A downcast Klopp revealed on the penultimate day before the transfer window closed that there would be "no business" at the club despite their recent woes and need for midfielders. And so it proved as no new signings arrived other than Cody Gakpo, the £50m attacker who signed from PSV Eindhoven early in the window. Klopp has spoken at length about his desire to sign a new midfielder, although the German clarified it had to be the right player. Some would argue an experienced and creative player such as Sabitzer, with an abundance of Bundesliga experience and of playing in the Champions League, would have fit the criteria before moving for Jude Bellingham in the summer. READ MORE: Liverpool January transfers review as masterstroke fails to hide bust Instead, Liverpool fans could only watch on as United snapped up the 28-year-old. Even some of the players who United turnd down, from free agent Isco to Lyon playmaker Houssem Aouar, may have proved to be better than signing no one at all. While Klopp is left to try and squeeze some life out of his underachieving players for the rest of the season, the supporters made their feelings clear on social media, attacking the club's owners - the Fenway Sports Group - for failing to reach into their pocket. One user, @AnfieldRd96, wrote: "Eriksen injured until April. Man Utd go and get Sabitzer. Liverpool player gets injured. Club is sleeping." DON'T MISSLiverpool transfer U-turn likely after Klopp hit by injury setbackLiverpool to field rare partnership after Ibrahima Konate injuryLiverpool guru Ward's work 'not done' as chief key to Bellingham Another by the name of 'Elliott' said: "It’s not like we’re asking for world-class players either. Just someone to fill the gaps we have." @cmonster1808 tweeted: "What I don’t get is why our fans aren’t annoyed by this? We were laughing at them three years ago during the 'Ole in' stage. Now the roles are reversed and LFC fans aren’t fazed." And one fan, Shane Pillay, hit out at FSG's lack of support: "It's so annoying to follow this transfer market. FSG have let us slip so far behind, whatever they do in the summer, it won't cover up for not being active now on the market." Liverpool are currently 10 points behind fourth-placed United with a game in hand before they travel to Molineux on Saturday to face Wolves. And there may be some concerns about their hopes of climbing the table after finishing the transfer window on a disappointing note.