Sophie Wessex is on a brief royal tour to the Caribbean, where she has visited the Cayman Islands and the Turks and Caicos Islands so far. Thursday was the Countess of Wessex's last day in the Turks and Caicos Islands, where she was seen wearing a beautiful designer dress. The Countess attended a Women in Leadership Tea Party as her final event in the Turks and Caicos Islands, where she wore an Erdem Nixie Dress. The description says: "Crafted from wispy silk, the frame skimming Nixie dress is shaped with a neatly nipped-in waist cinched with a trailing tie and swathed in opening florals sprouting across its flared panels." The beautiful gold and white dress costs a whopping £1,395 and looks incredible on the Countess, giving her an amazing cinched waist. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton stays slim with clever 'choices' and 'delicious' meal  To accessorise, the Countess carried a Sophie Habsburg "Noe" bag in a "military" colour for £280. This bag features two compartments, it has one internal pocket, has an open top with a zip, and works as a shoulder bag. For footwear, Sophie reached inside her own wardrobe for a pair of shoes that she already owned. The Countess wore her Penelope Chilvers High "Catalina" Cotton Espadrilles in Stone. These shoes cost £129 and look so comfortable for the summery weather. The description says: "Our High Catalina is the very definition of a blank canvas in a perfect off-white that will complement just about everything this season! "This high jute wedge has a peep toe front and canvas back strap and comes with tonal cotton laces. "Easy as an everyday style but perfect for customising for an occasion with a coloured velvet ribbon. READ MORE: Zara and Mike decorate their Cotswolds home with 'earthy' colours  "Why not choose from our Espadrille Workshop range of cotton and velvet interchangeable laces to add a touch of colour and contrast. "Simply thread your laces through the eyelets for an instant update. Our cotton espadrilles are suitable for vegans."  Royal fans loved Sophie's style for her final day in the Turks and Caicos Islands. Instagram user @stephaniedmv said: "Love the new Erdems today." Royal watcher @marinolascom added: "She looks amazing!" Instagram account @lisauyder wrote: "She really is working so hard. Love to see it! Always looking very nice, and appropriate." However, not everyone was as keen. @cattym63 commented: "Don't like the dress this time. I don't like the colours or the print. She looks better in blue, green, red or orange." In addition, @la_nadi_kovic said: "What is wrong with her bag selection, just why? Those bags are hideous. Sorry! Besides that, she looks lovely."