ITV broadcaster Ranvir Singh stepped in to host Lorraine at the last minute after she was contacted by the Scottish presenter's team less than two hours before Wednesday's show aired. Ranvir, 45, sent a touching message to Lorraine Kelly who has come down with a "hideous bug" while hosting the longtime talk show. At the end of Wednesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, host Kate Garraway asked if Ranvir had made it into the Lorraine studio in time. Ranvir appeared on the screen and admitted: "I got a call from the editor at 7.18am and I was asleep, but I was on the train for 7.30am. "I am quite proud of myself this morning." The host added: "Anyway, we want Lorraine to be well, don't we? But thanks so much Kate and Ed [Balls] there." READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error As Wednesday's episode of Lorraine got underway, Ranvir and the guests sent their best regards to the veteran broadcaster. Ranvir explained to guest Doctor Anisha Patel: "Listen, we are all thinking of Lorraine this morning, she is such a trooper. "But when a bug hits and you can't shake it off and you feel that sick, there is only one option, and that is to go home and lie down for a bit." She asked the doctor why people are getting hit so hard with bugs this winter, admitting she was ill for two weeks earlier this year.  Anisha explained: "Get well soon Lorraine, I hope you are resting up with fluids and painkillers, we know stomach bugs at the minute are all going around and it is really, really common." The medical professional explained people were not as exposed to bugs during the coronavirus pandemic and their bodies are retraining themselves to shift illnesses. She warned how stomach bugs can last between three and seven days, urging sufferers to stay hydrated.  DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly is sent home minutes before going on air [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly reaches out to Dan Walker after being 'knocked out' [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly tears into Brooklyn Beckham's 'joyless' wedding [INTERVIEW]   Lorraine took to Twitter on Wednesday morning ahead of her ITV talk show airing to confirm she was "suddenly being attacked" by an illness. The 63-year-old penned: "When you have to be sent home from work early in the morning because you are suddenly attacked by a hideous bug and were looking forward to interviewing @adamlambert THAT! "Beyond disappointed but imagine if I had infected him." (sic) Many of her followers commented on her post, with Chris Lawson sharing: "Gutted for you Lorraine! Always love your interviews with Adam! A fellow Dundonian interviewing the best singer on the planet."  Former American Idol star Adam Lambert is the frontman of Queen + Adam Lambert. Judy commented: "So sorry Lorraine. I always love your interviews with Adam. I'm sure you will feel better soon." Dani added: "Oh no, that is awful… Hope you get well very soon. Adam is one of a kind. A vocal God." Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV and ITVX. 