King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla will pay a visit to Germany at the end of March, Berlin has announced. While in the capital the King is expected to make a speech adressing the German Parliament, the Bundestag. Buckingham Palace have not confirmed whether the visit will take place. This comes as French media reported that the King would make his first overseas stop in Paris, with President Macron extending an invitation to Charles in September. He said: "I had the opportunity to invite King Charles to come to France when it is appropriate for him." It is thought Their Majesties will travel to France on the week of March 27, and then go on to Hamburg afterwards. They are expected to be in Berlin on March 30 for the King to make his speech to the Bundestag. The silence regarding the trip from Buckingham Palace is not unusual, as royal visits are usually confirmed just a few days before for security reasons. Katja Mast, First Parliamentary Secretary of the SPD (Social Democratic Party) parliamentary group told the German Press Agency: "I am pleased that the British leader, King Charles III, will speak in the Bundestag. "The German-British friendship is of particular importance for Europe and the world, especially after Brexit and in times of the imperialist war of aggression by Putin in Ukraine, which violates international law." READ MORE: Charles and William can 'bring the monarchy to the people'–campaigner No long-haul travel to the Commonwealth has been confirmed, with countries such as Australia, New Zealand and Canada common destinations for royal visits. Since becoming King Charles has made a number of trips within the UK and has had a busy week of engagements. Yesterday he met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky at Buckingham Palace for the first time. DON'T MISS:Princess Kate melts hearts as she dotes over baby in Cornwall visit [LATEST]Second US politician shot dead in a car in space of one week [SPOTLIGHT]Group tried to feed trapped bear Pop-Tarts and cat food [REVEAL] On the same day he also visited east London with his wife to meet with Brick Lane's Bangladeshi community and their anti-racism activists. He made time in his schedule to visit the University of East London's Stratford campus, where he greeted students and opened a new hospital and primary care training hub. The King met with three young mothers and their children at the hub's baby development lab, which researches the impact of urban life on a child's early years.