Psychological thriller You is the dark-humoured, violent and often romantic drama that fans have been waiting for. Season four premiered on Netflix this week with Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) starting his new life in London under the name of Professor Jonathan Moore. Of course, wherever Joe goes, scandal and murder are never too far away. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You. You season four made its debut on Netflix on Thursday, February 9, but unfortunately, not all episodes have come out. The international streamer has instead decided to split the series into two parts to leave subscribers wanting more. Netflix also followed this release date pattern with popular shows like Firefly Lane, Money Heist, and Lupin. Therefore, only the first five episodes of You season four were dropped on the initial release date. READ MORE: The Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ In total, You's fourth outing is going to consist of 10 episodes, with part two also containing five instalments. There will be a little wait before the next lot of episodes arrive on Netflix, with You season four part two coming out on Thursday, March 9. After this date, all 10 instalments of You series four will be ready to watch, as well as the previous three seasons, which remain on the streamer. Given the midseason cliffhanger, subscribers are going to be eager to find out what happens next. After leaving the comfort of London behind for a break in the countryside, Joe finds himself hiding another body, this time socialite Gemma. He discovered Kate (Charlotte Ritchie) with Gemma's bloodied corpse, but the former was adamant she wasn't the killer and so Joe helped her hide the body. However, when Roald (Ben Wiggins) caught Joe standing over Gemma, he assumed he was the "Eat the Rich" killer who had been murdering his friends. This led to Roald hunting Joe down in the woods with a shotgun until Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers) put a stop to it. DON'T MISS...John Cleese insists 'I’m not doing Fawlty Towers with the BBC' [EXPLAINER]Ex-EastEnders and Coronation Street stars join Father Brown this week [CAST]Squid Game reality show faces health and safety review [REVEALED] Rhys wasn't there acting as a good guy, it was quickly discovered, as he admitted to being the mysterious texter messaging Joe. He wanted revenge against the rich and as he found out about his past, Rhys wanted Joe's help. When Joe wasn't happy about killing Roald and assisting with his future plans, Rhys set the basement on fire which the duo only narrowly escaped from. In the final few moments, Joe is seen watching TV when Rhys appears on the screen. He says that he is going to run for Mayor of London, but can Joe put an end to his power trip before it's too late? You season four will come out in full on Thursday, March 9, on Netflix. In regards to the drama's future, this is still unclear, as many were certain it wouldn't be back for a fourth series, let alone a fifth. However, Netflix has neither confirmed or denied the show's renewal so fans will have to wait and see. You is available to watch on Netflix.