Jurgen Klopp can understand why some people would want him out of Liverpool with the club enduring a below-par campaign, but he still believes he's the right man for the job. after years of battling with Manchester City at the top of the table as well as enjoying success in Europe, Liverpool have fallen to new lows this year and now face a tough battle to secure Champions League football for next season. Impressive back-to-back wins over Everton and Newcastle appeared to offer some respite for the under-pressure Liverpool boss heading into the Real Madrid match earlier this week and taking a two-goal lead at Anfield against Carlo Ancelotti's side soon had fans dreaming about revenge from last year's final. But they were quickly brought back down to earth as Real levelled the match before the break and then scored three more in a chastening defeat for Klopp's side. It leaves them with a mountain to climb in the second leg next month with Liverpool's main focus now being to climb up the league table and finish inside the top four. Liverpool have come under scrutiny for not making the necessary changes to their squad last summer, with a midfield overhaul a top priority. But while Klopp accepts criticism, he's confident that no other manager would have managed Liverpool's situation better than him while going into detail on the club's transfer policy. "The way this club is led by not splashing the money or whatever and just have a look if it works out or not," he said.  "Our transfers always have to [clicks fingers] be on point. So that makes it really tricky. We cannot make four transfers before we know who will leave the club and things like these. "I knew it will be tricky. That's one of the main reasons I signed the new contract, to make sure 'okay, come on' and people on top of that have to discuss 'now he leaves next year'. Not because I'm that great, just because imagine that same situation with another coach. "Everyone would have said, 'bring Klopp back' and it's good we don't have that. Some of them want me out, that's fine. I can understand that as well but it's not about that, it's just about the club and the stability and what we can get in.  "Last year was not a season for a big change. We played until the last moment and if you wanna change again - this club - we cannot just bring in new players and realise later nobody wants to leave. It doesn't work like that. That's why it's not possible to start it early because we had final after final after final. Played the season up until the last minute, played the Champions League final. Then we have a short break, then we have a load of injuries and then the World Cup so boop. "On all the problems we knew we would have, this came on top and now we're in it. I know it's too long... and believe me I don't like talking about it all the time but I have to think it all the time. "That's the situation. I cannot change it. Now the people are not happy, we tried to fight through and make the best out of this season. That's the idea." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.