The comedian welcomed several famous faces onto the BBC show to help three contestants, selected at random, to win as much money as possible. However, Gillian was selected first to play and hoped Katherine Ryan, Mark Wright, Judi Love, Scott Mills, Philippa Perry, Harry Pinero or Rev Richard Coles could help her win the jackpot. Welcoming Gillian to the show, Michael asked the player what she would do with the money. He began: "Okay, so if you were to win big money tonight, what are you gonna do with that money? What's the dream, Gillian?" She replied: "Well, my dream is to go to Nashville because I absolutely love country music. "So I would just love to go there. You know, wear my cowboy hat and boots and off I go, because when you do that here, you get some funny looks." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation "All you have to do is stay there where you are," the presenter explained. "So let's have a look at these categories that have been bought with our highly esteemed experts. "From those subjects. What do you feel most confident about?" Gillian immediately picked the category of celebrities, which fell under Katherine's remit. Michael added: "Yes, Katherine Ryan is our expert on all of the celebrities, which is why she's in gold." It was a tense game for Gillian and by the end of the first wrong question, she didn't end up winning any money. Contestant Jo was up next, and things didn't go well for her either, however, Gillian was given another chance. By the end of the programme, it all came down to the player getting one question right. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Vera star admits 'I'll be waiting' as he speaks on series 13 future [INSIGHT]Pete Doherty's 'unrecognisable' appearance distracts The Last Leg fans [REACTION] However, if she got it wrong, Gillian would walk away with nothing - which is what happened. Fans took to social media following the episode, with many complaining it was a "waste of an hour". Others were disappointed that no one won any money on the show. Twitter user @magso5 tweeted: "That's an hour of our lives we'll never get back. #TheWheel." @PolygoniaSpec replied: "25 minutes I'll never get back. I always record #thewheel and fast forward the s***e!" (sic) Joseph Mendy added: "Oh what a disaster. No winners this evening. #TheWheel." (sic) "We've sat through #thewheel and no one has won," Lisa complained. Ryan fumed: "Benjamin’s performance is boring I’m sorry. There’s only so long we can be impressed by a spinning wheel #UMK23." "Tell that to Michael McIntyre," user @Brekkietweets replied. "As a licence payer please can I sack Michael McIntyre? Woeful, if this is what the @bbcentertain have to offer can I have a refund?" user @Ballistix99 commented. However, some viewers loved the programme's return, with Karen writing: "Is this a new series of #TheWheel? I love Michael Mcintyre, he's so cute, I just want to carry him around in my handbag like a chihuahua." (sic) The Wheel returns on Saturday at 7pm on BBC One.