Jonnie Irwin, 49, has taken to Instagram to share a candid picture of himself while applying the Hopi ear candle treatment. The A Place In The Sun admitted he was “surprised” and “horrified” by the idea, but eventually agreed with his wife Jessica Holmes’ suggestion. Hopi ear candles are used to treat a number of conditions of the ear, nose and throat. They are not conventional candles, but rather a cotton tube, infused with beeswax, honey and therapeutic oils. The picture Jonnie shared with his 154,000 followers showed the presenter laying on his side while holding up the candle. He captioned the shot: “Wasn’t sure about letting my wife stick Hopi ear candles in my lug holes but surprised/horrified with the results. “I’ll spare you the ‘after’ photos!” Jonnie cheekily added. Fans appeared amused by Jonnie’s willingness to try the treatment as they inundated the post’s comments section. Emzblack05 joked: “Haway man we love all the grunge! They are great aren't they, now you'll really hear the kids.” Bouvetiere said: “You can wax lyrical all day about it now, if it makes you feel good it's worth it.” Themellyman teased: “And.... did you open the candle up after!!! Even more horrifying/surprising!!” Jonnie has recently thrown himself into home renovation after discovering he has terminal cancer. Back in November 2022, the Escape to the Country presenter was given the devastating prognosis that he only had six months to live. Despite the fact that he is living with terminal cancer, Jonnie has remained upbeat and has previously said he hopes his choice to reveal the news would inspire others to "make the most of every day". DON'T MISS...Trevor Noah's controversial UK jibe as he returns to host Grammys [LATEST]Pregnant Gemma Atkinson lifts weights in gym despite growing baby bump [PICTURES]Leonardo DiCaprio raises eyebrows over 'romance' with 19-year-old [DEBATE] The Channel 4 star has since been occupying his mind with some exciting home renovation plans. Jonnie lives with his wife Jessica Holmes, 40, their eldest son Rex, three, and two-year-old twins, Rafa and Cormac. Sharing a picture last week of various ceramic worktops, he said: “I’ve had an idea of designing a separate worktop for the en-suite and tying it in with some brushed brass fittings. “Got these samples with varying degrees of gold as samples to consider. “It’s just an idea but to get them delivered to my door from my friends @mayfair_worktops within a day gives me a bit more time to procrastinate! “Thanks guys. #refurbishment,” (sic) Jonnie added. Soon afterwards, Jonnie shared a video about painting which he captioned: “Choosing a paint colour.” “Don’t do what everybody does and get a little pot and paint patches on the wall,” he explained. “It’s useless.”