British Steel has proposed closing the coking ovens at its Scunthorpe plant, costing 260 jobs. The Chinese-owned firm said that "global economic challenges" left it with little choice but to announce the closure. Jingye Group said the move would combat financial pressures, with union leaders indicating they could respond with strikes. In a statement, the group said: “Decisive action is required because of the unprecedented rise in operating costs, surging inflation and the need to improve environmental performance." Xifeng Han, chief executive of British Steel, said the decision would "reduce costs within our control" and decried the state of steelmaking competition in the UK. He said: "Steelmaking in the UK remains uncompetitive when compared to other international steelmakers. "Our energy costs, carbon costs and labour costs are some of the highest across the world, which are factors that we cannot influence directly." READ MORE: 90% of firms stick to four-day week after trial ends "We’re disappointed at having to make such proposals but are confident they will support a successful transformation." Coking ovens produce coke - a vital component for iron and steel manufacture - by heating coals. The proposed closures would mean British Steel turns to importing coke supplies instead of creating its own. Union bosses have pledged to protect jobs on the chopping block, and called for officials to disclose the company's financial filings. Linda McCulloch, the national officer for Unite, said the union had "not yet seen any financial justification for the closure of the coking ovens". She added: "British Steel needs to come clean and open its books in order to try to justify its decisions. “Unite will pursue every avenue, including industrial action, to defend members’ jobs at British Steel.” And Alun Davies, the national officer for steelworker and manufacturing union Community, said the job losses would threaten the UK's steel production capabilities. He said the closures would have a "catastrophic impact on jobs and steel production at Scunthorpe and the UK as a whole". He added: “This move would see the company depending on unreliable imported coke and puts at risk our sovereign capability to produce steel in the UK for strategic infrastructure such as our rail networks. “We will not accept redundancies and nothing is off the table when it comes to protecting our members’ jobs. “The Government must do whatever it takes to reach a deal with British Steel that protects the loyal workforce and the future of steelmaking in this country.” Councillor Len Foster, leader of the Labour Group at North Lincolnshire County Council, told Express.co.uk: "Today's statement from British Steel is deeply concerning in that the numbers might appear to represent a small percentage of the total workforce, there is genuine concern that there are more job reductions in the pipeline. "It also has to be appreciated that there will be a knock-on effect in relation to the coke plant supply chain and secondary jobs connected to the coking process by-products plants, all of which will add to the total number of job losses across the region. "There is growing concern locally this latest closure will have long term effects on the viability of the whole plant in that the combined process is now for the first time in its 150 year history moving away from being an integrated plant, with each part being interdependent on each other for its collectively viability."