David Hockney has never been afraid to embrace new technology. Over the course of a career spanning 60 years, Britain’s greatest living artist has employed an astonishing range of pioneering media and technologies, ranging from drawing, painting and printmaking to photo collages, iPad paintings and digital video.  His latest exhibition, David Hockney: Bigger & Closer (not smaller & further away), which opened this week, is his most revolutionary yet. Staged in a vast, cube-shaped room near London’s Kings Cross Station, it features video, animation, music, sound effects and narration from David’s familiar dulcet Yorkshire tones, all in a 45-minute-long film. But no actual physical artworks. The pieces featured remain in their respective collections – but the show is no less for it. Visitors can sit, stand or walk around, as they drink it all in. Projected onto the room’s vast walls (36ft high) and floor, there’s plenty of new material, as well as many of his reassuringly familiar images from the various places the Bradford-born painter has called home during his 85 years. There are the landscapes of his native Yorkshire, his sexy Los Angeles swimmers, the winding, mountain roads of California, the Grand Canyon, the Normandy countryside – where he currently lives with his partner Jean-Pierre Gonçalves de Lima – as well as his vibrantly colourful iPad paintings and stage design for ballet and opera.  “The world is very, very beautiful if you look at it,” says the artist, whose most famous work Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures) sold for £70million in 2018, at the time a record for a living artist. “But most people don’t look very much. They scan the ground in front of them so they can walk, but they don’t really look at things incredibly well, with intensity. I do.” Exhibition director Mark Grimmer explains how Hockney revelled in this novel way of presenting his art. “He was very hungry for new experiences. We were able to introduce him to techniques he hadn’t worked with before.” Grimmer says the artist was particularly delighted that, thanks to the 28 video projectors and 1,400 audio speakers, his audience would be surrounded on all sides – making the art “bigger and closer”, as the exhibition title suggests. He also loved the reworking of his opera set design and the 360-degree surround sound of American composer Nico Muhly’s accompanying score. Work on the exhibition lasted three and a half years in all. Grimmer says he travelled to Normandy seven times to consult with Hockney. “Most trips were capped by dinner outside Café Forge in the local village, Beuvron-en-Auge, where stories flowed, local cider was drunk, and more than a few cigarettes were smoked.” Right from the start, Hockney was fully involved in the project. “He’s been very hands-on but he gave us latitude to do what we thought would be interesting,” Grimmer adds. “If he didn’t like something, he would say so.” Early on, Grimmer gave Hockney a scale model 1/25th the size of the room the exhibition would eventually be housed in. This allowed him to monitor the film and audio as they progressed, and to invite friends round for rehearsal viewings long before the project was finished. Some art-lovers, used to seeing canvas paintings hanging in traditional art galleries, won’t appreciate this new video treatment of Hockney’s work. Similar immersive exhibitions have been staged with the works of Van Gogh, Salvador Dali, Claude Monet and Frida Kahlo – not all of it appreciated by the critics. The key difference here, of course, is that Hockney himself is a close collaborator. The organisers claim he’s the first living artist to be portrayed in this immersive way. Grimmer insists the purists won’t be disappointed. “We haven’t messed with David’s work. All of it is with his blessing. “And we try to give people time with the work,” he says. “One of the rules we set ourselves for this was to do things we just couldn’t do in a gallery. “I don’t see ourselves in competition with the traditional, normally hung art shows. “In a way, I would love it if people went to this and said: ‘Now let’s go and look at his [physical] work in Tate Britain’.” Although halfway through his ninth decade, Hockney recently insisted old age hasn’t dampened his desire to create.  “I’m usually drawing or painting, it’s all I want to do now. I mean, I’m 85, how much longer do I have? I’m a smoker, but I might have five years, I don’t know, and that’s all I want to do.” Grimmer agrees there’s plenty more art to come from this national treasure. “He hasn’t slowed down at all, and he’s in good shape. It seems to have given him a real burst of energy, partly because there’s an immediacy to it: he can be here and see people watching his work. “That’s given him a real thrill and has connected him directly to the audience. He said doing this exhibition has made him feel 20 years younger.” 