The Met Office has issued a snow and ice weather warning, anticipating a brutal cold snap will freeze the UK this week. The warning covers Scotland, with another wind warning forecasting "dangerous" conditions on the west coast. Freezing conditions will set in around 4pm today, the agency has predicted. The snow and ice warning covers Central, Tayside and Fife, Grampian, Highlands and Eilean Siar and Strathclyde until 9am on Thursday. The snow warning states: "Wintry showers will affect northern and western parts of Scotland this evening and overnight. "This will result in icy patches at low levels. Some snow accumulations of 1 to 2cm are possible above about 150m, with 2 to 5cm above about 250m." The alert runs concurrently with a nearby wind warning and fog warning for London. READ MORE: Households may be able to get triple Cold Weather Payment of £75 The Met Office has warned that "strong south to southwesterly winds" would bring "travel disruption and dangerous coastal conditions". The danger exists solely for the Highlands and Eilean Siar region, where residents could see gale-force wind gusts until 5pm today. The warning states: "South to southwesterly winds will strengthen early Wednesday to bring a very windy day, with the strongest winds occurring late morning, and into the early afternoon. "Gusts of 65 to 70mph are expected quite widely, with some gusts around 75mph especially during a period of squally rain which will cross the area during the early afternoon." "Winds will then ease considerably following the rain." London and the southeast also had a weather warning today, which expires at 11am. Forecasters warned that people living in the East and West Midlands, East of England, London and South East England, South West England and Wales would see "freezing fog". While less dangerous than its counterparts in Scotland, the alert warns of travel disruption during reduced visibility. The fog was most widespread before dawn today, when visibility reduced to just 50 to 100 metres in some places. Much of the low cloud has since dissipated, and appears on track to clear by the late morning or early afternoon.