The Glazers have reportedly been offered the financial backing to remain at the helm at Manchester United in a shock twist. The American billionaires revealed back in November that they were "willing to consider investment opportunities" including the full sale of the club after hiring the Raine Group, which helped broker the £2.5billion sale of Chelsea, as their exclusive financial advisors. In the past few days, United have received lucrative offers from Qatar and INEOS as the Glazers prepare to consider handing over the keys to Old Trafford. More offers could yet arrive on the table but it has now emerged that the Glazers have been offered a rare financial lifeline to stay put. According to ESPN, American hedge fund Elliott Management have told the Glazers that they are willing to finance the club without taking over day-to-day responsibilities. Elliott, spearheaded by Paul Singer, presented the offer as part of the general bidding process following the Glazers' "soft" 10pm deadline on Friday. READ MORE: Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised It has been made clear that Elliott is not bidding for the club itself, unlike the Qataris and INEOS. EIM were the owners of AC Milan until last year after launching initial enquiries in 2018. While they inherited a club with enormous history, they did also oversee the Rossoneri's first Serie A title triumph since 2011 last season. Following the conclusion of the season, Elliott then completed the £1bn sale of AC Milan to the private equity firm RedBird last May. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callChelsea 'offer Mason Mount in Joao Felix swap deal' proposal as Atletico Madrid respondMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Elliott's interest in United does therefore provide both Joel and Avram Glazer with the chance to retain an interest in the club, something that will not prove popular amongst supporters. It's understood Elliott's proposal was made to the Raine Group last week. They have assets worth up to £45b and that could be music to the ears of the Glazers, who are also open to investment in addition to a full sale. The Glazers have run up £500million in debts at United and admitted back in November they would also be open to bringing in 'new investment' to the club as well as a full sale. Qatari billionaire Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani is a Manchester United fan and he intends to restore the club to its former glories after making an offer believed to be worth £4.5bn to acquire 100 per cent of the club and wipe their debts. For now, Erik ten Hag is focusing his efforts on maximising results on the pitch as United picked up another vital three points with a 3-0 win over Leicester. "Of course I know [about the bids],” Ten Hag told Sky Sports on the potential takeover. “There's movement around the club but it’s not up to me. Others at the club are taking [charge of] this stuff and I have to manage the team. “I have to make sure the team is perfect and getting the right results. Every third day we have a game so I don’t have time to get involved in stuff like this. “It's not distracting us. We are focusing on football, on the games and preparing in training. That is our job to do. It doesn't distract us, so far so good.”