I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! winner Carl Fogarty has remained tight-lipped after it was rumoured his daughter Claudia would soon enter the villa. It has since been confirmed that the 28-year-old will shock the Islanders as she makes her Love Island debut. The former English motorcycle racer, 57, who is currently lapping up the sights at Soho Farmhouse, has since reacted to the news on Instagram. Sharing a sweet photo of the father and daughter, Carl captioned the post: "Good luck to my daughter @claudiafogarty who makes her long awaited appearance on tonight’s @loveisland." The seven-time world champion was inundated with messages from his 103,000 followers. Macey wrote: "Go girl @claudiafogarty." READ MORE: Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell Annie penned: "Good Luck. I'm sure your daughter will do you proud. I hope she finds love." Michelle commented: "Good luck Claudia." Tony cheered: "Go on lass, show them how it's done. Xx Awesome." While Lee added: "Not watched it yet but will now! Good luck Claudia." The new arrival appeared in the South African villa when the islanders assumed the challenges were over. In the upcoming scenes, Claudia stepped out in a sultry red angel outfit, complete with a huge pair of wings. Strutting into the villa to give her own sexy dance, after reportedly promising her father 'not to be too raunchy', she said: "Let's really get them hearts racing…" Claudia's debut comes at the end of the famous heart-rate challenge, which saw pulses race as the Islanders put on some very steamy displays. DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon hints she's about to give birth after new baby photo[LATEST]Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell[EXCLUSIVE]Prue Leith fears being ‘angry’ with son after heartbreaking loss[ADMISSION] The contestants were tasked with performing sexy stripteases for one another around the firepit, with temperatures quickly soaring. Meanwhile, Claudia's dad shared a snap of himself enjoying some peace and tranquility as he took a dip in the heated outdoor pool at Soho Farmhouse. It comes as the official Love Island accounts on social media announced the news on Thursday afternoon, as they teased in the caption: "Boys, get ready for Blackburn babe Claudia." Claudia will follow in the footsteps of her superstar father, Carl - who became a reality star by winning I’m A Celeb back in 2014 - as she enters the reality world. Claudia has amassed almost 20 thousands followers on Instagram - where she highlights the fact that she is a businesswoman. The aspiring TV star runs a clothing boutique called Storm Fashion alongside her older sister Danielle - and the pair frequently support their ambitions online. A TV insider has discussed Claudia’s plans to enter the Love Island villa with The Sun on Sunday, telling the publication: “Claudia is ready to strut into the villa imminently. “She’s classy, beautiful and well educated and is set to have all the boys fighting over her." Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm.