Emma Raducanu’s former coach Dmitry Tursunov has praised Nick Kyrgios for bringing his personality to the tennis court. The former ATP No 20 thought there was no problem if the Australian “threw a middle finger to the crowd” as he claimed most players were “afraid to be themselves” in comparison to the Wimbledon finalist. Kyrgios’ on-court behaviour has been defended by Tursunov as the former pro-turned-coach shared his frustration at tennis players failing to show their real personalities. The Russian thought that most were scared to have their words “twisted” as he explained why he found the world No 19’s antics so refreshing despite them often landing Kyrgios in hot water, receiving fines and sometimes suspensions. “Players are afraid to show their personality, to say their minds, because nowadays anything you say can be twisted,” Raducanu’s former coach told the Craig Shapiro Tennis Podcast. “You say that, 'I played great today,' someone's going to say that, 'Oh, he sounds cocky, he's putting his opponent down.' So players in general are just afraid to be themselves.” And Tursunov thought he wasn’t the only one happy to indulge in Kygios’ antics, as he claimed they were the reason the seven-time title winner was able to “sell out” stadiums. The 40-year-old continued: “That's why I think Nick Kyrgios sells out every freaking stadium that he plays in because he hasn't been neutered enough. JUST IN: Murray and Zverev downplay injury woes ahead of blockbuster Doha clash   “He's been fined enough, but he doesn't mind it. He's a very strong personality if you ask me.” Kyrgios has previously received warnings for audible and visual obscenities, and the current coach of Belinda Bencic thought it was better to engage the crowd than try to stay polite. “I mean, what's the problem if a player is just throwing a middle finger to the crowd?” he asked. “It looks bad, the whole crowd is booing, but you just got the crowd emotionally involved.” DON'T MISSRaducanu's ex-coach gives rare insight into 'demanding' work ethicRafa Nadal throws support behind Messi despite being rivals for awardMurray drops retirement hint as Brit vows to play event one more time'  Kyrgios is currently sidelined after undergoing knee surgery. The Aussie’s only appearance so far this year has been a charity match against Novak Djokovic at Melbourne Park days before the Australian Open - which he was then forced to pull out of through injury.