The official emblem pays tribute to the King’s love of the natural world, bringing together flowers of the four nations of the United Kingdom. Together the four national flowers, the rose of England, the thistle of Scotland, the daffodil of Wales and the shamrock of Northern Ireland, create the shape of St Edward’s Crown, with which the King will be crowned at Westminster Abbey on Saturday, May 6. The emblem, which will be available for use at all community and national events celebrating the Coronation, will celebrate the beginning of the new royal reign. Sir Ive has designed the emblem in the red, white and blue of the Union flag. Sir Jony, who was the chief design officer of Apple from 1997 until 2019, created the emblem with a team of designers from the LoveFrom collective he founded four years ago. He said: "It is such an honour to be able to contribute to this remarkable national occasion, and our team is so very proud of this work. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's claim Kate wasn't a 'hugger' debunked in series of royal visits "The design was inspired by King Charles’ love of the planet, nature, and his deep concern for the natural world." He added: "The emblem speaks to the happy optimism of spring and celebrates the beginning of this new Carolean era for the United Kingdom. "The gentle modesty of these natural forms combine to define an emblem that acknowledges both the joyful and profound importance of this occasion." Speaking about the new design, Palace officials said that the emblem would feature throughout the celebrations in May, including the Coronation service at Westminster Abbey and the Coronation Concert at Windsor Castle. The officals also confirmed that it would be used thoughtout national events, street parties and community gatherings in celebration of the Coronation. READ MORE: King's Coronation 'has no budget' with officials spending 'as they see fit', says expert The emblem, available in English and Welsh, will also be used for all official merchandise commemorating the Coronation of the King and Queen Consort, and across digital and social media. Last month, new details surrounding the Coronation celebrations were released on the official Royal Family website. They confirmed that the ceremony, on May 6, will be "conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury" and will reflect the "Monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry." DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Relieved' Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about attacking Firm [LIVE BLOG]King's Coronation Concert tickets up for grabs - all the details [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'will never redeem himself in American society' [REVEAL] The website also confirmed that a "special Coronation Concert will be staged and broadcast live at Windsor Castle by the BBC and BBC Studios" on May 7, with "several thousand pairs of tickets to be made available via public ballot." On May 8, which will be classed a national Bank Holiday, "members of the public will be invited to take part in The Big Help Out", which will "encourage people to try volunteering for themselves and join the work being undertaken to support their local areas." The statement also confirmed that the King and Queen Consort, who will get crowned alongside her husband, are "looking forward to marking the occasion with the public throughout 2023".