Kyrie Irving has completed a move to join the Dallas Mavericks, and will soon link up with superstar Luke Doncic at the organisation. Doncic has put pressure on bosses to bolster their roster recently, and they ran things by the Slovenian during negotiations. Doncic gave his nod of approval before the Mavericks traded for Irving, according to ESPN. When Irving requested a trade on Friday, the race was on for other teams across the NBA to secure the controversial, yet immensely talented Nets star. With Irving heading for free agency after this season, it was always going to be a trade that the Nets were open to. The Mavericks agreed a deal first and now Irving could make his debut on Wednesday against the Los Angeles Clippers, if his physical goes well on Monday. Doncic is without a doubt the star of the team, and the Mavericks ran the deal by him first. Doncic was happy with securing a deal for Irving, and now the Mavericks will monitor him until the end of the season before offering a new deal. The Mavericks sit sixth in the Western Conference with a record of 28-26, and there's hope that Irving can push them into the play-offs. For Irving, the Mavericks gave up Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith, a first-round pick and multiple second-round picks. Should Irving stay on, it's a good deal, but an element of risk remains. But the Mavericks were desperate to bring him in, and there were reportedly at least four other teams in for Irving. One of those was the Los Angeles Lakers, so the Mavericks accelerated talks to get the deal over the line. In addition, The Mavericks gave up a 2029 unprotected first-round pick, a 2027 second-round pick and a 2029 second round-pick to the Nets, according to The Athletic. The Nets are also is sending Markieff Morris the other way along with Irving. Irving is said to be 'ecstatic' about joining the Mavericks, and is excited about beginning a new journey with the team. It's been a tough few years for the NBA star at the Nets, with a lot of game time missed. Through multiple controversies off the court, Irving missed a substantial amount of basketball, but he will be hoping to leave those back in Brooklyn and make a new start. The Nets may also struggle to keep hold of Kevin Durant, who requested a trade before the start of the season.