Putin is turning Russia into a "complete black box" as he announces its dramatic pull away from the last remaining US-Russia nuclear arms treaty, warfare experts have warned. The rogue country has suspended its participation in the New START treaty which gave the West oversight over Russia’s nuclear arsenal. Experts have warned the historic decision to pull out of the treaty could spark an out-of-control arms race. The New START treaty, signed in 2010, introduced provisions designed to improve transparency surrounding the two nuclear powers. One of these provisions was permission for both countries to use satellites to verify the size and movement of the other’s nuclear arsenal. Doctor Marina Miron, a researcher at King’s College London’s Defence Studies Department told Express.co.uk: "What Russia is trying to do is create a complete black box so that we know that Russia will have nuclear weapons, but we don't know if it's going to develop more, we don't know where they will be stored, where they will be located, we don't know what kind of information Russia will be sharing. "So it [nuclear deterrence] will become much more complicated." READ MORE: Woman 'shunned by her family' after claiming to be Madeleine McCann Yesterday, Putin made the announcement during an hour-long scathing speech where he claimed the existence of Russia was at stake. He claimed Ukraine had become a "hostage" of the "Kyiv regime" and Western "overlords" who he suggested had occupied the country. Reacting to the decision to pull out of New START, NATO chief Stoltenberg warned the "whole arms-control architecture has been dismantled". In his speech, Russia also said it would also be ready to conduct nuclear weapons tests, but only after the US does so.  Don't miss... German girl claims she's found 'evidence' she is Madeleine McCann [LATEST] Putin lashes out at Church of England over gender-neutral God  [LATEST] Skeletal remains of student missing for 47 years found in car at bo... [LATEST] Dr Miron also warned Russia was "focusing" on control over space as part of its creation of a "black box". She said Putin was using space to "completely cut itself" away from the West "both digitally and physically" by creating barriers in space. She said: "Russia is now trying to refurbish its space assets to guard specific locations within Russia. She added how Russia was working on "denying" the West from looking into Russia by creating "electromagnetic barriers" that disrupt satellites. In April, Russia reportedly attempted to blast Western GPS satellites supplying Ukraine intelligence with jamming technology. General David Thompson, the Space Force's vice chief of Space Operations warned at the time that Ukraine may be unable to use GPS because of jammers. Dimitry Medvedev, the former president of Russia who signed the treaty in 2010 recently warned that the world was "on the verge of a global conflict". He said: "If the US wants Russia’s defeat, we have the right to defend ourselves with any weapons, including nuclear. "Let the US elites who have lost touch with reality think about what they got. If the US wants Russia to be defeated, we are standing on the verge of a global conflict". The warning comes as Russia steps up its missile testing. While Biden was visiting Ukraine on Monday, Putin tested a 200-ton Sarmat missile, which he has labelled "invincible" in the past.