In order to receive the full state pension, Britons must have a certain amount of qualifying National Insurance years. These are generally acquired through working, but those who can’t due to certain circumstances, such as caring for a person or having a disability, can earn credits instead. While many will get these credits automatically, some may need to claim, which makes it important to know what credits are available. In order for a retiree to get the full state pension, on the new state pension, people typically need around 35 years of NI contributions. People who are not at state pension age can check how many credits they already have to find out if any years are missing by visiting the Government website and searching state pension summary. Those who are already at state pension age can look up their National Insurance record, which will outline how many years of full contributions they have and whether they have any gaps. The NI record will also break down year by year when and where the person may be missing out. READ MORE: Three key tax allowance to maximise before they expire in April  The gaps could indicate years a person may have been owed credits instead, and claiming these credits, if eligible, could be the difference between receiving a full state pension or not. People could be entitled to carer’s credit, which is a type of National Insurance credit, if they care for someone for at least 20 hours a week. The person being cared for must also be receiving one of the following disability benefits: DON'T MISS: Tip to boost pension as thousands of Britons face tax hike [EXPLAINED]Britons face £130,000 shortfall if they retire at 60 [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    However, people may still claim carer’s credit if the person being cared for doesn’t get one of those benefits. They just need to fill in the ‘Care Certificate’ part of the application form and get a health or social professional to sign it. READ MORE:Millions of Britons losing £33,000 from their pension pots  People do not need to apply for carer’s credit if they already receive Carer’s Allowance or Child Benefit for a child under the age of 12, as credits are awarded automatically. Foster carers are advised to apply for National Insurance credits instead. People may be able to get National Insurance credits if they’re not paying National Insurance, for example when they’re claiming benefits because they’re ill or unemployed. These are either awarded automatically or they’ll need to be applied for and people can get two types of credits, class one and class three.  Class one credits count towards a person’s state pension and may help them qualify for some other benefits, such as the New Style Jobseeker’s Allowance, while class three credits just count towards the state pension. There are a number of scenarios a person may qualify to claim class one or three credits, such as foster carers; those who receive Working Tax Credit or Universal Credit; people on maternity leave; or family members caring for a child. The full list, including eligibility and whether a person will have to apply or will receive them automatically, can be found on the Government website. 