New Conservative deputy chairman Lee Anderson has doubled down on his support for the death penalty despite a barrage of criticism from opponents on the left. The straight-talking Red Wall MP for Ashfield, who until four years ago was a Labour councillor, made his comments while being interviewed by fellow Tory Nadine Dorries on her Talk TV show. Asked about his views on the death penalty, Mr Anderson said: "It was not a big surprise to anyone who knows me. I have had this opinion since I was a teenager." He went on: "It's not a fringe view either. It is supported by 52 percent of the country." But he conceded that it was a change that would never be voted for in Parliament where MPs are mostly against even for the most heinous crimes. "It's never going to happen, never going to be government policy. "But I am allowed to have opinions," he added defiantly. His Tory colleague Ms Dorries, the former Culture Secretary who before entering politics was a nurse, praised him for his honest straightforward approach to politics. She noted that he is "Britain's most controversial politician" and that a leftwing newspaper had voted him "the worst man in Britain." "Not a view I endorse," she added. Following his honesty about his death penalty comments she suggested that more of their colleagues should be like him. She said: "You speak the truth, you speak true by your opinions. "Your constituents know who you are and what you believe. "You don't need a leaflet with whatever party speel is on it." She added that he made a "refreshing change" to politics. She suggested that a small boost for the Tories in some polls was down to Mr Amnderson's surprise appointment. Ms Dorries has been known for her outspoken moments including famously attacking her former party leader and Priem Minister David Cameron and Chancellor George Osborne saying that they "didn't know the price of a bottle of milk." READ MORE: More misery for Sunak as tracker poll still gives Labour 21 point lead Mr Anderson, who now is responsible for helping the Conservatives overturn Labour's massive lead in the polls said he believes the party could win. He mocked his former party saying: "There is no depth of talent among Labour MPs. "When I look at the benches opposite it terrifies me to think there could be 100 more of them running the country." He said that fixing the small boats illegal immigration crisis would be "a game changer" which could win the Tories the election. Mr Anderson also clashed with Boris Johnson's sister Rachel over his so-called 30p meals. He said: "It's possible if you cook in batch loads." He pointed out that the challenge had been to create meals from a weekly budget of £50. "I just want to help people," he added.