Russia’s propaganda ploy to present itself as unaffected by Western sanctions is coming to an end, a Ukrainian anti-corruption expert has said. Russia, which has been hit by a series of Western sanctions on Russian oil and gas recently, is finding it "harder" to "conceal" its financial turmoil, said a board member of the Ukrainian Anti-Corruption Action Centre. Olena Halushka explained how for months Russia has said sanctions don’t work in a bid to convince the West to drop the sanctions which are allegedly hurting them but not Russia. Since the start of the war in February last year, the West has extensively sanctioned the Russian government and Russian businesses. In December, Western countries organised a $60-per-barrel price cap on Russian crude oil and put ceilings on refined oil products such as diesel fuel and gasoline. Ms Halushka told Express.co.uk: "For months Russia has constantly repeated that the sanctions are not working and its economy is not feeling the implications. READ MORE: UK hammers Putin with sanctions to cripple 'war machine' "They even stopped publishing many macro-financial indicators to support this narrative. "The Russian propaganda pushed it heavily with the goal to lift the sanctions which are allegedly ‘hurting Western countries without bringing any impact on Russia’. "However, the sanctions such as reduction of gas purchases from Russia, oil price caps, technology sanctions etc do work and as the time goes, it is getting much harder for Russia to conceal it." Putin in April said the sanctions which were "expected to quickly upset the financial-economic situation" in Russia had led to the "deterioration of the economy in the West". But that narrative is being undermined by reported financial problems. The country's finance ministry has published its monthly report for January, which reveals the country’s spiralling deficit which reached that month $25billion. Don't miss... Russian troops face 4-hour life expectancy inside Ukraine frontline [LATEST] North Korea on war footing as Kim Jong-un brags of ‘military strength’ [LATEST] Headteacher made distressed call before she was shot dead by husband [LATEST] It showed a 46 percent year on year drop to 425 billion roubles, the equivalent of nearly six billion dollars, while its military spending hiked 59 percent to 3.12 trillion roubles. Despite this, the country continues to leave out any mention of Western sanctions in its explanation for the dire figures. The Russian finance ministry blamed the numbers on the falling price of Urals crude oil and dwindling natural gas exports. Since the start of the conflict, Urals has been traded at a discount. According to financial experts, the major soaring of the Russian deficit is likely to "trickle down" and affect "ordinary citizens" despite "fairing better than expected". "Sanctions pressure from Western countries, voluntary departure of many western companies, a total break in trade with Europe with no equivalent alternatives on top ofthe cost of war continues to squeeze ordinary Russian consumers," Roslyn Weems of investment strategy firm Wealth Consortia said. "Amid an uncertain atmosphere, investment in Russia is at an all time low as the business climate is increasingly unfavorable. Putin has few allies and friends to help dig his country out of the self-imposed recession he created." Ms Halushka has called for Western sanctions to increase following their reported success. She added: "The West has to keep existing and continue toughening sanctions until the Russian army fully leaves the entire territory of Ukraine, they return the deported Ukrainians and pay for the damages their terrorism made."