Former Manchester United star Gary Neville has been proved correct about comments he made about how quickly the pendulum can swing in the title race. The Sky Sports pundit was criticised for saying that Arsenal would buckle under the pressure of Manchester City, but there are early suggestions that that may be the case. City cruised to a 3-1 victory over their title rivals Arsenal on Wednesday night at the Emirates Stadium. The win means that Pep Guardiola’s side moved to the top of the table for the first time since November, with goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland to thank. The Gunners still have one game in hand over the Sky Blues, though their recent flurry of poor results is certainly a cause for concern in north London. Though that won’t come as a surprise to Neville, who has insisted on numerous media appearances that City will capitalise on any error made by Mikel Arteta’s side. Speaking earlier this week when Arsenal were five points clear at the top, the ex-England international said: “In terms of Arsenal having a big lead currently, we were thinking on Saturday afternoon about how quickly the point difference will change – the lead over Manchester City can change very quickly. READ MORE: Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds considering major investment in new team “It could happen multiple times between now and the end of the season, where Arsenal will lose, Manchester City will win and then the gap closes quite rapidly. If Manchester City overtakes Arsenal with 5-10 games left to go, they'll win it by 10 points, but if Arsenal are to win the league, they'll win it in the penultimate or last game of the season.” Neville also appeared to have read the script in January, prior to Arsenal losing to Everton and drawing with Brentford ahead of Wednesday night’s match. Speaking on his Sky Sports podcast, he said: “At some point, there will be a very difficult period for Arsenal this season. Is it conceivable that Arsenal are going to continue as they are? I don’t think it is. “Could they draw two and lose one in a three-game period, and if they did that, their lead is gone, and the pack is up with them? That’s what I think is going to happen, we’ll see a traditional Premier League season where a team goes out, the pacemaker, and then they’ll get drawn back in a little bit. But I still think that this season is going to be far better for Arsenal than I ever imagined it would be.” Arsenal will feel that writing off their title hopes despite having a game in hand is premature, though they will need to find a cutting edge if they are to prevent this three-game run from derailing their season – regardless of whether they expected to be in this position or not before the start of the season.