Davood Ghadami was brutally killed off as Kush Kazemi in EastEnders and is swapping Walford for Land’s End for his new role. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant will be seen opposite Kris Marshall in new series Beyond Paradise. Eastenders actor Davood and a host of familiar faces have been announced as guests stars in the Death in Paradise spin-off. Kris Marshall is reprising his character DI Humphrey Goodman who leaves London to start a new life in the country. He will return to fiancee Martha Lloyd's (played by Sally Bretton) hometown in Devon, with the detective joining the local force. Martha meanwhile is planning to start her own restaurant in the sleepy town. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series As with Death in Paradise the main characters will be supported by sub-plots which many viewers will recognise from previous TV roles. This is where Davood comes in as he will join a roster of guest stars appearing each week. Davood was welcomed to the cast on the official Beyond Paradise Twitter account, which wrote: “From the East End to Land's End (well, nearly) it's Davood Ghadami! #BeyondParadise.” It’s not yet known who Davood will be playing but his character is said to be “suited and booted”. Also joining the cast is Derry Girls star Dylan Llewellyn as PC Kelby Hartford, The Bay's Zahra Ahmadi as DS Esther Williams, and This Time with Alan Partridge's Felicity Montagu as office support Margo Martins. Law & Order UK's Jamie Bamber will appear in the show as "a face from Martha's past who looks like he's here to stay". There will be plenty of investigations for DI Humphrey Goodman to get stuck into. The official synopsis for the series teased: “As they embark on their new life, the couple are quickly thrown in at the deep end as Martha sets out to pursue her dream of running her own restaurant and Humphrey joins the local police force. DON'T MISS...Vanessa Feltz issues plea to This Morning viewers after split [VIDEO]BBC fans fume 'waste of licence fee' over 'shameful' Shamima Begum doc [REACTION]Death in Paradise star speaks out on Marlon and Naomi romance [INSIGHT] “Quickly making an impression on the somewhat eclectic team; DS Esther Williams, PC Kelby Hartford and Margo Martins, Humphrey sets out to help crack a host of baffling cases, with the Shipton Abbott squad witnessing a whole new approach to police work. “Each week the team will face a new crime with a unique puzzle at its heart. “The not-so-sleepy town of Shipton Abbott will be rocked by an entire family disappearing without a trace, a woman claiming she was attacked by a suspect from the seventeenth century, the robbery of a highly prized painting, a body bizarrely discovered in a crop circle and a serial arsonist with a seeming distaste for local businesses.” It adds: “As Humphrey gets stuck into his new job, he and Martha must also navigate life’s ups and downs, as faces from the past, the decisions they make and challenges of setting up life in a new town put their relationship to the ultimate test.” Will Martha and Humphrey be able to enjoy their new life or have the challenges of Saint Marie followed them to Devon? Beyond Paradise debuts on February 24 on BBC One and iPlayer.