Fox has announced the return of the fan-favourite reality singing competition, The Masked Singer, with its ninth series of the show set to air later this month. This means the hit show is back with bigger, better and more outrageous costumes but this series has given the panel of all-star judges a "Ding Dong Keep It On Bell". It has been revealed the ninth season of The Masked Singer USA will include a never-done-before elimination twist. It has been named the “Ding Dong Keep It On Bell" during which Robin Thicke, Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong, and Nicole Scherzinger will be able to use it to prevent a contestant from being unmasked. Alongside the panellists, it has been confirmed that once again, Nick Cannon will host the popular singing contest. 10 character names have also been announced including French Hen, Doll, Axolotl, Moose, Mustang, Dandelion, Gargoyle, Fairy, Jackalope, and California Roll. READ MORE: Virgin River's Kai Bradbury drops season 5 update teasing 'new things' After their great success in season eight, theme nights will also return. So far it has been said to expect  ABBA, New York, Superhero, Sesame Street, Country, and '80s-themed nights. The show has also introduced a "Champion of The Masked Singer" format, which will feature sudden eliminations and double unmaskings. The new twist will give the panellists the opportunity to keep a strong contestant in the competition for another week. The season nine premiere will showcase three masked celebrities, unlike last season, where there were four masks in the first episode, but only one of them made it to the second round of the competition. Actor William Shatner (Knight), comedian Eric Idle (Hedgehog), and singer Chris Kirkpatrick (Hummingbird) were all revealed, but actress Amber Riley (Harp) made it all the way to The Masked Singer season eight finale and won. The 36-year-old took home the Golden Mask Trophy, while pop group Wilson Phillips (Lambs) were runner-ups. The Exorcist star, Linda Blair (Scarecrow) voluntarily withdrew after the first round of the last season, as she said accomplished her goal of raising awareness for her charity, the Linda Blair World Heart Foundation. EW has exclusively unveiled the first look at three costumes — Gnome, Mustang, and Medusa. DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones' Kit Harington hints at Jon Snow spin-offSex Education newcomer addresses final series rumours1000lb Best Friends' Meghan and Tina share one food they ditched Although The Masked Singer season nine is keeping its much-maligned double-elimination format, this new twist appears to have been added to alleviate some of the frustration at seeing strong singers leave the competition too early. Last season, the studio audience voted for their favourite singer, and the one who received the least amount of votes was automatically unmasked. The other two then went head-to-head in a Battle Royale, during which the panellists decided who proceeded to the next round. Occasionally, this appeared to be predetermined as celebrities like William Shatner seemed glad he did not move to the next stage of the competition. As they did last season, Thicke and Scherzinger are expected to return to the stage to treat fans to a set of special performances. The new elimination twist is the opposite of season six's "Take It Off" buzzer, which allowed the panellists to force a celebrity to unmask immediately if they guessed their identity. So it's believed the new twist is a great solution to the problem of talented singers being evicted too early, and by keeping the excitement of finding out two celebrities' Masked Singer identities in one episode, The Masked Singer season nine seems like it could be the best season yet. The Masked Singer season 9 premieres Wednesday, February 15 at 8 pm on FOX in the USA.