Richard Gere is said to have had a severe cough when he arrived in Mexico, according to reports. The Chicago actor's health is said to have deteriorated rapidly and he needed to seek medical attention. TMZ reports the actor was diagnosed with the lung infection after checking himself into a hospital near their vacation home in Nuevo Vallarta. The Pretty Woman actor is said to have spent the night in hospital where he received treatment. It has since been reported that the actor has been discharged from the hospital and is health is improving, according to the publication's sources. He was reportedly given antibiotics in order to continue his treatment as he recuperates from the infection outside the hospital. READ MORE: Alex Scott risks flashing too much in leggy gown at pre-BAFTAs party Express.co.uk has contacted Richard Gere's representatives for comment. Richard tied the knot with his wife Alejandra on his massive ranch in upstate New York in 2018. Alejandara, who is a Spanish publicist and was a longtime family friend of Richard's, has since welcomed two sons with the actor - Alexander, four, and a two-year-old whose name has not been made public. Both children accompanied their parents on the family trip to Mexico, where the Hollywood actor's wife revealed all four of them had been ill. Taking to Instagram on Thursday, she penned: "Thank you all for the birthday wishes... after almost 3 weeks of everyone being sick in our family today finally I feel much better! Thank you for all the love [heart] I give it all back to you!" She added the hashtags: "#happybirthday #happy40." The post was accompanied by a picture of the publicist as she walked on the beach with her two children. Alejandra later took to her Instagram stories and shared a photo alongside her husband Richard. DON'T MISS... Alison Hammond 'willing to marry' landscape gardener boyfriend[LATEST]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts' wife reacts to pub purchase[EXCLUSIVE]Ulrika Jonsson slams police over 'troubling' Nicola Bulley comments[COLUMN] Fans have since taken to the comment section as they offered "get well" wishes to the family. Life By Riley penned: "Speedy recovery Richard!" Kiran wrote: "Hope Richard's doing ok. Let us know if you need anything." Bev added: "Hope you are all on the mend. Take care." Richard was previously married to 1990s Supermodel Cindy Crawford and later Bond girl Carey Lowell. The actor and Carey were married from 2002 until 2016 and share a son called Homer, 23. Richard later struck up a romance with Alejandra and both were in the process of divorcing their previous spouses.