USMNT and Nashville SC star Walker Zimmerman has turned down an opportunity to play in the 2023 NBA Celebrity All-Star basketball game, due to the MLS side's pre-season schedule. The All-Star game is due to go ahead one week before the MLS season starts, but Zimmerman has been forced to reject their approach. Zimmerman will miss out on an opportunity to feature in the NBA All-Star game because it clashes with MLS pre-season. The USMNT defender has become a popular figure in the United States due to his service in MLS and for the national team, and as a result was invited to play in the special All-Star game. And standing at 6'3, he certainly wouldn't have been out of place, especially as notoriously small actor Kevin Hart has featured in the event previously. The NBA were aware that Zimmerman played basketball at high school, but opted to focus on his soccer career instead. Zimmerman almost managed to play on the main stage in both sports, but will have to wait for a later opportunity. According to MLS insider Tom Bogert, Zimmerman was forced to reject an approach from the NBA as the game falls eight days before the soccer season begins. The MLS campaign gets underway on February 25, and Nashville will face four fellow American sides during a short pre-season. On February 17, when the All-Star game takes place, Nashville are meant to host FC Cincinnati. Zimmerman can't be in two places at once, and it's not the most professional look missing your final pre-season game for a celebrity event. Zimmerman was obsessed with soccer, baseball and basketball as a youngster, and according to his mother Becky, he was better than the other kids. Zimmerman's mother told The Ringer: "He would make other kids cry on the basketball court. Not being mean to them. He was just so much better than them." The current Nashville defender claimed from an early age that he would be a professional athlete, although at the time he didn't know what sport it would be in. In middle school, Zimmerman dominated basketball at a Georgia Tech summer camp, but when returning at a later date he claimed that he was no longer the best. Zimmerman decided to stop every other sport and focus on soccer, and it wasn't long before he was being called to join U.S. Olympic Development Program national team camps. Zimmerman made the right choice, and has now represented his country at the World Cup. It's likely that Zimmerman will be kept on the mailing list, and he could make an appearance in the future. For now, his focus is on Nashville and also the upcoming Copa America and World Cup, both of which are being hosted in the United States.