The House of Commons erupted in laughter as Rishi Sunak smirked while responding to a question about former Prime Minister Liz Truss at PMQs. SNP Westminster leader Stephen Flynn quipped: "In recent days, the former PM said that she didn't regret her time in office. Does the PM regret her time in office?" Before Mr Sunak could respond, the House of Commons broke out into laughter, with jeering and shouting from MPs on both sides of the chamber.   After the laughter subsided, the Prime Minister said: "Mr Speaker, I'm grateful to all my predecessors for the contribution that they make to public life and can I join with the right honourable gentleman in saying that I know the whole house will be looking forward to hearing from President Zelensky." In her first TV interview since resigning as Prime Minister, Ms Truss told Spectator TV she does not regret going for Prime Minister. But she denied wanting to return to Number 10 as Prime Minister again.   She said she "definitely" wants to be part of "promoting a pro-growth agenda" going forward, confirming that she will continue serving as an MP. Speaking to Spectator TV on Monday Ms Truss, who was replaced by Mr Sunak, said she will support him as PM. But she also launched a challenge to Mr Sunak's tax rises, calling for the UK to pursue a growth agenda.  The former Prime Minister said the UK needs to "do things differently" as it has had "low economic growth for over a decade". She warned the UK is "falling behind other countries", adding: "There’s no doubt there’s a problem". Taking a swipe at Mr Sunak, the UK's shortest-serving Prime Minister warned that the solution is not "putting up taxes or restricting business".  While she said she has "learnt a lot" from her time in office - saying she "understands what some of the pitfalls are" - Ms Truss called for the UK to pursue an agenda which involves Britain "growing faster and becoming more competitive".  In his Autumn Statement, Mr Sunak announced a swathe of tax rises and spending cuts, taking taxes to their highest level since WW2. Over the weekend, Ms Truss also published a 4,000-word article in the Sunday Telegraph in which she claimed her plans were brought down by "the left-wing economic establishment". Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said his "heart sunk" when he read the piece. He added: "The former Prime Minister's contest of who was the biggest failure is just about the last thing that this country needs right now." 