Guy gave a tour around a luxury house that he had built for a client and gave This Morning viewers an insight into some of the features he often opts for when designing a house. However, fans of the show were left annoyed at ITV for running the segment as many are struggling with the cost of living crisis. During the tour, Guy explained: "We are in the kitchen now, and over time we just put the best bits in. Put in the appliances and the best marble tiles. "I got my mother to do the art which is another show in itself, and we just put everything bigger, so great big lounges, kitchens, areas to sit [in]. "I think we worked out there were 154 places to sit in this house and 18 fridges. I started very small, even a toilet is the same size as a bedroom in a normal house. "You don't even need to touch anything, you just need to run your hand across it and it flushes." READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Whilst some viewers of the show were intrigued by his building and design talents, many were left frustrated and felt ITV were rubbing it in their faces. Amy Ridgway fumed: "I love beautiful homes but it doesn’t need to be rubbed in people’s faces how rich you are. "Especially during a time where people are struggling to heat their homes and feed their families!!!! Do better #ThisMorning." (sic) @DawudAishah commented: "I love luxury interior, but that house is way too big and some parts look like the atrium of a museum or a fancy Canary Wharf office. # this morning." @DavidMackayy added: "#thismorning: How to cope with the cost of living crisis. Also #thismorning; Doing a tour of a rich house." @S829MLY quipped: "And we're told to turn the heating down to save energy..#ThisMorning." @Pongo81575019 said: "Thousands not being able to heat their homes or feed themselves properly but let's have a look round a billionaires house." @Cherylscribs added: "Ffs more huge houses for rich people while we all worry about the cost of living #ThisMorning." (sic) DON'T MISS...GB News viewers fume Angela Levin should 'mind own business' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [WATCH]Eamonn Holmes to be joined by ex Loose Women star on GB News [INSIGHT] This isn't the first time that This Morning has landed itself in hot water when looking at lavish homes on the show. Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were discussing the cost of actors' homes in the USA and left viewers begging them to "read the room". Phillip began: "Shall we start with what looks like a wonderful place to stay, although it's rather expensive? Kevin Costner's ranch." The Hollywood actor's 160-acre ranch in Colorado could be rented for an eye-watering £29,200 per night. Holly went on to ask about singer Britney Spears who was selling her mansion in Calabasas, California, which had been relisted for £9.69million. Phillip told viewers: "The reason we've got some fairly strange prices, like who would sell their house for £13.79million, is because they were listed in US dollars and we have converted them to the UK. "I am sure they are round numbers over there." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.