Kaleb Cooper, 24, has given a candid insight into his extremely demanding work week as a key member of Jeremy Clarkson’s Diddly Squat farm. The farming contractor admitted that the former Top Gear star “does his f**king head in” as he revealed he works 117-hour weeks. Jeremy appeared grateful for Kaleb’s incredible work ethic as he described his co-star as a “wonderful, wonderful person.” Jeremy continued. "The hardest working person I know. "He doesn't have a day off either. He does 18 hours a day, every day.” Giving further details into his work tasks, Kaleb said he regularly works 117-hour weeks during the pair’s recent interview with LadBible. READ MORE: CBeebies star Sarah-Jane Honeywell, 49, strips for topless photo "That's an average week," Kaleb went on. "My one goal in life is to buy myself a farm - that's what I want more than anything." The TV star added: "I'm a firm believer, if you wake up in the morning and go, 'Urghhh, got to work,' you're in the wrong job straightaway. "I wake up and I go, 'Right, dreams don't work unless you do.' You know, that's one thing that's in my head all the time." Clarkson's Farm was a huge success with viewers when it landed on screens in 2021. The series follows the TV presenter working on his 1,000-acre farm in the Cotswolds with the help of locals. When asked what viewers can do if they want to help farmers, Jeremy said: "I’d try to buy stuff with a red tractor on it, because that means it was grown and produced here to a good standard. "You can go and buy Australian beef which, I’m sure, stops you from dying of hunger. DON'T MISS...John Torode enjoys working with wife Lisa as she's 'quite attractive' [LATEST]Bob Mortimer shares agony over painful autoimmune disease flare up [HEALTH]Ashley Roberts captivates in red dress as she dares to go braless [PICTURES] "But you’re not really supporting the British beef industry if you do that." He added: "I mean, avocados. Everyone should stop buying those – they’re so terrible for the environment. "And don’t buy palm oil, which comes from Borneo and is killing orangutangs, when you could buy vegetable oil made with oil seed rape." He advised people to ask themselves where their food comes from when they do their shopping. "Did this come from down the road?" Jeremy asked. "In which case, the food miles are less plus the chances are it was grown to a pretty high standard because the standards in this country are very good and you’re supporting British farming people like [dairy farmer] Emma who have no wage at all." He revealed local farmer Emma told him if it was not for Diddly Squat Farm Shop, she "would have gone under ages ago". "This is because so many people are buying her milkshakes, which are delicious, and her milk, which is so nice," Jeremy added, as recently reported by Express.co.uk. "If you taste her milk, and then go to a supermarket and buy their milk, it’s like two completely separate products."