Japanese maples are some of the most frequently photographed trees in the world and the really striking ones draw people to gardens across the globe. Their elegant, organic forms are instantly recognisable, whether weeping or upright. But most Japanese maples don’t just produce those stunning shapes on their own. Left to their own devices, they can become overcrowded and a bit misshapen. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, gardening pros at Garden Street have shared how to keep Japanese maples thriving all-year round. According to the pros, they claimed that these trees need to be pruned in winter.   They said: “The best time to prune Japanese Maples is during the winter when they are dormant.  “If you prune during other times of the year, then sap is likely to seep from the maples.”  If sap continues leaking for an extended period of time or if it is excessive, then this could cause your tree to be susceptible to pests and disease, and could eventually lead to its death. READ MORE: ‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ Mark Hewett, Sales Manager at Wilkinson Sword, agreed that the majority of pruning should be done during winter.  He told Express.co.uk: “For pruning Japanese maple trees, patience is key! Over-pruning or pruning too early in the young tree’s life can cause damage and prevent the tree from forming strong branch foundations.  “Winter is the best time to do structural pruning of the tree, as the lack of leaves allows easy access to the branches and means you can clearly see the best places to cut.   “When spring arrives, this is when you should turn your attention to the finer pruning.” DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my kitchen grout [COMMENT]‘Best’ tip to remove stubborn kettle limescale to reduce energy bills [EXPERT]Households urged to ‘avoid’ four key home improvements before selling [TIPS] Before considering how to prune these plants, gardeners need to have the right tools to carry out this task.  The experts at Garden Street said: “It is important that the secateurs are disinfected before use to prevent the spread of any disease from other trees.”  Mark agreed and added that the cuts made need to be “clean”. He said: “It’s essential to keep your tools sharp to ensure clean cuts and to disinfect when moving between trees, as this helps prevent disease and damage to your tree during these winter months.” Once your tools have been disinfected, it is then time to prune. This involves removing any dead, damaged or diseased branches. READ MORE: ‘Effective combination’ to ‘permanently’ remove ivy from your garden The experts said: “If there are diseased limbs, then cut them back a few inches past the affected area. “Once the diseased branches have been removed, examine the tree to see which other limbs require cutting to even out the branches.   “Avoid cutting back too much as this will leave gaps and put stress on the tree, which will result in unsightly regrowth”.  Mark agreed, but advised leaving the thin side branches that you might be tempted to cut, as these will widen when the tree matures. How to care for Japanese maples in winter  Japanese maple trees are hardy, however, they are still at risk of “winter damage” during particularly harsh winter conditions, warned Gardeners at Garden Street.  To protect them in winter they advised: “If the tree is potted, then to avoid winter damage, simply move the tree to a sheltered area such as a garage or porch to protect it from the snowy and icy weather  “If the tree is in the ground, then you can ensure it remains protected by applying a thick layer of mulch over the root area  “The tree shouldn’t need much, if any, watering during winter. However, watering it well before the winter freeze will help it survive the harsh weather conditions.”