Nyck de Vries will enjoy a major boost on his F1 debut thanks to some inadvertent help from Pierre Gasly and former driver Daniil Kvyat. The Dutchman will take part in his first season as a full-time F1 driver after signing up with AlphaTauri for 2023. However, he will benefit from his outgoing star Gasly's advice through trainer Pyry Salmela. Salmela previously worked closely with Gasly and Kvyat before his F1 retirement and admits he picked up vital lessons. Training the previous two F1 stars has allowed Salmela an up-close look at what it takes to be a driver with this information relayed to De Vries ahead of his first appearance in Bahrain. Speaking to RacingNews365, Salmela said: “Through the experience I gained with Daniil and Pierre, I can now work even better and more efficiently with Nyck. "Thus, even prior to our collaboration, I was able to tell Nyck exactly what he had to take care of, what was needed to get everything in order, so that we could get off to a good start right away. READ MORE: Nyck de Vries admits Verstappen's Mercedes message which led to exit “That worked out well, especially because Nyck immediately gave me confidence. For that, I want to give him a lot of credit, because it made my life much easier.” De Vries secured the seat after impressing in his first ever F1 race in Italy last season. The 27-year-old was drafted into Williams after Alex Albon was taken ill ahead of the race weekend. He immediately got up to speed and dramatically secured points in his first race while team-mate Nicholas Latifi struggled at the back of the field. Max Verstappen then urged De Vries to call Red Bull chief Helmut Marko to discuss a deal. He flew out to Austria days later and finally put pen to paper on a deal when Gasly made the decision to switch to Alpine. DON'T MISSF1 star De Vries being 'sued by real estate magnate over £220k loan' [COMMENT]Toto Wolff has already 'thought' about pinching Red Bull driver [INSIGHT]Nyck de Vries makes first big decision of F1 career  [ANALYSIS] De Vries comes with a range of motorsport experience having won the Formula E title and competed in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Salmela added: "When you start working together, it usually takes some time to get used to each other, but Nyck trusted me right away. “In addition, he himself also knows very well what to do, is very knowledgeable, and that also makes everything a lot easier. You can coach him well, he picks things up quickly and that makes it ideal to work with him. "You know, actually I've worked with three drivers now, with whom it's been very nice to work. That's nice, that you're dealing with guys who want to learn things and realise that you can't just go from zero to hero."