It's been brewing for a few weeks now but Stefan Bajcetic truly announced himself on the biggest stage for Liverpool on Monday with a controlled and exciting performance at the heart of midfield against Everton with Manchester United possibly watching on with jealousy. The 18-year-old had been on the fringes of Jurgen Klopp's squad for most of the season before being given his first Premier League start against Chelsea. His inclusion in the starting line-up raised some eyebrows from many with Fabinho, Jordan Henderson, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain named on the bench. But back-to-back defeats against Brentford and Brighton was seen as an opportunity by Klopp to shake things up and Bajcetic impressed with his ability to break up play and calmness on the ball. He struggled - like every other Liverpool player - in the 3-0 defeat to Wolves, but the match against Everton saw Bajcetic instantly become a fan-favourite. Playing in his first Merseyside derby, some were sceptical whether the young Spaniard was the right pick to play against a Sean Dyche team. Jamie Carragher even admitted his suspicions on commentary - but he was soon made to backtrack on any concerns.  Bajcetic flew into tackles and showcased his passing range to huge fanfare from the Liverpool supporters. The teenager was given a standing ovation by the Anfield faithful when he was brought off by Klopp, who gave the midfielder a big hug on the touchline. Liverpool's obvious need for a rebuild in midfield brings Bajcetic's emergence even more into the spotlight. But United may also be looking on in some envy after being pipped by Liverpool to the signing of Bajcetic in early 2021. The Red Devils had been linked with the promising midfielder back in 2019, but Bajcetic ultimately snubbed a move to Old Trafford in favour of a switch to Anfield. Like Liverpool, United are also in need of some new midfield reinforcements this summer - in particular right now.  Christian Eriksen, Donny van de Beek and Scott McTominay are out injured while Casemiro still has one more league game he's suspended for after being shown a red card against Crystal Palace. United do have their own young talented midfielder in Zidane Iqbal, who was an unused substitute in the recent win over Leeds. But Erik ten Hag is yet to give the 19-year-old a chance in the first team this season, suggesting the teenager isn't quite ready to make an impact. Kobbie Mainoo is also being tipped for a bright future at United, but the 17-year-old is in a similar boat to Iqbal in trying to break into Ten Hag's first-team plans. Meanwhile, Bajcetic is proving to be the real deal at Liverpool with United left licking their wounds at letting a star talent slip through their fingers.