Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has revealed he’s being kept informed on a potential takeover by the Glazers. The Americans confirmed back in November they were open to selling the Red Devils. Qatar look like frontrunners at the current moment in time, though Sir Jim Ratcliffe can’t be ruled out either. Manchester United are in a state of limbo at present. The Glazers confirmed back in November they were open to selling the club after 18 controversial years in the power positions at Old Trafford. Qatar appear to be in pole position to purchase the Red Devils, though Ratcliffe is another candidate. And Ten Hag, speaking ahead of Sunday’s Premier League showdown with Leicester, has admitted the Glazers are keeping him in the loop. “From the start, yes,” the 53-year-old said when quizzed on if he’d spoken to the family. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “They informed me how the process will go. I focus on football, they are focusing on other parts, other departments of the club and how to get everything financed.” He added: “We are following it. It’s our club, but we are focusing on football, on training and our way of play, and games, we are focusing on that. “We are enjoying our togetherness at the moment. It’s really enjoyable to work and we’re focusing on games and we are in four competitions. “Others in the club will have to make decisions and give efforts in the process, as it’s not up to us.” Ten Hag feels United must remain focused on finishing in the top four, with the Red Devils sitting third in the table. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “We are in the right direction, but we have to fight for it,” he said. “That is two ways - one is via the Europa League the other is through the Premier League. “So we know what we have to do. We have to see it game by game and fight to get back into the Champions League.” United are only five points behind Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. But Ten Hag has insisted his side aren’t eyeing the title and are merely taking things game by game. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We don’t think about that so far,” he stated. “What we have to do is to put us, in April, in the right position, so our thinking can only be on the next game. “We always have to better than the previous game and think about it game by game - that is where our energy and focus is. “It means that we have to win on Sunday and we have to collect the three points against Leicester and that demands a lot of energy and it demands high standards.” United remain in contention to win four trophies this season. And they’ll be hoping for a repeat of what happened earlier in the season when they beat Leicester at the King Power Stadium. United were struggling at the time, having lost their opening two league fixtures to Brighton and Brentford. But a goal from Jadon Sancho gave them all three points, with the England international netting just twice in the time since.