Fresh claims Queen Camilla wants her five grandchildren to play an active role in the Coronation have sparked speculation regarding what King Charles's own grandchildren may do on the day. But while a report has made allegations about which duties Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, may undertake despite their young age during the sacred service, it has been claimed sources haven't included the sovereign's youngest grandson and granddaughter in any discussion regarding guests. Analyising the role royal grandchildren may play at the Coronation, the Telegraph wrote it isn't thought Lilibet 'Lili' Diana and Archie Harrison will even travel to London for the ceremony. Sources, the publication wrote, "have not included Archie, who will turn four on the day, and Lilibet, one, in any discussions about who will be in attendance". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not yet confirmed whether they will return to Britain to attend the first Coronation in seven decades. King Charles have included the pair in the 2,000-strong guest list, as previously revealed by Express.co.uk, and those who want to attend will need to inform officials by early April. The fact the fourth birthday of Archie falls on the same day of the Coronation may create an obstacle for the Sussexes' attendance. In June last year, Meghan and Harry managed to combine celebrations for the first birthday of Lili with the attendance to events scheduled for the Platinum Jubilee - albeit they did not happen on the same day of the young royal's party. The whole Sussex family may decide to travel across the pond in early May, with only Meghan and Harry leaving Windsor to attend the Coronation before heading back to their children at Frogmore Cottage, their official residence in the UK. Archie and Lili have never attended an official royal event in Britain, and were far away from the cameras during the Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face seating 'hierarchy' at King's Coronation  On the other hand, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have been eased into duties, as over the past few years they have been making a growing number of public appearances. And in May, the three children of the Prince and Princess of Wales are expected to attend the sacred ceremony. While Charlotte and Louis have been tipped to be just spectators at the historic event, Prince George may play a more active role. However, the broadsheet publication reported Kate and William are "mulling over" whether the second-in-line to the throne should be included in the ceremony, mindful of the attention and pressure the nine-year-old would be under given millions of people around the world will tune in to watch the event. Over the weekend, the Sunday Times wrote Camilla wants her five teenage grandchildren to actively attend the Coronation. The report claimed Her Majesty wants them to hold her canopy over her head while the Archbishop of Canterbury annoints her with the holy oil. In previous Coronations, this was done by Duchesses. Palace sources, however, suggested to the Telegraph no such role was being handed to the children of Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes.