Hit CBS series NCIS will be reaching its 450th episode this weekend after keeping fans entertained for almost two decades. The storyline appears to be never-ending as star Rocky Carroll reveals “anything’s possible” with the potential return of Ziva David and Anthony “Tony” DiNozzo. At the beginning of the year the NCIS veteran took part in a Q&A with TV Insider and spoke about the show's huge milestone whilst also discussing its future. When asked about the possibility of seeing anyone return in upcoming episodes the star teased fans by saying “there's always a chance” Tony and Ziva could come back. Carroll explained: ”I figure there’s always a chance. There’s Tony, there’s Ziva, there’s so many other people who come through and have had such an impact on this show that I think audiences would love, even if they weren’t back as regulars.” Despite fans believing Zina (Cote de Pablo) was dead, according to Carroll “anything’s possible” when it comes to bringing the much-loved character back. He added: "And soap operas, they actually kill people and bring them back to life. "But on our show, they may be gone for a while, and their whereabouts unknown, which is sort of what happened with Ziva.” Both Weatherly and de Pablo were last spotted together during the season 13 finale of the hit show. Special Agent DiNozzo was last seen when he discovered Ziva had died in an attack, leaving behind a daughter, Tali (Emelia and Layla Golfieri). The discovery resulted in Tony leaving for Paris with Ziva's daughter and fans haven't seen the character since. Shortly after Tony’s departure, a fan theory suggested Ziva was still alive and it was later confirmed when she returned alone in season 17 of the show, after being on the run. Carroll isn't the only one who has hinted there could be more in store for the pair, as Weatherly himself dropped a massive clue he could be making a comeback. He sent fans into a frenzy when he suggested they could be in for a treat.   In a New Year’s message to his followers, Weatherly hinted good things are to come, teasing two fan-favourite characters may be reunited soon, as part of an “interesting year” ahead. Weatherly then replied to a fan’s (@dlrthart) Tweet which read: “We all would rather look at you and Ziva reuniting and enjoying that moment.” The star responded: “Stay tuned… for this might be an interesting year for such ‘moments’!” The reply drove fans wild with many sharing their thoughts of excitement to see the pair reunite. Sadly, there haven't been any official updates on the "Tiva" relationship from CBS, so fans will have to hold tight to see if the pair do indeed make a return. Meanwhile, fans can await the possibility of Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs making an epic return to the investigative series in the future, which was also hinted at by Carroll. Mark Harmon left the series in its 19th season, although he remained a part of the opening credits for a while after. The show's creators had said they would always welcome him back as he will always be a part of the NCIS family. NCIS season 20 continues Mondays on CBS in the US and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK 