Arsenal have been handed a boost after head coach Mikel Arteta revealed Gabriel Jesus' recovery from injury is "going well". The Brazilian has not made an appearance since undergoing knee surgery on an injury he picked at the World Cup with Brazil. He was ruled out for three months but he may be back in action sooner than first expected. The 25-year-old posted an update two weeks ago to mark being back on the turf at Arsenal's training base at London Colney, having been training individually inside to aid his recovery. Arsenal boss Arteta has since given an update on his condition and the Spaniard said he is pleased with the progress Jesus is making. "[Jesus is] doing really well," Arteta told reporters at his press conference on Tuesday. "He’s been doing quite a lot of work on the ball already [on the grass] and his rehab is going well." While Jesus appears to be edging closer to reaching full fitness in the near future, Wednesday's crucial encounter against his former club Manchester City will come too soon for the striker. He will first need to rejoin team training before he is again considered for selection, with a full return still therefore a few weeks away. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta rips into PGMOL apology after VAR farce But his return - which is getting closer and closer - is expected to mean Eddie Nketiah, who has performed admirably in Jesus' absence with seven goals in nine games, drops out of the side. The 23-year-old has proved to be an able deputy in the absence of the £45million striker, but there will be added pressure on him to lead the line again at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday. Nketiah will be desperate to get among the goals against the reigning champions as Arsenal eye what would be a massive three points. Only recently, the centre-forward praised Arteta for showing faith in his ability and handing him first-team opportunities and backed himself to continue improving. "It has been good under Mikel, it has been stable," Nketiah told The Times. "From the first day he came in, he said: 'I believe in you and I will give you chances'. He has done it, and I have developed so much thanks to him. DON'T MISSLee Mason punished after Premier League ref at fault for Arsenal errorAnsu Fati's 'response to Arsenal rumours' amid Barcelona frustrationArsenal boss Mikel Arteta set for frosty Anthony Taylor reunion "When you score a lot of goals as a youth player, that's all people see, the numbers. I am 23 years old and humble enough to accept that I am not a finished football player. I'm at a level where I can affect games in the Premier League, and that's what's exciting - because I know there's still a lot of ways I can improve." But it remains to be seen how much longer Nketiah can hold on to his place with the Premier League title up for grabs. Arsenal are only three points clear of City, albeit with a game in hand, and Arteta will know his side cannot afford to drop points. That should see Jesus return to the side as first-choice striker when he is fit to play, as he has contributed to 10 goals in 14 Premier League games. But for now, Nketiah is safe to assume his role as the stand-in for the Gunners.