Pennsylvania Senator John Fetterman checked himself into hospital to treat a "severe" case of depression, an aide for the Democrat said on Thursday. Adam Jentleson said in a statement said Fetterman "has experienced depression off and on throughout his life, it only became severe in recent weeks." Jentleson said the Senator was evaluated by Congress physician Dr Brian P. Monhahan earlier this week and was advised to undergo "inpatient care at Walter Reed."  Fetterman's aide added: "John agreed, and he's receiving treatment on a voluntary basis. "After examining John, the doctors at Walter Reed told us that John is getting the care he needs, and will soon be back to himself." Fetterman won his seat in the November mid-term election after suffering a stroke during the campaign. He was hospitalised again last week and kept under observation for several days after feeling lightheaded. A senior aide to Fetterman later said the depression symptoms the Democrat was coping with are a "very different beast" compared to the aftermath of his stroke last year. JUST IN: Greene in brutal swipe at Nikki Haley as she rejects 'Bush in heels' for GOP nominee  But they told NBC the prospect of resignation was "never discussed" and "not on the table." Gisele Barreto Fetterman said she was "proud" of her husband for taking care of his own mental health after a challenging year. Barreto Fetterman said: "After what he’s been through in the past year, there’s probably no one who wanted to talk about his own health less than John. "I’m so proud of him for asking for help and getting the care he needs." Fetterman's decision has sparked a wave of support from colleagues as well as medical professionals who praised him for his openness about seeking support to treat depression. READ MORE: Three UFOs shot down by US were not linked to Chinese spy balloons, says Biden Chief of Adolescent Med at MassGeneral Scott Hadland said: "Thinking of Senator Fetterman & the courage it takes to seek mental health treatment when you need it. "It ain't easy, and because of stigma & vitriol in politics, he'll get enormous blowback, but he's a role model for the millions of Americans who struggle with depression." American commentator Chris Cillizza wrote on Twitter: "We need to regard mental illness the same way we do physical illness. "If Fetterman broke his leg and had to be hospitalized, no one would say a word. "Please let's not speculate about his fitness to serve because he is doing the brave thing of seeking help for depression." DON'T MISS:Nikki Haley dubbed ‘unfit for POTUS' as 'insane' video unearthed [REPORT]MSU and Sandy Hook shootings survivor, 21, calls for tighter gun laws [INSIGHT]US Senator’s warning over Chinese spy balloon - 'Lock your doors' [ANALYSIS] Delegate for Joe Biden Victor Shi wrote: "Oh no. Senator John Fetterman checked into Walter Reed hospital yesterday to receive treatment for clinical depression — which has become worse in recent days. "Let’s all send Senator Fetterman our love & nothing but a speedy recovery. We need him more than ever before." Former White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki praised the Pennsylvania Senator's decision while warning that "mental health in the US is in crisis." Psaki said: "Just look at the stats about depression among young people. And it is still stigmatized. "It is hard to be public about struggles with mental health but to address we need to embrace not condemn people who talk about it." According to the latest data, between 10 and 27 percent of stroke sufferers develop depression after treatment. Twenty one million American adults reported experiencing a depressive episode in 2022, and 1.9 million children were diagnosed with depression. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews