Chancellor Jeremy Hunt announced cost of living support payments will be made throughout 2023 to millions of people on means-tested benefits including Universal Credit. The support is worth £900 and will be paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) at different points throughout the year. Some eight million Britons will receive £900 in cost of living payments in 2023 which will be paid in three instalments throughout the year. Disabled people and pensioners will receive separate support to this which could add up to £1,350 if someone is eligible for all payments. The first payments can be expected in Spring 2023 and will be worth £301 - although the exact date in Spring still hasn't been confirmed. The DWP has issued a timeline of dates when the payments can be expected throughout the year. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning to pensioners after woman loses £14,500 The DWP has confirmed the timeline for the next cost of living support payments: DON'T MISSUK’s 'best buy savings account’ turns £10k into £12,402 [ALERT]Santander announces interest rate rise on savings accounts [UPDATE]Two months to avoid Hunt's next inheritance and capital gains tax raid [WARNING]   Meanwhile, two million households will get £200 help with energy bills from this week which will be paid to Britons who don’t use mains gas for heating. The Alternative Fuel Payment was launched this week to support nearly two million households who use heating sources such as heating oil, biomass and liquefied petroleum gas to get the support. Most people will receive the funds as a credit on their bill in February, however those who live in park homes or houseboats will have to apply for the funding. Individuals will be able to apply using an online portal which is to launch on the Government website later this month.   This uplift in benefit payments in 2023 will also affect people who claim Carer’s Allowance, Housing Benefit and Pension Credit. The new Pension Credit rates from April 2023 will be: People can check whether they are entitled to Pension Credit by using the calculator on GOV.UK.