Meghan and Harry must be grilled by lawyers over their claims surrounding Meghan's estranged half-sister, judge Charlene Edwards Honeywell has claimed. In reponse to Samantha's suing of Meghan and Harry, the Duchess of Sussex's lawyers have refused to repond to multiple questions posed by Samantha's lawyers, who are reportedly hoping that Ms Honeywell will rule on their motion to dismiss first. Ms Markle's lawyers have asked the US-based judge to stop the process, however, Ms Honeywell has refused, claiming that the Court will likely "dismiss the action in it's entirety". Ms Honeywell, in her ruling, wrote: "Defendant Markle does not show that unusual circumstances justify the requested stay, or that prejudice or an undue burden will result if the Court does not impose a stay." She added: "Although a preliminary peek at the motion to dismiss suggests that some of the claims against her may be ripe for dismissal, the review does not reveal, at this time, a clear indication that the Court will dismiss the action in its entirety." 'Thus, defendant Markle does not satisfy the high standard required to stay discovery pending the resolution of a dispositive motion.' READ MORE: Meghan now has enough confidence to go 'her own way' as Harry makes 'fool' of himself Samantha is claiming $75,000 in damages for the Oprah claims, as well as the claims made in the couple's 2020 biography Finding Freedom. Speaking of Samantha, Ms Honeywell wrote that she doesn't have "the high standard required to stay discovery pending the resolution of a dispositive motion." Following Meghan's earlier claims, Samantha previously said that Meghan was "lying about [her] childhood" after speaking about growing up as an only child. However, the Duchess stating, last year, that her comments were taken out of context. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'have blown it all' after Duke's quest for 'vengeance' against William According to Samantha, the allegations made by Meghan subjected her to "humiliation and shame", as well as "hatred on a worldwide scale". Meghan and her half-sister have reportedly had a different relationship for years. Their turbulent relationship was thrown into the media spotlight in 2017, upon Meghan's engagement to Prince Harry. DON'T MISS Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok  [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION] In her memoir, which is titled 'The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister', Samantha claimed that Meghan had previously ordered that their father, Thomas Markle, should disown her and her brother, Meghan's half-brother, if he wanted to be invited to her wedding to Harry in 2018. She reportedly told Thomas that he didn't "need them", with Meghan asking why he "can't just comply?" when Thomas replied that he loved all of Meghan and his other two children "equally".