Manchester United will have to look outside of Qatar if they're hoping for a full takeover as Qatari Sports Investments (QSI) reportedly have no plans to abandon Paris Saint-Germain for the Old Trafford club. Chelsea's £4.25billion sale at the end of last season has seemingly grabbed the attention of several owners in the Premier League. Just months later, both Liverpool and Manchester United announced they were willing to listen to offers for a takeover. The Glazers released a statement back in November that the club was "commencing a process to explore strategic alternatives for the club". It's been reported that an eye-watering asking price of £6bn has been set by the Glazers for a full takeover. British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe remains the only person to express an interest publicly in buying United. He's the chairman and CEO of global chemicals company INEOS, who also own French side Nice. “We have formally put ourselves into the process,” a spokesman for the British billionaire said last month.  But the bidding process is expected to gain momentum this month as more entities come forward. US bidders are expected to be at the front of the queue while recent reports have stated an offer from Qatar could also be on the cards. The Glazers are said to have set a mid-February deadline for offers to come in with a set of Qatar-based investors willing to put forward an offer. According to PA, QSI are the group behind the Qatar-based group interested in making a bid for United.  But the report adds that they're 'only considering a minority stake' and a full takeover is 'out of the question'. The Qatar investment group are also reportedly looking at other Premier League clubs along with United. QSI are said to 'remain committed to ownership of PSG', indicating the Glazers will have to look elsewhere if they want a full sale. National football federations have outlawed the opportunity for owners to have a controlling stake in more than one club. But they are able to hold minority stakes in other clubs, like QSI have done with Portuguese side Braga.