Graeme Souness believes Marcel Sabitzer was fortunate to escape a red card during Manchester United's Premier League clash with Leicester at Old Trafford following a high challenge on Wout Faes. The Austrian January arrival certainly left his studs on the top of the Belgian defender's leg, sparking huge appeals from the Foxes as they believed the incident should have seen Sabitzer dismissed. Nonetheless, referee Paul Tierney and the VAR officials were happy to let the challenge slide much to the surprise of Souness. The former Liverpool captain was incensed with the incident at half-time as he hit out at the referee, who has "never played the game." When asked by David Jones whether Sabitzer should have been shown a red card, Souness replied: "100 per cent, I think this is a red card for several reasons. "Faes is partially to blame because he's on his heels when the ball breaks. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light "Sabitzer has turned his side, he's turned sidewards on his side. That's a classic case of trying to do someone. "If you're going to do someone, that's how you do it. "If he makes contact with the ball, what's he going to do with the ball? I'm sorry." Jones then questioned whether you have to trust in the referee given the view he had of the incident. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race But that only triggered Souness even more, as he added: "I don't care what some referee who has never played the game has to say on that. That is a red card. "It's dangerous play, if that's not dangerous play, what is?" Leicester, who have been much improved following the January arrivals of Tete, Harry Souttar and Victor Kristiansen, could have been ahead in the early stages of the game had it not been for David de Gea's heroics. But United's attacking threat eventually saw them make the breakthrough when Marcus Rashford continued his purple patch with a ruthless low finish in the first half. The England international would help himself to a second after the interval when he burst through on goal and once again found the finish. Initially, Rashford was flagged offside but a VAR check saw him rewarded with the goal as he was in line with Leicester defender Faes. It was then 3-0 when Jadon Sancho got in on the act to continue his eye-catching return to action following an extensive lay-off. Erik ten Hag also rewarded 17-year-old Kobbie Mainoo with his first Premier League appearance as he entered the fray from the bench.