Prince Andrew has been tipped to write a memoir in order to rehabilitate his image. However, a new Express.co.uk poll has shown that demand for the Duke of York’s life story is limited, with just one in 10 showing interest in reading it. A source described as a “long-time friend” of Andrew, told the Daily Mail that he may try to rehabilitate his reputation by writing a memoir to clear his name. They claimed: “​​It is inconceivable that he has not thought of this. Plenty in his circle think that’s just what he should do and Fergie, who has written her own memoir, My Story, has got all the contacts in publishing.” Sarah Ferguson, Andrew’s ex-wife has written two memoirs and Prince Edward, Duke of Kent shared his life story last summer. Last month Prince Harry published his memoir Spare. The source continued: “He would never have considered it while his mother was alive but it would be the perfect riposte now. Of course, the royals wouldn’t like it, but Fergie did hers and wasn’t ostracised — and as for Harry, they are even now talking about family reconciliation.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew tipped to follow in Harry's footsteps and pen memoir  In a poll that ran from 11:30am on Tuesday, February 7, to 11am on Friday, February 10, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Would you read Prince Andrew’s memoir?” A total of 5.191 readers responded, with the overwhelming majority, 90 per cent (4,672 people), answering “no” they were not interested in reading Andrew’s story. In contrast, nine per cent (445 people) said “yes” they would read a memoir by Andrew, and a further one per cent (74 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers took part in a lively discussion.  Most readers were not interested in Andrew writing a memoir. Username Jeggs said: “Far better for Andrew to keep his head down, and let time be the healer.” Likewise, username Jeremy1951 wrote: “The UK doesn't need or want a memoir from Andrew.” Other readers said they would not read the Duke’s story. Username mags33 commented: “No chance! I wouldn't waste my money.” And username sjc999 agreed, writing: “Certainly wouldn't buy it.” DON'T MISS: Charles and William on united front over Prince Andrew, says expert [INSIGHT]Sarah Ferguson set to spill the beans on Queen, Harry and Meghan [LATEST]Prince Harry has 'no regrets' about the attacks against Firm in Spare [REPORT] Harry’s memoir sold more than 3.2 million copies worldwide in its first week of publication, making it the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time. Despite the success of Harry’s book, which was written by ghostwriter JR Moehringer, some readers said they were not interested in reading royal memoirs. Username skeptiker said: “No, but then again I wouldn’t read the memoirs of any of the Royal Family.” Similarly, username Alison2015 said: “Haven't bought Harry's nor wasted my time reading it. Wouldn't buy any of the Royal Family’s memoirs, to be honest.  Another, username poss wrote: “No, and l won't be reading spare either, waste of time and money.” Username drgf added: “I wouldn't read any royal's memoir.” A minority of readers commented that they would be interested in reading a memoir by Andrew. Username Tgs5995 simply wrote: “Yes!” While username whateveryousay said: “Think it would be worth a read to be fair.”