 Rylan Clark, 34, is currently trekking up the Cairngorm Mountains on the Lairig Ghru track in the Scottish Highlands. While the media personality is not alone, joined by Emma Willis and Oti Mabuse, he shared how brutal the challenge has been as they head into day two of the three-day adventure today.   Yesterday morning the trio embarked on the adventure, starting the track in the morning, physically prepared for the challenge ahead. Emma, 46, and Oti, 32, joined Rylan for the 55-mile journey, and all three are said to be fully equipped for any weather with ice axes and crampons. However, Rylan has shared from the trail that the first day went somewhat awry. He admitted that “my body is shot” and he has sustained some injuries on day one that could impact the rest of the hike. READ MORE: Madonna fires back at ‘misogynistic and ageist’ comments about Grammy Awards appearance  Rylan continued: “I've managed to somehow bruise my face (and) my collarbones from the rucksack so today carrying that (will) be quite difficult.” The Strictly presenter also revealed he didn’t get any sleep last night, saying it’s “quite gutting” to be heading back out with no energy. Yesterday as Rylan lay down for the night he realised his “sleeping bag didn’t fit me” and the chilly winds did not help. Summing up the experience so far, Rylan declared: “It's been a bit of a nightmare so far."     Although Rylan blamed the sleeping bag for his lack of shut eye, Emma had other tales from their first night on the mountain. The presenter shared: “We were with each other in a tent so (they were) kind of rolling on top of me in the night." Emma also said it had reached -2 degrees Celsius during the night and the trio found themselves both in the rain and the snow. She noted: “We literally were too scared to get out in case we started to get really cold so we just bedded in.  “Oti just made us get into bed, basically and we got into our sleeping bags at (7.30pm) and stayed there to (6.30am).” Despite staying in their sleeping bags the entire night just to stay warm, Oti reported that her toes had started cramping due to the severe temperatures. The former Strictly Come Dancing professional said: “When we got to camp, I fell to my knees and I felt like crying at the end of the day one, day two is even more walking." In the morning, once she dared to leave her sleeping bag, Oti began running around their campsite to keep warm despite her “aching” back.  Oti’s schedule hasn’t allowed her much time to train and prepare for the challenge, as she only finished judging Dancing On Ice on Sunday. The trio are raising money for Comic Relief ahead of Red Nose Day on March 17. Before embarking on their adventure, Emma shared a sweet snap with her campmates on Instagram. Alex Jones, Davina McCall, Laura Whitmore and Dame Kelly Holmes all rushed to the comments section to wish the group the best of luck.