Jill Biden wore a gold off-the-shoulder Oscar de la Renta gown to present an award at the 65th annual Grammy Awards. She announced the winner of Best Song for Social Change. The sparkling floor-length dress is very similar to one the first lady as worn before but in black. That's because it is a custom gown made by de la Renta, one of the First Lady's favourite designers. Jill Biden wore the same dress in the darker hue for Joe Biden's State Dinner welcoming French president Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte to the US. The French diplomatic couple attended the dinner at the White House in Washington DC. On the occasion, the First Lady wore the dress with a pair of dazzling diamond earrings. Last night's take on the look was a dazzling affair, the off-the-shoulder look was crafted from golden sparkling leaves and features long sleeves. The First Lady wore the dress with golden earrings and matching pumps. Biden is wearing a custom version of a sequin embellished tulle gown, sold by Net-a-Porter for $16K. However, custom dresses usually cost much more. READ MORE: Jill Biden joined by POTUS as she sets off to for surgery to remove lesion on face The brand-new award honors songs that address social change. When handing out the award at the event in Los Angeles, the First Lady said: "A song can unite, inspire, and ultimately change the world. Beginning this year, the Recording Academy is presenting a new award recognizing a song that responds to the social issues of our time and has the potential for positive global impact." This year's winner is an Iranian singer and songwriter Shervin Hajipour, 25, for her song Baraye, a feminist protest anthem. Biden described the song as a "powerful and poetic call for freedom and women’s rights." She added: "Congratulations, Shervin, and thank you for your song.” Twitter users praised the First Lady for her appearance at the Grammy's. One, Jane wrote: "Dr. Jill Biden at the Grammy Awards. We are so fortunate to have such a beautiful and gracious First Lady." Sarah Skinner replied: "Darn! I missed that! She is a lovely 1st Lady!" Jared called the First Lady: "A walking, talking, living diamond that happens to also be a badass."  Another said: "Our @FLOTUS is gorgeous, intelligent, and kind! So proud of her and our @POTUS." Another said, "That dress makes her look like the trophy." Michael B Leherhoff said: "Class, especially that which is gracious and without airs, is so appealing. And such a stark contrast with her predecessor." Ricky Davila said: "Our wonderful First Lady Dr. Jill Biden made an appearance at the Grammys tonight. Stunning."