Kate, Princess of Wales often opts for low buns and effortlessly elegant updos to attend evening events and formal galas. Although the Princess of Wales' hairstyles seem very intricate and some definitely need the help of a professional stylist, others can be easily recreated at home. Kate wore a very sophisticated yet effortless low bun for a reception in London a few years ago. I tried to create a similar look, and it was easier than expected taking less than five minutes. The updo is perfect for a wedding, a night out with friends, or a Valentine's Day date night. To create this look, you just need two hairbands and some hair clips. Start by brushing your hair to prepare for styling. The first step is to grab two small sections from the front and slowly twist them and secure them at the back with a hair tie. READ MORE: 52-year-old woman looks 20 after she refuses to dress her age  Then, braid the rest of your hair, and using your fingers, pull the braid to make it wider and flatter in order to achieve a more relaxed look. When this is done and you are happy with your braid, pick it up and tuck it in to create your bun. Finally, simply secure the bun with hair pins. This hairstyle is very easy to recreate and it took less than five minutes. Don't forget to apply a strong-hold hairspray to keep the hair in place. What are your thoughts on the results? Share your comments below!   If you have any weddings or special events coming up, this may be the perfect finishing touch to your outfit. Kate wore an almost identical hairstyle to attend the UK’s Creative Industries Reception in London back in 2012. She donned a lovely light grey midi dress and a pair of silver drop earrings to accentuate her effortlessly elegant updo. In recent years, this remains one of Kate's favourite hairstyles but she now opts to combine it with a hat or a headband for a more regal look. READ MORE: Harry should have 'difficult but necessary gesture' to 'avoid another' For casual events, the Princess normally likes to keep her hair loose and style it in subtle waves. I also tried to recreate Kate's iconic waves and I managed to do so in less than 10 minutes using a regular straightener. To have the Princess of Wales' beautiful and shiny hair, make sure you use the most suitable shampoo and conditioner for your hair type. Applying a hair mask once a week is also recommended for a soft and smooth finish, and if you have dry or weak hair taking Vitamin A, Vitamin B or biotin supplements can help. Biotin, also known as vitamin B7, can increase hair growth as it stimulates keratin production. Biotin supplements for hair can be purchased at Holland and Barrett, and experts from the brand explained: "Based on general guidance, it’s recommended people take between 2,000 and 5,000mcg of biotin as a supplement to strengthen hair shafts and potentially see positive hair results." Celebrity hairdresser and brand ambassador for BaByliss, Syd Hayes, commented on Kate's soft, bouncy curls. He said: “Kate’s hair is full, shiny and smooth, it’s been prepped well in order to hold the waves and make the colour pop."