The Idaho murders suspect almost escaped law enforcement after he went missing for hours, it has been revealed. The investigation into Bryan Kohberger, 28, hit a snag when FBI agents "lost" the accused quadruple killer when he set off on a cross-country drive with his father from his apartment at Washington State University (WSU) to his family home in Pennsylvania for the holidays. Law enforcement sources admitted he managed to slip the net almost as soon as his white Hyundai Elantra pulled out of the parking lot at his graduate housing complex, Air Mail reported. Air Mail reporter Howard Blum revealed: "Sources in law enforcement would confide with a bristle of embarrassment, not long after the car had pulled out of its space in the graduate housing parking lot ... in Pullman, Washington, they lost it. "For several alarming hours—or more? the authorities are keeping the precise details of this screwup close to the vest—the chief suspect in a quadruple homicide that had shocked the nation had seemingly vanished. "A mood of panic rapidly escalated into one of despair. Frantically, they began to search the records of automated license-plate readers (A.L.P.R.’s) in nearby states. "It was an exercise in futility: Nothing. Not a single hit." READ MORE: Idaho victim's mum part of Facebook group with suspected killer  Kohberger's father Michael had discussed the trip with the mechanics who serviced his son’s car around the holidays. He has suggested the two set off in the early morning of December 13 taking the I-90 to Pennsylvania. Mr Blum added: "But Bryan, according to what his father told people, insisted the northern route across I-90 promised wintry conditions. "Better to head away from the weather even if it added hours, or even a day, to the trip." Adding almost seven extra hours to the drive, Kohberger is claimed to have "buttonhooked south, toward Colorado, where he’d pick up I-70." Police eventually picked up Kohberger 14 hours later when his Washington state plates were captured in Lomo, Colorado, by a number plate recognition device. Due to a lack of evidence at the time, the FBI were "frustrated and angry", Air Mail reports. "The possibilities were too dangerous. The main problem, shared law-enforcement officials with an arm’s-length familiarity with the FBI’s surveillance operation, was the watchers’ helpless passivity. All they could do was observe from a distance—and wonder." DON'T MISS TikTok star caught in cancer fraud by followers [VIDEO]Ron DeSantis snaps back at Donald Trump branding him 'disloyal' [INSIGHT]Nikki Haley tipped to announce 2024 presidential run in two weeks [ANALYSIS] Kohberger was arrested two weeks later at his family home and extradited to Idaho. He will have a preliminary hearing in late June, when prosecutors will try to show a judge that they have enough evidence to justify the felony charges. Kohberger waived his right to a speedy preliminary hearing. Kohberger's attorney, Anne Taylor, told Magistrate Judge Megan Marshall that Kohberger was willing to waive his right to a speedy preliminary hearing, which would have required that it be held within two weeks. The hearing itself will likely take four or five days, Taylor said.