The Ultra Low Emission Zone will expand once again on August 29, 2023, to include all 32 boroughs and the City of London. From today, January 30, Londoners receiving certain low-income or disability benefits can apply to the Mayor of London's £110million scrappage scheme. Eligible applicants could receive a payment to scrap their vehicle, or choose a lower payment plus one or two TfL Annual Bus and Tram passes worth more than the payment alone. The London Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has urged London Mayor Sadiq Khan to take concrete actions to reform the ULEZ vehicle scrappage scheme. LCCI Chief Executive, Richard Burge, has written to the Mayor calling for the ULEZ vehicle scrappage scheme to provide support for all small businesses in London. The expansion of ULEZ to the whole of the capital puts extreme pressure on small and medium-sized enterprises that have shown remarkable resilience in a volatile market. READ MORE: Škoda offering £1,000 free fuel voucher to UK drivers Richard Burge has called on the Mayor to take advantage of the recent decision of the London Assembly to invest further into the vehicle scrappage scheme so that all small businesses can be covered in advance of the ULEZ roll-out on August 29, 2023. The LCCI states that the ULEZ is a step in the right direction towards reducing air pollution that will “save many lives”. It has been described as a stepping stone to making London one of the greenest, sustainable and safest cities to live and work. Mr Burge added: “The ULEZ scheme, introduced as a public health initiative, should not snowball to become another economic issue that London businesses need to worry about. DON'T MISSE10 petrol changes add £300 to fuel bills - 'real blow' [SHOCKING]Fuel 'gamblers' risk fines and penalty points if they run out [WARNING]Electric car charging network needs to be 'prioritised' before 2030 [COMMENT] “The proposed start of the wider ULEZ area represents a challenge for businesses. It is imperative that the Greater London Authority (GLA) reviews its stance and makes reforms to provide support for small businesses and not just sole traders and micro businesses. “This is not just critical towards protecting the London economy but will also ensure more vehicles are compliant so that air quality is tangibly improved.” The LCCI is suggesting that the Greater London Authority creates a “green transition list” for businesses that can demonstrate they have purchased a ULEZ-compliant vehicle to replace their non-compliant vehicle. Those that are waiting for their compliant vehicle to be delivered would then be able to use their non-compliant vehicle in the extended ULEZ area in the interim. READ MORE: Clever parking method can help commuters save £1,200 a year This would ensure there is no disruption in the normal working of businesses while the scheme is being implemented. James Watkins, Head of Policy and Public Impact at the LCCI, said: “The ULEZ scheme has the capability of transforming London into one of the cleanest cities in the world. “However, we also need to make sure that its roll-out doesn’t negatively impact businesses due to a short turn-around time and lack of support. “Due to extended lead times for new vehicles, the second-hand vehicle market is also seeing significant upward pressure on prices. “This could further inhibit the ability of firms to switch to ULEZ-compliant vehicles before the proposed start date for the extended zone.” Petrol vehicles registered after 2006 and diesel vans registered since 2016 will evade the charge, under which drivers must pay £12.50 a day to enter the zone. It is expected that thousands of drivers will now be forced to pay the charge to drive in the capital and the surrounding areas, much to the anger of many politicians. Eligible applicants can get up to £2,000 for scrapping a car or up to £1,000 for scrapping a motorcycle. For wheelchair-accessible vehicles that don't meet the ULEZ emissions standards, there is a grant of £5,000 to scrap, or retrofit to ULEZ standards.  The car and motorcycle scrappage scheme is open to applicants living in London and receiving one or more of a list of benefits. This includes Universal Credit, Carer’s Allowance, Jobseeker's Allowance, Personal Independence Payment and a number of others.