Ted Lasso fans have been waiting for over 18 months for the Emmy-winning Apple TV drama to return. And now, their prayers have been answered as the likes of Ted (played by Jason Sudeikis), Roy Kent (Brett Goldstein), Coach Beard (Brendan Hunt) and many more have provided a first look at the new series along with a release date. Apple’s new teaser for Ted Lasso season three has confirmed that all-new episodes will arrive on March 15. The news was confirmed in a promo trailer which showed the likes of Roy Kent and his AFC Richmond teammates pondering how to create their own “Believe” posters. Several of the show’s best-loved characters were involved, confirming their returns in the new series. This means Roy will be joined by on-screen other half Keeley (Juno Temple) as well as former teammates Sam (Toheeb Jimoh), Isaac (Kola Bokinni, Jamie (Phil Dunster) and AFC Richmond owner, Rebecca (Hannah Waddingham). READ MORE: NCIS LA's Eric Christian Olsen 'overwhelmed' as he talks new project The new season will be released on the streaming service on a weekly basis every Wednesday following the premiere. Ted Lasso season three will consist of 12 episodes in total, meaning the new season's run should take it to the summer. There have been rumours season three will be the last instalment in the series, with many fans fearing this will be Ted's swan song as AFC Richmond coach. Channing Dungey, the Chairman and CEO of Warner Bros TV was quizzed on the possibility by Deadline and replied: “If that is all we do in the Ted Lasso universe, I think the fans will be really happy and excited.  "But there’s also a way to crack open a door. If we’re fortunate enough to do more, we can keep on going,” she added. Despite the rumours of a possible ending, it didn’t dampen fans’ joy at the show’s return, with Instagram user @shem_k_ replying to Apple’s post: “After shouting for series 3 for ages, I now don’t feel emotionally prepared for it to be so close.” And @blumancunian could barely contain their excitement, commenting: “Absolutely buzzing for this.” Elsewhere, @guimellorj weighed in: “Finally! This show is a puff a love right in the heart!” DON'T MISS:Ted Lasso's Roy Kent star gives cryptic answer to if season 3 is lastShrinking star ‘didn’t expect’ Harrison Ford to be so funnySarah Niles admits Ted Lasso was ‘lonely’ compared to Riches role While @sueannnest was more than pleased, replying: “Y E S. Thanks, best Valentine's Day ever.” This was echoed by @severancedupdates who said: “Only a month until one of the best shows comes back! What a good Valentine’s day surprise!” And @reydearmas concurred by excitedly typing: “OH HELL YEAH! LET’S GOOOO.” (Sic) As well as the first trailer for the new series, Apple has released a synopsis for what fans can expect when season three gets underway.  It reads: "The newly-promoted AFC Richmond faces ridicule as media predictions widely peg them as last in the Premier League and Nate (Nick Mohammed), now hailed as the 'wonder kid,' has gone to work for Rupert (Anthony Head) at West Ham United. "In the wake of Nate’s contentious departure from Richmond, Roy Kent steps up as assistant coach, alongside Beard. "Meanwhile, while Ted deals with pressures at work, he continues to wrestle with his own personal issues back home, Rebecca (Hannah Waddingham) is focused on defeating Rupert and Keeley (Juno Temple) navigates being the boss of her own PR agency. "Things seem to be falling apart both on and off the pitch, but Team Lasso is set to give it their best shot anyway." Ted Lasso season 3 premieres on Apple TV+ on Wednesday, March 15.