World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has proved himself as king of the ring, but the boxing superstar is also dominating the world of business. With an estimated net worth of around £130million, the Mancunian star is at the forefront of an emerging trend among athletes using their platforms to post huge profits promoting products. After all, brands have a lot to gain themselves by partnering with a global superstar who routinely draws millions of spectators for his fights. And Fury has left few stones unturned when it comes to capitalising on his considerable renown. As well as cooking up his own line of 'Furocity' energy drinks, 'The Gypsy King' is an ambassador for sports drink company WOW Hydrate. Manchester United skipper Harry Maguire, Manchester City vice-captain Kevin De Bruyne and Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn are each also on the brand's list of partnered names, as well as Fury's former coach, Ben Davison. The Morecambe-based prizefighter also followed the likes of Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao by teaming up with FashionNova in the past. Both he and Deontay Wilder were sponsored by the fashion brand for the third and final fight in their trilogy, since which Fury's choice of attire has become a frequent talking point. READ MORE: Boxing LIVE: Fury and Paul agree on rematch, BT Sport viewers want refund, Froch sceptical  It's not uncommon for the 34-year-old to be seen wearing bizarrely patterned suits and shirts, whether that's promoting a fight or at public speaking events. Viewers will have seen the star wearing one such outfit with the green, seaside-themed number he donned for brother Tommy's win over Jake Paul on Sunday. 'TNT' surged to a decision win over long-time rival Paul in Saudi Arabia, extending his unbeaten record to a dominant 9-0 at the Diriyah Arena. And there was no mistaking the highlighted Tyson as he joined in on the post-fight festivities thanks to his green get-up. Italian designer Claudio Lugli—who has also dressed UFC icon Conor McGregor in the past—is responsible for the creations, which never fail to grab attention. But for all he's banked thanks to these lucrative sponsorships, Fury said in 2022—shortly before he briefly retired following a stoppage win over Dillian Whyte—that money is no longer a priority for him. DON'T MISSTyson Fury lost £100k despite brother Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul in Saudi ArabiaJake Paul robbed by 'immature' ref as Deontay Wilder backs American after Tommy Fury lossCristiano Ronaldo couldn't care less as reaction to Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul filmed    “The only thing I can gain is money, so after this fight I’ll have earned over £100million,” he said at the time. “If I can spend that, I don’t deserve any more, do I? I know Mike Tyson spent half a billion and Evander Holyfield £400m and all the rest, but I don’t live their big flash lifestyles." The WBC titleholder appears to be genuine in that regard given he donated all of his earnings from the December 2018 draw against Wilder to charity. Companies continue to queue up to work with one of the most recognisable faces in sport, however, as the Fury empire shows no signs of shrinking.