Erik ten Hag's sensational start as Manchester United manager has won over supporters and critics en masse. And Sir Alex Ferguson is included in the Dutchman's rave of admirers, made even more apparent by a telling change in his recent attendance. Ferguson has been a long-term regular at Old Trafford since his 2013 retirement, continuing to support the club he once helmed so greatly. The iconic 81-year-old unsurprisingly has a reserved spot in the directors' box, from which he perches over every home game. However, according to the Mail, he is also becoming a constant fixture at United's away games as Ten Hag turns the club's fortunes around. The report claims Ferguson has been left 'enthused' by Ten Hag and the progress he is making in the dugout where he previously masterminded 27 years of success. After the worst Premier League season in the club's history, the United boss has overcome relentless adversity to rapidly set sail in the right direction. JUST IN: Guardiola bemoans 'exhausting' London trip as Man City lose to Spurs The Red Devils are third in the Premier League after 21 games, eight points behind leaders Arsenal and three behind Manchester City. He has helped make Old Trafford a fortress again, playing host to 13 consecutive victories for the first time since Ferguson's reign. United have beaten Arsenal, Liverpool, Man City and Tottenham Hotspur at the Theatre of Dreams, with Chelsea yet to visit to complete a clean sweep throughout the league's 'Big Six'. Ten Hag has also won all six of his domestic cup games in charge, guiding United to the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle United later this month. DON'T MISS Guardiola sends message to Pochettino after Man City lose at TottenhamMan City boss Pep Guardiola makes title admission after Tottenham lossPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeat It's the best winning run in domestic cups at the start of a managerial tenure in the club's history, and the impressive records don't peak there. Ten Hag has taken just 34 games to win his first 25 games as United manager, the least of any other, including Ferguson. And with new ownership and an influx of investment expected in the next few months, he should have the freedom to continue moulding his squad to his liking after the success of his recruitment so far. Repeating Ferguson's success in M16 is almost impossible, but he would make a good start getting anywhere near by lifting silverware at the first possible opportunity at Wembley on February 26. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here