Boris Johnson has urged Rishi Sunak to lead the way internationally by giving Ukraine Typhoon fighter jets to win the war against Russia. The former Prime Minister said that "2023 must be the year of victory for Ukraine". And applying pressure on Mr Sunak, he said: "There is no reason that we could not give Ukraine Typhoons and if we need to train them to use them let's do that." Mr Johnson was speaking to mark the year's anniversary of Putin's invasion of Ukraine. He warned: "This is a decisive moment for the 21st century. If we allow Putin to win it will send a signal around the world that national borders can be changed by force." The former Prime Minister said that "if Putin is able to manufacture a victory" then it would leave the other parts of "the former Russian emprire" exposed including Moldova, the baltic states and Poland. He added: "2023 has got to be the year of victory for Ukraine." But he insisted that the west needs to provide more tanks and artillery as well as fighter jets to enable it to win the war. Mr Johnson said: "It's the best thing for Ukraine, it's the best thing for the Russian people, it's the best thing for the world - so lets get on with it." He argued that in areas like the defence of kyiv, Ukraine had already shown itself capable of defeating Russia.  With the UN debating a motion to demand Russia leaves Ukraine, Mr Johnson also had a warning for China. He said: "I think it would be a historic mistake by the Chinese." "Why does China want to be contaminated by association with Putin who's revealed himself to be a gangster and an adventurer?" Addressing what needs to be done now, he went on: "We should focus on our Ukrainian friends and what we can do to help them overcome this appalling invasion of their territory." Asked if Ukraine can win, he added: "I think they can and they will win but what I'm saying is let's not delay. "If they need the kit sooner or later, if that's the choice - sooner or later - then let's give it them sooner." But he warned: "This is an absolutely critical moment for the world." 