Sky Sports commentators Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher both felt that Newcastle goalkeeper Loris Karius could have done better when trying to keep out Marcus Rashford’s strike in the Carabao Cup final. The shot took a deflection off of Sven Botman before looping over the stand-in No 1. Manchester United took the lead at the Wembley Stadium through midfielder Casemiro in the 33rd minute, steering home a neat header after a set-piece from Luke Shaw. Karius had very little chance of keeping out the opener, though some felt that he should have prevented his side from going two goals behind just six minutes later. Rashford was played through by Wout Weghorst and managed to work the ball onto his left foot and scuff a strike towards goal, though the effort deflected off of Botman and looped over the head of Karius and into the back of the net. Neville made it clear that he felt the former Liverpool goalkeeper was to blame for the goal, feeling that he dropped to the ground too early when anticipating the direction of Rashford’s strike. Carragher then added: “He should have saved it.” Karius is making his Newcastle debut in the cup final, and few could have predicted that he would enter the fray in such intense circumstances. Usual goalkeeper Nick Pope is suspended for the match after being shown a straight red card against Liverpool last weekend. Martin Dubravka would typically replace the former Burnley star but he is cup-tied, having made two appearances for United in the competition earlier this season before his loan stint at Old Trafford was cut-short. Eddie Howe insisted before kick-off that he tried to ensure that Karius did not feel out of place in preparation for the final, saying: “I have tried to be very normal with Loris. He is an experienced goalkeeper and he needs no words from me. He has worked with the coaches and the team, we have done all the prep like he is our number one, now the rest is up to him and the team to produce a good performance.” However, Neville was initially fearful of how the 29-year-old may cope against United, explaining: “This is a massive day for Karius - to play his first competitive game in a long time, the sharpness and the feeling of it, he has never played at Wembley before. There has been a lot of well wishes, but that won’t help him when he steps out on that pitch.”