The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver allows customers to benefit from 5.25 percent gross/AER fixed interest. The 5.25 percent AER is fixed for 12 months and will be applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. Club Lloyds customers are encouraged to “take advantage of this exclusive savings account,” to get more for their money. The Club Lloyds Monthly Saver is a regular, fixed rate savings account, meaning customers are encouraged to frequently put money away for a fixed, high-rate return at the end of the account's term. Customers can save between £25 and £400 every month by one standing order or bank transfer. This needs to reach the account before the 25th of the month. READ MORE:  Dragons’ Den success lands £25m deal in just three months - cast made 'excellent profit'  These are top-paying regular savers come which customers must also hold another product from the same provider, usually its current account. Lloyds customers can also get £200 when they switch to a qualifying Current Account. Britons will get £200 in 10 working days once they switch To qualify people must switch using the ‘Current Account Switch Service’ to a Qualifying Account. A Qualifying Account is one of the following: READ MORE: 'No cost in it!': Entrepreneur shares 'key' tip which helped her secure £4m funding Each account has certain fees attached each month. For more information, people can check the Lloyds website. In order to benefit, customers must start their switch from their old bank to their Qualifying Account by March 7, 2023. Lloyds Silver Account includes added benefits including European travel and mobile insurance as well as breakdown cover with Roadside Assistance With a Club Lloyds Silver Account, customers can get the best of both Club Lloyds and Silver. Lloyds Platinum Account is packed with benefits including Worldwide travel and mobile insurance as well as breakdown cover with National Recovery Club Lloyds Platinum Account provides the best of both Club Lloyds and Platinum. Other accounts available to switch are the Classic which is free everyday banking, and the Club Lloyds which people can earn credit interest and a yearly lifestyle benefit. With Club Lloyds accounts customers can benefit from: Existing Lloyds customer can qualify for the £200 offer as long as they haven’t received cashback from them since April 2020 and they complete their switch using the Current Account Switch Service to switch a bank account held elsewhere.