March is just around the corner and many are speculating about what Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will have to say in his spring Budget. From inheritance tax reform to an update on the state pension age changes, there are all sorts of plans which could be announced. While the details of his statement are tightly under wraps, there are some certainties when it comes to money matters in March. With increases in bills and the end of the £400 energy bills support scheme both on the cards, it's important to take note of what's to come, and budget accordingly. Rail fares in England will be increasing from March 5. They usually rise by the Retail Price Index (RPI), which would have meant fares would soar by 12.3 percent. READ MORE: Waspi woman's heart-rending plea for justice weeks before dying In what it said was the "biggest intervention in its history", the Government has capped this year's increase at 5.9 percent - 6.4 percentage points lower than RPI figure. The government also froze fares for the entirety of January and February, which gives passengers more time to purchase cheaper flexible and season tickets at the existing rate. Transport Secretary Mark Harper said in December: "It has been a difficult year and the impact of inflation is being felt across the UK economy. We do not want to add to the problem. "This is a fair balance between the passengers who use our trains and the taxpayers who help pay for them." Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will deliver his Spring Budget statement in the House of Commons on March 15. It's not known what will be announced but there are calls, including from 25 Conservative MPs, to reform the current tax system in a bid to "make it fairer" for families. In a letter from Catholic Union President Sir Edward Leigh, to the Chancellor ahead of the Budget, MPs have asked for a “commission on family taxation” to be set up with the aim of reducing the tax burden on families and making the overall system fairer. Rt Hon Sir Edward Leigh MP said: “Reducing the tax burden on families is something all MPs should be able to support. The best way of supporting people with the cost of living is surely to help households keep more of the money they earn. "We need to look at the whole way we structure the tax system in this country. It cannot be right that a household with two earners currently pays less proportionately in tax than a household with one earner. READ MORE: Five things you need to know this ISA season as deadline looms Miriam Cates MP commented: “Our tax system actively discourages people from having children, it makes it difficult for them to look after their children, and it does nothing to support stable couple relationships. In the UK, unlike in many comparable Western nations, our unit of taxation is the individual and not the household. So if you are a single person with no dependents earning £40 000 per year you pay the same amount of tax as a parent earning £40 000 supporting a partner and three children, even though your outgoings are significantly lower." She added that a commission on family taxation considers scrapping the two child cap on Universal Credit and Working Tax Credits, as well as raising the High Income Child Benefit Tax Charge (HICBC) threshold, at which point they start to lose their Child Benefit. The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee will next announce any changes they decide to make to the Base Rate on March 23. The Bank Rate is currently at four percent, following 10 consecutive increases. It's not known what the next decision will be, but Laith Khalaf, head of investment analysis at AJ Bell, pointed out that markets are expecting interest rates to peak at 4.5 percent in 2023. Speaking last month, he added that it "looks a reasonable estimate as things stand at the moment". The £400 energy bills support scheme has been running since October, with payments being applied in instalments over six months. The measure is helping 29 million households across Great Britain, the government said. Households saw a discount of £66 applied to energy bills in October and November, then £67 each month from December. The way in which the discount has been provided has been different for prepayment customers. Smart prepayment meter customers saw the discount credited directly to their smart prepayment meters in the first week of each month of delivery, while traditional prepayment meter customers were issued redeemable EBSS Energy Bill discount vouchers or Special Action Messages (SAMs).