Emmerdale will not be airing in its usual slot on ITV this week as football coverage dominates the network, as well as the BBC. Coronation Street and EastEnders will also be impacted by the schedule shake-up, which will begin on Tuesday. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when Emmerdale will be airing. From 7pm on Tuesday, the FA Cup will take over the BBC and ITV with Bristol City v Manchester City airing on ITV from 7.30pm. With this in mind, Emmerdale will air in its former timeslot of 7pm, ahead of the pre-match coverage. As for the BBC, Fulham is up against Leeds United from 7.45pm, with pre-match coverage from 7.30pm. Moving to Wednesday, there will be a match on ITV from 7pm, with Manchester United playing West Ham. READ MORE: Charles Foster dies as tributes pour in for Corrie and Emmerdale star Over on BBC One, Sheffield United play Tottenham Hotspur from 7.30pm. On Thursday, Emmerdale will air at 7pm once again, although no matches are planned for that evening. The soap will air for an hour on Thursday and will be followed by Coronation Street at 8pm. Looking to Friday, Emmerdale will once again air at 7pm with an hour-long episode. The soap will be followed by an episode of Coronation Street at 8pm. In summary, the soap schedule from Tuesday is as follows: Tuesday: EastEnders cancelled 7pm, ITV - Emmerdale Wednesday: No soaps airing Thursday: 7pm, ITV - hour-long Emmerdale 7.30pm, BBC One - EastEnders 8pm, ITV - Coronation Street Friday: 7pm, ITV - hour-long Emmerdale 7.30pm, BBC One - EastEnders 8pm, ITV - Coronation Street DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Sam Dingle dealt another devastating blowEmmerdale's Sarah Sugden dies as fans 'work out' Debbie returnEmmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal As for what fans can expect this week in Emmerdale, Paddy Dingle's (played by Dominic Brunt) facade crumbles as he is left utterly broken. Meanwhile, Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) agrees to step in and support Leyla Cavanagh (Roxy Shahidi). Later in the week, Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) is feeling the pressure as Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) tries to stay strong for Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn). The youngster's future is on the line as his solicitor calls with big news. By the end of the week, the search for Paddy continues as he contemplates his next move. Elsewhere, Amy shocks Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) with an unexpected proposal. Meanwhile, Dawn Fletcher (Olivia Bromley) is thrown when she sees Alex Moore (Liam Boyle) and Naomi Walters (Karene Peter) flirting. There is plenty of drama to look forward to this week despite the changes to the TV schedule.  Emmerdale airs on ITV at 7pm this week.