PSG chiefs are reportedly discussing hiring Steven Gerrard as their next manager as they weigh up replacing under-fire boss Christophe Galtier. Parisian chiefs believe the former Liverpool captain could enhance their on-field performance, while he is also a high-profile name, so will entertain a lot of interest in the club. Gerrard has had a mixed managerial career so far after entering the hot seat for the first time at Rangers in 2018. The Scouser was able to finally end Celtic’s dominance in the Scottish Premiership, leading the Gers to a first title in 10 years after going the entire 2020/21 season unbeaten. He also helped lay the foundations for improved performances in Europe, with the club twice getting to the knockout rounds of the Europa League. His time in Glasgow eventually earned him the Aston Villa job in 2021 as he replaced Dean Smith. However, the team’s performances left a lot to be desired, with fans eventually turning against him. He lasted last than a year in the job and has yet to be offered another opportunity in management. Now, it appears this may soon change with the Scottish Daily Express reporting that PSG chiefs have discussed hiring them as their new manager. Current boss Galtier is under increasing pressure with his side facing an uphill battle to remain in the Champions League. JUST IN: Michael Owen leaves Champions League fans perplexed with Nunez comment Officials at the Ligue 1 champions are said to believe that Gerrard can bring better results on the field while he is also a high-profile name who could enhance their reputation. However, he is not the only person in the frame. The Evening Standard has stated that the club could try and tempt former boss Thomas Tuchel to return after sacking him on Christmas Day in 2022. The German has been out of work since leaving Chelsea last September and it remains to be seen whether or not he would be open to the job if Galtier departed. It is unclear whether or not Gerrard would like to take on another managerial role at this stage after admitting that the job can take it out of you mentally. DON'T MISS...Jordan Henderson awkwardly shuts down reporter after Real Madrid lossLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp to 'hold inquest' after Real Madrid lossCarragher goes in on Liverpool and Van Dijk after Real Madrid defeat “Of course it does [take a toll],” he told BT Sport last month. “You’re very much all-in. You’re very much living it on a daily basis, 24 hours around the clock. I was speaking to the boys earlier about the tiredness that you feel, you feel like you’ve played yourself. “When you get a result however way it goes you’re onto the next game, you’re watching games, you get very little rest and sleep so, of course, it’s going to take a toll. And of course, if results aren’t going your way you’re going to feel that even more.”