This morning a tidal wave of indignation swept across the country, as half a million state employees staged the biggest coordinated walkout for a decade in support of hefty pay demands. With no settlement of these disputes in sight, the industrial turmoil looks certain to worsen. Further stoppages by nurses, ambulance crews, firefighters and junior doctors seem inevitable. This escalating militancy is exacting a heavy price, both in economic damage – the strikes are estimated to have cost £200million – and in the disruption to the public. Strikes are a crude weapon whose impact depends on maximising chaos, which is why the great progressive US President Franklin D Roosevelt regarded their deployment in the public sector as a form of blackmail. “The obstruction of government operations until their demands are satisfied,” he wrote in 1937, was “unthinkable and intolerable.” No such spirit of restraint applies to Britain’s trade unions today. Immersed in their quasi-Marxist fantasy as the champions of the oppressed proletariat, they revel in fomenting confrontation and denouncing Tory rule. Their spiritual home is the picket line. Their tool of business is the megaphone. But the more they whip up discontent, the less justified their cause becomes. At the heart of the current turmoil are union demands for pay rises that match or even exceed inflation. Much of the public feels a degree of sympathy for such claims, especially in the cases of nurses, but the truth is that a series of generous deals is completely unaffordable. If the Government were to agree inflation-equalling pay increases across the public sector, the bill would hit a colossal £28billion this year, a sum that could only be met by huge tax rises or massive budget cuts. In practice, the cost could be much higher, given the far higher demands from some unions, like 26 per cent for junior doctors, 17 per cent for nurses and 12 per cent for teachers. To back up these calls, the militants wail about the miserable penury of their members, embodied in accusations that, because of vicious Tory austerity, public employees are now forced to used food banks. “We are supposed to be professionals yet we cannot afford to live,” said one striking teacher. But these tales of woe are wildly exaggerated. Inflation may have eroded earnings to an extent, but pay in most of these occupations is still reasonable. The average salary for a paramedic is £49,000, for a lecturer £47,000 and for a qualified firefighter £39,000. In addition, public employees tend to have bigger pensions and greater job security than the private sector. Indeed an OECD survey revealed teachers in England enjoy higher pay and shorter hours than most of their counterparts in the developed world. “Pay up, save our schools,” read a placard on a teachers’ picket line yesterday. But a costly surrender to union bullies would do nothing to improve failing state organisations. What the public sector really needs is not an inflationary splurge of cash into pay packets but comprehensive reform to tackle low productivity, chronic waste and restrictive practices. To achieve that, the Government must tame the unions, which have long been a barrier to change. In particular, their ability to cause mayhem must be curtailed. Ministers have made a start with legislation to impose minimum service levels during strikes, but they should use public disillusion with the militants to be much bolder. The law should also require an absolute majority of the entire union membership to have voted for a strike, rather than the current 40 per cent. The statutory notice period to an employer before a strike should be raised from one week to two, while each walkout should legally require its own mandate, thereby preventing unions from using a single ballot to indulge in a long programme of stop- pages stretches for months. Above all, the unions should lose their outrageous immunity from being sued for damages caused by their actions. No other corporation, individual or company, enjoys such a sweeping legal privilege. It is an anachronism that has encouraged irresponsibility, extremism and self-indulgence. If commuters could sue the RMT or patients the BMA, the strikes would soon judder to a halt. Then real progress could be made on building the public sector our nation deserves.