This year's Chinese New Year began from January 22, 2023, and will end on February 9, 2024. The Rat is the first sign of the zodiac. The signs are, in order: the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig. Past Years of the Rat include 2020, 2008, 1996, 1984, 1972, 1960, 1948, 1936. A Rat year occurs every 12 years - the next one will be in 2032. According to the Chinese zodiac story, in the competition held by the Jade Emperor to decide the zodiac animals, the quick-witted rat asked the diligent ox to take him on a ride to cross the river and jumped down before the ox crossed the finish line. Thus the rat won the race and became the first of the zodiac animals, followed by ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, goat, monkey, rooster, dog and pig. In Chinese element theory, each zodiac sign is associated with one of the five elements: Wood, Fire, Earth, Gold (Metal), and Water, according to China Highlights. Each Rat-element year corresponds with an element and comes once in a 60-year cycle. For example, 2020 was the year of the Metal Rat. The next Metal Rat year is 2080. READ MORE: William is 'especially close' to one royal - makes him feel 'relaxed' Astrologers at China Highlights explained that rats are "quick-witted, resourceful, and smart but lack courage". With rich imaginations and sharp observations, they can take advantage of various opportunities well. In Chinese culture, rats represent working diligently and thriftiness, so people born in a Rat year are thought to be wealthy and prosperous. Men born in a Rat year are very curious, tending to try their hands at anything, and they can deal with tasks skillfully. However, due to a lack of courage, as well as good command skills, they are not capable of being leaders. Opportunistic and picky as male Rats are, they do not have broad minds, but take a narrow view of things. Women born in a Rat year are pretty, smart, and lovely. They have quick minds and dexterous hands, and are able to learn anything. They are always considerate of their families and friends. Chinese astrology states that certain zodiac animal combinations get along better than others, and that some animal signs are natural enemies. The most compatible zodiac signs with a Rat are the Rat, Ox, Dragon, or Monkey. The Rat and Ox have complementary characters and will help each other in their work and home lives, while the Rat and Dragon will have a good relationship and support each other. Couples including a Rat and a Monkey will get along well and be happy. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims The least compatible zodiac signs with a Rat are the Rabbit, Horse, or Rooster. A Rat clashes easily with these animals. They lack tolerance toward each other and it's hard to sustain a lasting peace. The Rat's lucky numbers are two, three, and numbers containing those digits. Meanwhile, their lucky days are the 4th and 13th of every Chinese lunar month. Their lucky colours are blue, gold, and green, while their lucky flowers are the lily and the African violet. With good insight and a sharp perspective, Rats have good judgment in what they do, which enables them to prevent unnecessary problems, according to astrologers at China Highlights. Rats are cautious and meticulous, so they tend to show a serious attitude toward their work. The best career for Rats are: administrator, director, manager, entrepreneur, broadcaster, writer, musician, stand-up comedian, politician, lawyer, researcher, and racing car driver. According to astrologers, Rats are generally healthy. They are full of energy and active, which helps them keep fit and avoid illness. A balanced diet and regular exercise benefit Rats. With enough rest Rats can keep high spirits at work, which can improve work efficiency. When in stressful and tense conditions, Rats are suggested to take a walk to free stress and tension.