Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta will be happy with the latest fixture changes announced by the Premier League. The Spaniard revealed his feelings on the schedule last week ahead of the trip to Aston Villa. Arsenal played Villa at 12.30pm on Saturday, less than 72 hours after the 3-1 home defeat to Manchester City at the Emirates. The current ruling is if a Premier League team played in the Champions League on a Wednesday, then they would not be involved in the early kick-off on the following Saturday. Arteta wants that rule to be brought in for all competitions for top-flight teams in England. And it appears the Premier League may have listened to his complaints. The latest TV schedule changes have been revealed as Arsenal hunt their first title since 2004. The north Londoners play the return match against City at the Etihad on the original date of April 26 at 8pm. READ MORE: Tottenham outcast may follow Dele Alli path with 'immediate' switch to Turkey  They then face Chelsea at the Emirates three days later. But instead of being at 12.30pm, the game will kick off in the evening at 5.30pm. It therefore won't be as quick a turnaround for Arsenal as it was last week. Arsenal will also have an extra day's rest in the build-up to the trip to City. Their match at home to Southampton has been brought forward to Friday April 21. City, meanwhile, don't play until 4.30pm on Sunday April 23 away to Brighton. However, Arsenal's clash with Saints will move to 7pm on the Sunday if they reach the quarter-final of the Europa League. DON'T MISSHow Man Utd dressing room 'privately reacted' to Ten Hag's treatment of SanchoChelsea owner Boehly begins summer fire sale with 'fee agreed' for starletMan Utd takeover plunged into doubt as Glazer 'reservations' come to light  Speaking at his press conference last Friday, Arteta outlined his disappointment at the lack of time between recent matches. He said: "It’s very difficult to play tomorrow [but] we will have full energy. "It’s not a worry - I want the players to be in the best possible mindset and physically ready to get that challenge going. There are certain rules with the Champions League where if you play on a Wednesday night, you cannot play on a Saturday. "I think that should apply to any competition. That’s why I think the changes were made towards the Champions League teams especially, but following the same principle you’re talking physiologically that it is very difficult to turn around in that period to get the best outcome and reduce the anger there is for players."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here