Sir Martin Broughton believes Liverpool and Manchester United's valuations are unrealistic because they aren't based in London. The billionaire, involved in the running to buy Chelsea from Roman Abramovich last year, doubts whether either club will attract as much interest as the Blues. Liverpool would reportedly seek a fee north of the £4.25billion Todd Boehly's consortium paid to take over Chelsea. Meanwhile, a £6bn fee is being banded around the Glazer family's sale of United, which is thought to be more imminent. However, Broughton claims his experience bidding for Chelsea last year showed that billionaires are keener to invest in London clubs. The executive, who was chairman at Liverpool when Fenway Sports Group became owners at Anfield in 2010, doesn't believe either club will get the fee they desire. He said: "I would question whether they'll [United and Liverpool] get the kind of prices that they floated. JUST IN: Five Arsene Wenger stalwarts that wouldn't start for Arteta's Arsenal  "With Chelsea – and I think Arsenal and Tottenham would fall into the same category – the people we spoke to tended to be overseas billionaires who had a pad in London. "And the pad in London was in Knightsbridge or Kensington, Chelsea or something. So when they came to London, they went to Chelsea. "They were football fans, and they were Chelsea fans ... they're not going to be bidders for Liverpool or Manchester United because they've got a pad in London. "And they're not planning to move their pad to Manchester or Liverpool. So it's a different type of buyer to the ones that we were looking for with our consortium." DON'T MISS New Super League explained - Four key changes as Perez and co returnMan Utd proven right as Jamie Carragher performs huge Martinez U-turnFernandes comments on Man Utd squad speak volumes ahead of Leeds Raine group, who the Glazers appointed to oversee a potential sale after their success at Chelsea, have set the deadline for bids as Friday, February 17. But so far, only Sir Jim Ratcliffe and his company INEOS have stepped forward as public suitors. That said, there has been plenty of movement behind the scenes, and his main competition is expected to come from the United States and Qatar. However, if Broughton is right and the Glazers' lofty valuation isn't met, they may welcome investment for a minority share rather than a full-scale sale. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here