While living costs remain high, Britons are being urged to check whether they’re claiming all of the financial support they may be eligible for. Attendance Allowance is a benefit distributed by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) and while some 1.6 million are receiving the support, it’s thought that a further 3.2 million are missing out, despite fitting the qualifying criteria to claim. Attendance Allowance is a benefit for people who have reached state pension age (66) and need help with personal care or supervision due to illness or a disability. Currently, the benefit can be worth up to £400.40 a month at its highest rate, equating to £4,804.80 per year. From April, the rate will be worth even more as benefits rise in line with September 2022’s inflation rate of 10.1 percent, bringing the highest payment up to around £441 a month and a much more sizeable £5,291 a year. But with millions missing out on the significant income boost, it could pay to know the criteria to claim. READ MORE: I did a shop at Tesco Express instead of a big store but I won't again  To claim Attendance Allowance, a person must be of or over the state pension age of 66 and be in Great Britain (England, Scotland, or Wales). They must have also been in Great Britain for the last two years - although this doesn't count for refugees or those with humanitarian protection status. A person must also be habitually resident in the UK, Ireland, Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands and aren’t subject to immigration control. If all of this applies, as mentioned, the person must also have a type of disability or illness which means support or supervision is required to help with personal care. This can include anything from sight or hearing impairments and learning difficulties to mobility issues such as arthritis or mental health issues such as dementia or psychosis. DON'T MISS: Britons urged to 'act fast' to secure full state pension [EXPLAINED]Couple save £15k and shave ‘six years’ from mortgage with overpayments [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]   People may also be eligible if they have difficulties with smaller, personal tasks, however, this help must have been needed for the past six months unless they have less than six months to live. The full list of conditions that can qualify for Attendance Allowance include: READ MORE: Chip offers 'excellent' interest rate on easy access savings account  Britons don’t need to have had a diagnosis for their condition to apply. According to the DWP, as long as they’ve needed help or supervision, or have had difficulties for six months because of their condition, they can claim it. However, it should be noted, Britons won't be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already receive Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Adult Disability Payment (ADP), or the care component of Disability Living Allowance (DLA). The rate at which Attendance Allowance is paid depends on just how much help is required, but the funds don’t need to be spent on care. Instead, it can be put towards other household bills. There are two rates of Attendance Allowance offered, the lower rate and the higher rate. The lower rate applies to people who need help during the day or at night and currently amounts to £61.85 per week.  The higher rate applies to those who need help during both the day and at night, or have a terminal illness. This currently amounts to £92.40 per week. The two rates will rise to £68.10 per week and £101.75 per week from April, respectively. Attendance Allowance isn’t a means-tested benefit, meaning current savings or income won’t affect the claim, nor will it impact other benefits. In fact, eligibility for Attendance Allowance could actually help with claims for other benefits, such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit, or council tax reduction. To claim, people need to fill out a form clearly outlining the help they do need, as well as the help they don't.  to pick up the form, claimants can either call the helpline on 0800 731 0122 or download it from the Government website. 