Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy reportedly wants to retain his job at the Premier League club and has set an eye-watering price for a takeover. Spurs are apparently the subject of interest from Jahm Najafi but there supposedly remains distance in the two parties’ valuations of the north London outfit. Levy is the longest-serving chairman in the Premier League, having held his post since 2001. However, Spurs have been put up for sale and the 61-year-old’s future is now in doubt. Reports on Wednesday suggested that businessman Najafi is interested in buying Spurs. They claim that the 60-year-old Iranian-American is lining up a £3.1billion purchase of the club. But that valuation apparently falls well short of Levy’s asking price. The divisive figure reportedly believes interested parties should be paying north of £3.5bn to gain full control of Spurs. JUST IN: How to watch Arsenal vs Man City with match not on Sky Sports or BT That is according to the Daily Telegraph, who claim that Levy would also like to remain in his role, at least in the short term, in the event of any takeover. The report adds that sources close to Najafi insist that no formal offer has been made. Najafi was understood to have held talks with Everton officials over a potential purchase. However, Toffees majority shareholder Farhad Moshiri has denied reports that the club is up for sale. Billionaire Najafi owns a Phoenix-based private equity firm and has partial control of the Phoenix Suns NBA team. He has apparently turned his attention to Spurs although will need to increase his valuation as Levy has reportedly already turned down a £2.9bn offer. Several Premier League clubs are seeking either a full sale or partial investment. There is interest in Spurs, Manchester United and Liverpool, whose owners all are seeking investment in various forms. DON'T MISS...Gary Neville told Dele Alli to 'sort himself out' but it was ignoredTottenham set for £3bn takeover bid from Iranian-American magnateUEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle Some top-flight owners have concluded that they can no longer compete with the financial muscle of Manchester City, Chelsea and Newcastle. Man Utd have employed the Raine Group to oversee a possible sale, after the bank helped secure the £2.5bn Boehly-Clearlake consortium purchase of Chelsea last May. Spurs, United and Liverpool have all had interest from Qatari consortiums. The Middle East Nation is seeking to continue its investment in football following its perceived success of hosting the World Cup. The Qatar Investment Authority has reportedly shown an interest in all three clubs, although reports this week claim it is focusing its attention on United. Any Qatari investment would need to prove that is it separate to Qatar Sports Investment, which owns French club Paris Saint-Germain.