Arsenal are reportedly still interested in signing Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram. The Frenchman is out of contract at the end of the season and is set to become a free agent. Thuram was heavily linked with a move away from Monchengladbach in January. The Bundesliga club were wary of losing him for nothing in six months' time. But he decided he wanted to stay put before making a decision on his future in the summer. Arsenal were one of a long list of clubs reported to be interested in a bargain deal. Spanish outlet Sport claims the Gunners are still open to signing the player once he becomes a free agent. However, Barcelona have also joined a number of teams who are interested in the 25-year-old. READ MORE: Arsenal may already have the next Saka, Xhaka and Nketiah  Chelsea, Newcastle and Aston Villa are the other English clubs named by Sport. Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund, Inter Milan, Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid and Sevilla join a lengthy list. But if Arsenal were to win the race, it would throw doubt over the future of Folarin Balogun. The young forward is currently on loan in France with Reims. He is the top scorer in Ligue 1, with 14 goals to his name, ahead of the likes of Kylian Mbappe. Balogun came through the ranks at Arsenal but is now on his second loan away from the club. The 21-year-old will return to face competition up front with Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah. The possible addition of Thuram as well would also make life even harder for Balogun. DON'T MISSMan Utd's Greenwood has problem even if club approve return to Ten Hag's teamMan Utd star Garnacho aims dig at Ten Hag after disappointing Leeds drawChelsea boss Potter warned he needs to meet two targets to avoid sack  Thuram can play out wide but Arteta would unlikely go into a season with four players who have the potential to play as the central striker. Balogun still has two-and-a-half years remaining on his contract at the Emirates. But Arteta is yet to make a decision on what his plans will be for him next season. Thuram, the son of former France star Lilian, is in his fourth season with Monchengladbach. He has 10 goals and three assists to his name in 18 league appearances so far this season. He was part of the France squad which reached the World Cup final in Qatar in December. Thuram made his debut for his country in 2020. However, he is yet to score in his nine caps for Les Bleus.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here