Nicola Bulley's children are questioning where their missing mother is as the local community reels from her disappearance. Lancashire residents gathered in St Michael's on Wyre this weekend to paid tribute to the mum-of-two, who vanished more than a week ago on January 27. They lit candles for Ms Bulley at St Michael's church, a short walk from where she dropped her daughters off for school the day she went missing. The two girls, aged six and nine, are anxiously awaiting their mother's return, a family friend has told Sky News. Speaking to the network, Jill Peck said the situation is "hard for them" and that they have "all the same emotions as everybody else". Ms Peck and Ms Bulley's "group of mums" have helped look after the children in her absence. She said the group has helped ensure they lead as normal a life as possible while authorities search for their mum. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's friend share 11 facts you may not know about case But, while they have kept them distracted with planned events and the stress "away from the school" they are "aware that something is happening". Ms Peck said the children have questions about what is happening with their mother. She said they "desperately want her home" and are always asking: "Where is she and is she coming home?" Their family members and friends can't give them answers, with the search struggling to find a trace of Ms Bulley. Investigators are operating on the hypothesis that she fell into the River Wyre, possibly while trying to retrieve a tennis ball for her dog, Willow. Police have not found any sign that she slipped into the water from the riverbank. But officers have recovered a phone that belonged to Ms Bulley on a bench overlooking the waterway. Investigation leaders believe that she may not necessarily have left clear traces if she slipped and fell. Speaking to the Sunday Times, Lancashire police Superintendent Sally Riley explained that police have conducted a "detailed search" of the area. She added that "scuff marks" wouldn't necessarily show up if she fell from a "sheer" drop. Supt Riley said: “I think if it had been a sloping bank, a common sense view would be that you would expect to find scuff marks. “If it is sheer and you lose your footing, you might not have any marks left on the grass. All of that has been subjected to a detailed search.”