To some, the prospect of Qatar buying Manchester United greatly appeals. And comments from Cristiano Ronaldo prove why, with the Portugal international breaking rank to criticise the Glazers back in November. Fans of the Red Devils have long loathed the Americans and, therefore, would be willing to do a deal with the Middle-Eastern nation to ensure brothers Joel and Avram depart for good. United have been ruled by the Glazers ever since 2005, with Sir Alex Ferguson ensuring their reign get off to a winning start. However, ever since the Scot’s retirement back in 2013, the fury directed at the Americans has only grown. United fans have grown tired of brothers Joel and Avram Glazer making a profit while their team fails to win football’s biggest trophies. The good news is, however, that the Glazers’ time as owners is nearly up. Qatar are confident they’ll be able to buy United and blow any competition out of the water, in a takeover that would rock the sport to its foundations. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Some believe the Middle-Eastern nation shouldn’t be who the club turn to at such a delicate point in their history. Others, however, would accept Qatar just so it meant seeing the back of the Glazers. And anybody from the outside looking for a greater understanding of the situation need only to revisit Ronaldo’s comments back in November. In a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan, the Portugal international broke rank to slam the Americans for how they manage the club. “The Glazers, they don’t care about the club, professional sport,” he said. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit “As you know Manchester is a marketing club, they will get money from the marketing. The sport - they don’t really care in my opinion. “They give all the power to the president and sporting director.” He added: “The fans should know the truth. The players want the best for the club, I want this best. This is I came to Manchester United, this is why I love the club. “But you have some things inside the club which don’t help Manchester to reach the top level as City, Liverpool and even now Arsenal for example. It’s complicated, difficult. “In my opinion it will be hard for Manchester to be in the top of the game in the next two, three years.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Qatar, however, have promised to do things differently. They’re willing to give United huge money to spend on matters such as the refurbishment of Old Trafford and transfer business for Erik ten Hag. And while many are sceptical, the Red Devils faithful are willing to see a deal struck if it means getting their club back where they used to be. Ronaldo’s comments cost him his United career but did, at least, show players agreed over the Glazers and their neglectful rule. There’s certainly a sense, too, that United need a change. They’ve won just three trophies in the years since Ferguson walked off into the sunset. And United have burned through millions during that spell, without really improving. Ronaldo warned United that they faced more time in the wilderness with the Glazers in power. Now, with an exit for the Americans on the cards, the future looks brighter.