Prince William has "his reservations" about the Duke of Sussex attending King Charles's Coronation, it has been claimed. A source described as a friend of the Prince of Wales pointed at the revelations and claims made by Prince Harry in his memoir Spare as a reason behind the heir to the throne's hesitations. William was reportedly "gobsmacked" in particular by the fact his younger brother "resorted to dragging up" the row surrounding the Duke of Sussex's decision to wear a Nazi uniform at a fancy dress party in 2005 and alleging the now Prince and Princess of Wales had approved of it. The source told the Daily Beast: "You can understand why William has his reservations about Harry attending King Charles’ Coronation." The friend then referred as William being the sticking point in getting Meghan and Harry at the historic ceremony. A previous report by the same publication reported a source saying the Prince of Wales will "of course" abide by Charles's decision concerning the attendance of Prince Harry at the Coronation. However, they added, William would "much rather Harry wasn't there". They said: "The relationship between Harry and William is now non-existent. They haven’t spoken since the book came out, and William has no intention of picking up the phone any time soon. "If it was William’s Coronation, Harry wouldn’t be on the list. It’s no secret that, personally, he would much rather Harry wasn’t there after everything he has said and done." The source also claimed the King and his heir have "never been closer" in the wake of the revelations and allegations made by Harry and Meghan. READ MORE: Prince Andrew has 'no royal future' no matter what path he chooses This comes as Express.co.uk ended speculation on whether King Charles would invite his second son and daughter-in-law to the first Coronation to be held in England in seven decades. A Whitehall source said: "They’re on the list and planning is well underway to make sure the proceedings run as smooth as possible - without any drama." Officials want to reduce the chance of Harry and William being seen in public together. The seating arrangements being organised in Westminster Abbey, where the Coronation is taking place, will aim at avoiding the brothers being pictured together. Prince Harry disclosed several private moments and conversations in his book, which sold 3.2 million copies worldwide during its first week on the market. He also raised a series of allegations with the potential to damage the Firm and its members, including the claim William physically attacked him during a discussion at Nottingham Cottage in early 2019. The book was accompanied by a series of interviews with selected journalists, including CBS' Anderson Cooper, to whom the Duke of Sussex told he thought Queen Camilla was "dangerous" because of her need to rehabilitate her image in the early 2000s. In December, Harry and Meghan appeared in the six-episode documentary released by Netflix which focused on their lives, their romance and struggles. The Prince and Princess of Wales were described by Meghan as not keen on hugs after they appeared jarred by her friendliness on their first official meeting behind the scenes. Neither Kensington Palace nor Buckingham Palace has commented on the allegations and criticism raised by the Sussexes over the past few weeks.