Meghan Markle is at risk of damaging the "Sussex brand" if she hits back at the creators of South Park, according to a US PR expert. Caricatures of Meghan and Prince Harry featured in a recent episode of the cartoon comedy show as the "Prince and Princess of Canada" in an episode entitled "World Privacy Tour", with a character calling them out as "dumb and stupid". A description for the programme refers to a "prince and his wife" trying to "find privacy and seclusion in a small mountain town". One character complains they are "sick of hearing about them", however Meghan should be careful about how she responds to these apparent jibes. Celebrity publicity expert Matt Yanofsky told The Mirror that the show's creators were playing on Meghan's "divisiveness". He said: "Meghan Markle is divisive, and South Park is playing on that image, so it won't impact her.  "South Park taking aim is a natural progression. Her brand hasn't been damaged; if anything, things like this continue to show her relevancy." He explained: "If she responds in the wrong way, it could impact her differently." The animated TV show, created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, focusses on four friends Stan, Kyle, Eric and Kenny living together in South Park. READ MORE: King Charles could 'strong-arm' Harry and Meghan into losing titles During the episode character Kyle is seen saying: "It seriously is driving me crazy. I'm sick of hearing about them but I can't get away from them! "They're everywhere. In my f****ing face," he says as the friends discuss the royal couple in their school canteen. Another character, Stan, replies: "Look, Kyle, we just kind of don't care about some dumb prince and his stupid wife." DON'T MISS:Kate's hugging spree is 'orchestrated' attempt to prove Meghan wrong [LATEST]Harry's claim he had no access to Queen after Megxit is 'nonsense' [SPOTLIGHT]Harry's 'limited budget' claims proven after Charles's recent outing [INSIGHT]  Royal expert Neil Sean has now said the Sussexes "could call in the lawyers" in the aftermath of the episode. He told Fox News: "According to sources close to the ex-royals, it appears that, like so many things with Meghan and Harry, this may have legal ramifications attached. "Their legal team are casting an eye over the episode to see what is wrong, and what could be turned into something more sinister." This is not the first time South Park has targeted the royals, as the Prince and Princess of Wales have also featured on the show. 