Depending on the size of your household, the cumulative cost of laundry detergent, fabric conditioner and stain removal sticks can quickly stack up. Plus, with the cost of living crisis prompting many to tighten their purse strings, everyone is looking for easy ways to cut costs on these everyday expenses. John Stirzaker from NetVoucherCodes.co.uk has compiled a list of ways to save cash when doing the weekly wash. He said: “For many families the laundry can be costly. But there are ways to reduce the cost of your laundry. “Small changes like using dryer balls and selecting quick options are really effective in the long run and you won’t notice any difference in the quality of your clothes and how they’re cleaned. “One of the biggest things is washing your clothes at off-peak times. Peak times are when less people across the UK will be using energy in their homes. “Think really early in the morning or late evening after seven or 8pm. It’s not always possible to do this but if you can it will definitely save you some cash.” READ MORE: ‘Best cure’ to eliminate ‘sour smells’ from laundry - ‘works miracles’ If households can, they should try to hold off putting the washing machine on until they have enough laundry for a full load. The washing machine will use the same amount of energy no matter how many clothes are in there, so Britons are better off waiting until the laundry builds up a bit. However, the expert highlighted that newer washing machines do have half load settings. This is great as it tells the machine there are less clothes and therefore less water is used. Try to put laundry loads on at off-peak times which tend to be early in the mornings or late at night. DON'T MISS‘Best location’ to plant hydrangeas in gardens - avoid ‘wrong area’ [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ methods to remove ivy without damaging your garden [TIPS]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [INSIGHT] This time frame tends to be when energy prices are lower as most people aren’t using energy at this time. However, it’s worth noting that this only applies to those who are on a certain tariff so it is worth checking with your energy supplier to see if this applies to you. Just like with washing machines, it is important for households to avoid overfilling their tumble dryer as it’ll need to use more energy to dry the clothes as the appliance will be running for longer. John said: “Putting too many clothes in the dryer means they will take more time to dry and you’ll need to have it on for longer. This means an increased use of energy, so try not to fill the dryer up to the brim.” READ MORE: ‘Big mistake’ to ‘avoid’ when using your tumble dryer - ‘damaging’ For those looking to save money on their laundry, an obvious way to do this is to line-dry clothes rather than using the table dryer. However, the expert suggested that if the weather forecast is rain then households can always air dry their clothes inside on a drying rack - just be sure to space out the clothes so they dry properly. Britons should check their machine for a quick wash option if they want to save money. Johns explained: “A lot of machines have a quick wash option which uses less time and energy. Unless all of your clothes are stained, this should work perfectly fine.” If this is not the case, households can also opt to wash their clothes on a cooler wash as most detergents will work effectively at 30 degrees. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While it is easy to neglect the dryer filter, the expert noted that a regular clean will help the tumble dryer work “more efficiently and safely”. Scrub the filter once a month with a toothbrush to remove film buildup that can reduce air circulation. It is worth buying some dryer balls which help separate clothes in a drying cycle. John explained: “This allows more air flow between them meaning they will dry faster, use less energy and cost you less money.” For those who don’t have dryer balls tennis balls can also be used as an alternative to stop clothing, bedding or towels from getting tangled in one another.