Neymar only suffered a sprained ankle as he was stretchered off in Paris Saint-Germain’s thrilling 4-3 win over Lille on Sunday. The Brazilian was carried off the pitch in tears and clearly in a lot of pain in the second half of the Ligue 1 clash. Neymar appeared to jolt his ankle as he turned away from a challenge. Images of the incident raised fears that he had damaged ligaments. The 31-year-old remained on the turf as he received treatment. Several medics were then forced to carry the attacker off the pitch on a stretcher, with Neymar seemingly visibly distraught as he was replaced by Hugo Ekitike. But PSG boss Christophe Galtier has confirmed that Neymar has only sprained his ankle. Such injuries take just a couple of weeks to recover from, although that could still rule the winger out of the second leg of PSG’s Champions League tie with Bayern Munich on March 8. JUST IN: Man Utd fans think Ten Hag is signing Tielemans after gesture spotted Galtier said: “Neymar is suffering from a sprained right ankle. “He left for tests to find out his seriousness. Nuno Mendes has stretched the internal lateral ligament a little but it does not seem very serious to me. “For injuries, it is never due to chance. There are always reasons for injuries: the calendar, the sequence of matches. But that complicates things. It is necessary to make the round back, but this Sunday it is with a victory. It’s more pleasant.” Before the incredible 4-3 win, which was sealed by a fantastic, 95th-minute Lionel Messi free-kick, Galtier had been forced to defend Kylian Mbappe over comments he made in the aftermath of Tuesday’s 1-0 defeat by Bayern. Mbappe said his team-mates needed to “sleep well, eat well” in comments that coincided with the leak of a picture of Neymar ordering from McDonald’s. It has emerged that the quotes were a coincidence and came before the picture of Neymar was taken later that evening. DON''T MISS...Liverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute flightGraeme Souness shakes his head amid Hasselbaink clash over Man UtdArsenal deal for Vitor Roque in jeopardy amid Barcelona 'talks' Galtier said: "What Kylian said in the mixed zone post-game is exactly what he said in the locker room. They were words of great maturity to make sure that everybody stays mobilised. They were welcome. “I will not associate Kylian's words with the picture of Neymar in a fast food chain. I spoke with Neymar and I told him what I thought. He has the right to play poker on his day off -- he loves it.” Clearly unhappy with the picture of Neymar, though, Galtier added: “I told him what I thought of the photo which came out, though. That is absolutely clear."