If we survive (because that is how serious this is) and history books continue to be written they will not be kind. We, the West, have dithered and we have prevaricated and we have not wanted to accept this is our war. It is, and it always was. It's not even that we haven't learned the lessons of history - we have. But we've just been too scared, too politically gutless and too inept to act on those lessons in the best interest of the world. Wars, it goes without saying, are desperate, terrible things where civilisation comes to a full stop and evil, albeit briefly, triumphs. The only way - the only way - to end them quickly is to go in harder, faster and heavier than the enemy and make their body count and material loss higher than yours. That way wars are shorter and the death toll is actually reduced. Vietnam could have been over in months rather than 10 years if the soldiers had been allowed to do what soldiers do. But the PR of modern politics won't allow that. We have to pretend that wars are sanitised, TV-ready things, that decisions on your side won't mean death on theirs, which is why economic sanctions are the go-to and actual military assistance is drip-fed so reluctantly. This of course means just enough weapons to continue a conflict indefinitely - but not enough to bring it to an end. Which brings us to Ukraine - a "three-day war" marking its bloody one-year anniversary today. Figures out today from the UN Human Rights Office estimate the death toll to have reached 300,000. Clearly, our politics have utterly failed. The EU, which was established let's not forget solely to prevent a war in Europe, has signally failed. NATO, which was happy to send bombers and fighters into Bosnia to end that war, has signally failed here. Even Britain, despite Boris Johnson notably leading the international outcry against Putin's tyranny, has failed to provide truly game-changing munitions. (For a year Mr Zelensky has begged for planes - still no planes. There will be, you can put your mortgage on it, but many thousands will die first.) We also shamefully failed to hold up our end of the bargain in the now infamous 1994 Budapest Memorandum in which Britain, the US and indeed Russia convinced Kyiv to give up its considerable nuclear arsenal by promising to come to Ukraine's aid if it was ever under attack. The same treaty of course had Russia accepting Ukraine's borders and sovereignty. One wonders just how brave Mr Putin would have been if Mr Zelensky still had 130 UR-100N ICBMs with their 30,000 kiloton yields, at his disposal. So, 365 days into this three-day war what are we to conclude? I mean cutting through the mish-mash of timid, self-serving politics?First and foremost the world is a much, much more dangerous place. The touchstone of mankind's psychotic insanity in the post-war era used to be the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis, in future years (if indeed there are to be future years) will be Putin's Russo-Ukraine war. China is slowly but surely being dragged into this war. Xi Jinping could really do without it as he has enough strains on his economy already, but the people of China apparently see Russia as friend and us corrupt, bourgeois imperialists in the West very much as enemy, so his hands are tied. In fact, China has much to gain from Putin's crazed imperialism - whether he wins or loses the established post-war international order, which has pivoted around the democracies of the US and Europe, has been wounded, perhaps fatally, and the shift towards Asian autocracies much hastened.  Only today China put forward a peace plan - flexing her muscles on the world stage - but Beijing is simultaneously part-funding this war and no one would faint with surprise if Chinese-sourced missiles started landing in Ukraine. This morning King Charles solemnly declared "the world is united" - but it's not is it? In her sympathy for Moscow China is joined by our friends in India, Turkey and - lord knows why - but South Africa. They are pushing for a negotiated settlement which would almost certainly allow Putin to annex large parts of the Donbas region, where he has been funding a dirty little war for more than a decade. This is a very bad idea. The lesson of history? It's impossible not to see Donbas as Sudetenland and Putin as Hitler. In 1938 Adolf promised Britain that his skirmish and annexation of Sudetenland (Czechoslovakia) would be the end of it, so Chamberlain signed the Munich Agreement. But it wasn't the end. It was all the encouragement Hitler needed to start World War 2 a year later and kill 75 million human beings. Putin has been on his obsessive and deadly Tsarist/Stalinist/imperialist adventure for years, in Georgia, in Chechnya, and in Crimea for starters. He's a slippery snake of a man and is gambling precisely that the world will trade part of sovereign Ukraine for short-term peace.But the world shouldn't countenance this. Any appeasement will bring more war. Bigger, bolder and bloodier. Appeasement always does.