There’s nothing worse than taking your laundry out of the washing machine and getting hit with a nasty, sour smell rather than the fresh laundry scent you were expecting. Laundry can even come out of the washing machine smelling fresh, but then once dried it can gather pungent odour. This can be caused by a variety of different issues, but fortunately, fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared how to “best” combat this. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook, one woman shared that her bed sheets smell awful once they have been dried. Jaqueline Curran wrote: “Why are my sheets, when dried and aired, giving off a sour smell? Any suggestions on how to get rid of it?” The post has received over 100 comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts eager to share their top tips, the majority of which claimed that the reason for this is a build up of detergent and fabric softener and that the laundry has not been cleaned sufficiently. Dawn Millar said: “Too much fabric conditioner.” Bexx Abbott commented: “It's a build up of detergent and fabric condition in the machine causing bacteria.” READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove a yellow stain from a white top - photos Plamena Staneva replied: “I never have issues when I tumble dry them. But if it's on the airer and it's not warm enough to dry them quickly, the damp stays too long, and that's what makes them smell. I hate that, so I use only tumble dryers.” To combat the odour, Mrs Hinch fans suggested that Jaqueline uses white vinegar when washing her sheets. Michelle Arnold said: “Try adding a cup of white vinegar in the drawer when washing. Great for eliminating odours.” Karen Ferguson wrote: “A cup of pure white vinegar in your machines.” Leah Smith commented: “Too much softer, I use white vinegar, no damp smell.” DON'T MISS‘Big mistake’ to ‘avoid’ when using your tumble dryer - ‘damaging’ [INSIGHT]8 ‘effortless’ home improvements to do before selling to ‘boost value’ [TIPS]Seven ‘hardy’ spring plants for ‘brilliant' displays ‘year after year’ [EXPERT] Loretta Hill advised: “Use a cup of vinegar in the wash and a cup in the rinse. The vinegar will reduce the smell and the sheets will feel softer. Thank me later.” Julie Karlosbarry Brawny instructed: “Put white vinegar in your washing machine with your bed sheets and use washing powder instead of liquid or capsules.” Selina Johnson said: “White vinegar is a great antibacterial agent and works miracles for many things, so try it in your washing machine with your washing. It’s the best cure for sour smells.” Catherine McAuley added: “Use a cup of vinegar in the wash. Gets rid of the smell and softens clothes.” READ MORE: ‘Best’ tip to remove stubborn kettle limescale to reduce energy bills The cleaning pros at Persil also recommended adding white vinegar to washes when clothes gather a nasty odour. They said: “The trick to removing this smell is to pop a cupful of white vinegar into the washing machine drum along with your laundry. “Vinegar is a great deodoriser, and don’t worry – your clothes won’t smell like pickled onions.” White vinegar is a staple in most households, but if you don’t own some already, it can be purchased for only 29p from supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To prevent the musty odours from gathering on laundry in the first place, cleaning enthusiasts suggest putting washing on a second spin and removing it from the washing machine as soon as the cycle has come to an end. Sanda Cirino said: “Do a second spin, dry sheets over banister, because they’re-spread out they dry really quickly, so no sour smell.” Lorraine Larkings wrote: “Try two spins. Takes more water out. Take it out of the washing machine asap and put over the banister or clothes horse opened up.” Nicky Bacchus commented: “It’s important to get them out of the machine and dried as soon as the wash finishes. Left even for a short while can make them smell.”