The Masked Singer is a guessing game unlike any other with elaborate costumes, head scratching clues and some astounding performances. Eccentric Phoenix has been a favourite for audiences at home as well as the panelists but many are still none the wiser as to who could be behind the mask. While some ITV viewers have predicted it to be I Predict A Riot singer Ricky Wilson, Express.co.uk spoke with a vocal expert who has an alternative theory. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.Phoenix has been an enigma for weeks with celebrities such as Doctor Who's David Tennant, EastEnders' Sid Owen and Dragons' Den star Peter Jones all predicted to be under the costume. The theatrical bird took to the stage once again for Week Six with a rendition of It's Not Unusual by Tom Jones which received a standing ovation from the panellists. Still, they are none the wiser, unable to pin the voice to a famous face. However, there is a theory it could be Kaiser Chiefs' lead vocalist Ricky Wilson. READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered A clue a few weeks back was a paint brush and palette which could be a link to the singer's previous profession as an art teacher. He also listed a number of reality shows, bar The Voice which he was a coach on until quitting in 2016. After comedian Katherine Ryan was unveiled as Pigeon, she told the Daily Star she also thought it was the 45-year-old. She said: "I think that I recognise Phoenix's voice. "I feel like because I'm a fan of the Kaiser Chiefs, I feel like it sounds like Ricky Wilson but I don't know that for sure." While TommyD, music producer, and co-founder of TokenTraxx, also thinks Wilson could be behind Phoenix, he does have another prediction. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he explained: "I think I heard a tinge of Scots coming into the performance tonight. "There’s a few obvious choices but I’m gonna go complete curveball and say Frankie Boyle. "He’s mad enough to do it and actually a great singer, if you like that drunk Uncle at a wedding karaoke party." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie [EXIT]The Masked Singer USA announces series 9 elimination twist [EXPLAINER]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's true identity  [REACTION] Scottish comedian and writer Frankie Boyle is known for his cynical and often controversial sense of humour. None of the panelists have guessed him so far for Phoenix but did think he was taking part last year as Bagpipes, until he was revealed as tennis player Pat Cash. But could Boyle be taking on The Masked Singer as Phoenix in 2023? Last weekend saw not one but two contestants leave the show for good. The first to leave the show was Knitting who was revealed as none other than Steps singer Claire Richards. It then came down to Jacket Potato and Otter with the panellists unanimously deciding to send home Otter. When the mask came off, fans were stunned to see it was This Country star Daisy May Cooper. The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 8pm on ITV.