The former Top Gear host is father to daughters Emily and Katya, as well as son Finlo. Speaking out in his latest column, the 62-year-old spoke of the over-stretched police force. Jeremy Clarkson titled his update: Want Plod to turn up to a crime scene? Fire up the wood-burner. He stated that he had been left "shocked" to hear that local councils had more than 18,000 complaints about wood-burning stoves, but these resulted in only 17 fines for smoke-control breaches. It comes after The Times reported that the government would be encouraging them to use their powers to issue householders £300 on-the-spot fines for flouting air pollution rules by burning logs at home. However, amid the news, The Grand Tour star questioned how the police would have the time. READ MORE: John Torode admits 'I disappear' in marriage to wife Lisa Faulkner "If I were a policeman or a policemanwoman reading this, I'd be rolling my eyes, because where exactly will they find the time to investigate Nigel and Annabel's logs?" he quipped in the aforementioned publication "All this would be fair enough if we lived in a country with a large, well-funded police force that was on top of things and had time every afternoon to deal with the misdemeanours. "But we do not live in a country like that." Jeremy went on to address the impact this has had on him, bringing up his offspring. The presenter admitted: "I worry about the safety of my daughters much more than I used to, and to make matters worse, I now worry just as much about my burly 6ft son. "I never used to be nervous in London, but I am now." Jeremy added, claiming: "I just know that if someone hits me over the head and steals my watch, or smashes down my front door and steals my car keys, the crime will not be investigated properly and he'll get away with it." He referenced government figures showing that there were 45,000 knife crimes in England and Wales last year (excluding Greater Manchester). DON'T MISSDebbie Harry looks radiant as she ditches signature blonde hairKate Garraway shares rare pic of husband Derek in tribute to carerZoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update Jeremy now lives in the Cotswolds, where he runs Diddly Squat Farm. He resides with his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, who features on his Amazon Prime show Clarkson's Farm. The star shares his three children with ex-wife Frances Cain. The couple were married in 1993, but divorced in 2014. Jeremy was first married to Alex Hall in 1989. The businesswoman previously told the Daily Star on Sunday: "€˜It was a huge mistake leaving Jeremy, the biggest mistake of my life was leaving him." Meanwhile, Jeremy's comments come just days after admitting co-star James May "isn't particularly supportive" of his farm move. He explained to Express.co.uk: "I don’t think James is particularly [supportive]. I don’t think he’s watched it, I don’t know."