Prince William's relationship with Prince Harry has plummeted significantly since his departure as a senior royal in 2020. It is not yet known whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend the King's coronation, which will take place on May 6, but a royal insider has claimed that Prince Harry "wouldn't be on the list" if it was William's Coronation as the Prince of Wales has "no intention of picking up the phone" to make contact with his younger brother. The friend told The Daily Beast that, despite William's peronal concerns, he will "of course" abide by his father, King Charles III's decision surrounding his brother's presence. They said: "The relationship is now non-existent. They haven't spoken since the book came out, and William has no intention of picking up the phone any time soon." The insider added that the situation between the brothers is so dire that Prince William, who is the heir to the throne, would not extend an invitation to his brother if it were his Coronation. "If it was William's Coronation, Harry wouldn't be on the list," they said. "It's no secret that, personally, he would much rather Harry wasn't there after everything he has said and done." READ MORE: Harry frustrated 'no apology to Meghan has been made' as Duke eager to reunite with family William is said to fear that Harry may stage a "stunt" which could over the celebrations surrounding their father's big day. After being asked how the Prince of Wales felt with being portrayed as a "villian" who was obstructing to his father's wishes, the friend said: "William is strong-minded, determined and unafraid to voice his opinion." However, they added that William and the King have "never been closer" and William is "utterly respectful" to the monarchy and the King and will "do what his father wants". READ MORE: King wades into politically sensitive topic with letter signalling shift for Royal Family Speaking last month to GB News, royal author Tom Bower urged William to release a "seasoned and reasonable" statement to put claims, made by Harry, to rest. Mr Bower said that William is "the right man to make it" and that it "should not be an interview", but a "statement in a regal manner". He added that the statement would "draw a line" under all the attacks laid out by Prince Harry, both in his book and accompanying televised interviews. DON'T MISS Mr Bower claimed that the statement could state that Meghan was "warmly welcomed" and that the Royal Family "tried their very very hardest to make her feel at home". This is following latest claims, made by an insider, that Harry is Prince Harry is "frustrated" that his family have, so far, failed to offer an apology to Meghan for the treatment which she received while they still working as senior members of the Royal Family. 