The TikToker who filmed Nicola Bulley's body being pulled from the River Wyre and shared it online has made a donation to her family "out of respect" after facing backlash for the post. Curtis Arnold, 34, who has over 6,000 followers on his YouTube channel almost entirely devoted to coverage and speculation about the search for Ms Bulley, conceded: "Perhaps it was bad timing to put that video online." Mr Arnold was among hordes of ghouls who, despite repeated pleas from police and Ms Bulley's family, turned up at the river in St Michael's on Wyre in Lancashire to try and investigate the disappearance of the mum-of-two. He filmed a series of videos of himself bothering police officers and traipsing through the local area. Curtis said he had made a donation to the family "five times the amount that that particular video has made me".  While he has deleted the video from his TikTok account, it remains on his YouTube channel.  He said on Sunday that "in hindsight, perhaps it was a little bit sensitive, perhaps it was bad timing to put that video online. I perhaps didn't take into account the family at that time, I admit that." While Mr Arnold "won't give figures away" regarding the total amount he donated to the family, he reportedly told The Sun the video was likely to have made him £900 in royalties. He said he made the donation "out of respect", adding: "I'd like to take this opportunity to apologise to the family for any upset caused by the videos". Mr Arnold's channel promises "media done differently", and he states the intention of his social media presence is to help people "get justice". He has been posting videos to his YouTube channel about Ms Bulley and her family since February 6, with early videos including edited versions of an early interview with Nicola's partner Paul Ansell in which Mr Arnold implied Mr Ansell is responsible for her disappearance. READ MORE: Tik Toker that duped police and filmed Nicola Bulley's body unmasked [REVEAL] There is no evidence to suggest Mr Ansell was in any way involved in the disappearance and death of his partner. Both Lancashire Police and members of Nicola's family repeatedly pleaded with those following the case to stop relentless online speculation and not to disturb the scene of her disappearance. At one point police had to issue a 48-hour dispersal order in the local area to remove self-proclaimed detectives invading the privacy of the local town to perform their own investigations and make social media content. Missing persons experts also warned Express.co.uk about the risk to police evidence presented by this invasive behaviour, later adding that such activities were actively hindering the investigation. DON'T MISS: BBC News sparks backlash over 'tawdry' Nicola Bulley coverage [REVEAL]eBay seller tries to cash in on Nicola Bulley death [INSIGHT]Artist unveils huge mural in Nicola Bulley's home town in tribute [ANALYSIS]