Meghan Markle has been slammed for her "manipulative" behaviour as she faces a legal challenge from her half-sister Samantha Markle over alleged defamatory claims made against her. A lawyer for Ms Markle claimed the Duchess of Sussex subjected her to "ridicule, contempt and disgrace" by portraying her as a "disgusting opportunist".  Meghan previously sued the Mail on Sunday for publishing contents of a letter written to her father Thomas Markle, despite previous extracts already being published in People magazine. Her lawyer Michael Kump said of the defamation case brought by her sister: "Calling someone an opportunist is not defamatory. Opinions are not and cannot be defamatory...there's no way to determine if it's true or false". On GB News journalist and author Phil Dampier shared his take on the debacle with host Dan Wootton. He said: "I couldn't stop laughing this morning when I heard what the lawyer [had said]. "He told the judge apparently in Florida that 'not every perceived slight should be litigated'. "I mean talk about pot and kettle, what have they done for the last two years? "Every single time they've had a perceived slight they've gone running to their lawyers. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry ridiculed in latest South Park episode  "And yet as I said last week, they like dishing it out but they don't like taking it, it's absolutely extraordinary." He added: "He went on to say that Meghan's feelings that she grew up as an only child were simply an expression of her subjective feelings to date." Lady Colin Campbell also said to Mr Wootton: "Whether Samantha wins or loses in court Meghan has lost in the court of public opinion. "Everybody now knows Meghan is a vicious liar and a very manipulative nasty human being. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry tipped to make major 'A-List' event debut [LATEST]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT]Prince Harry's 'cruelty' towards King Charles 'knows no bounds' [SPOTLIGHT] "She has no compunction about destroying her loving father and her disabled sister." Peter Ticktin, the lawyer for Samantha Markle, said that the Duchess had caused her sister "great harm" by suggesting she changed her name back to Markle to "cash in" after Meghan started dating Prince Harry. Mr Kump argued that this was not the case, and that Meghan had not defamed her sister by expressing her opinions.