Conor Benn is over the moon after receiving the news that the World Boxing Council (WBC) are set to reinstate him into their rankings after a three-month investigation into his failed drug tests. Benn tested positive for the banned substance clomifene in two pre-fight drug tests ahead of his clash with Chris Eubank Jr last year. But according to the Daily Mail, members of the major sanctioning body informed Benn’s team during a conference call last week that their verdict will be in his favour. Responding to the news, Benn wrote on his Instagram story: “I told you I was all innocent. I won’t forget those who turned on the kid! My heart got painted black! See my supporters soon, I see all the positivity.” However, this is only one of three independent investigations being carried out on Benn’s case. The WBC’s enquiries are solely for the purpose of determining whether the fighter can regain his No 5 spot in their welterweight rankings. Meanwhile, investigations from the UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) and the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) are still ongoing and carry more weight for The Destroyer’s career prospects. In particular, the BBBofC can ban Benn from boxing if they find him guilty. The WBC’s ruling comes after Benn submitted a 270-page document to the body in order to clear his name. Reports from the Mail suggest that Benn’s defence leans on contamination from the boxer’s heavy consumption of eggs and the testing procedure carried out by the Voluntary Anti-Doping Association (VADA). VADA, a renowned third-party testing agency contracted by promoters for certain bouts, found adverse findings in Benn’s samples while the Brit passed tests carried out by UKAD. This is understood to be a point of contention in Benn’s defence. Although Benn’s team assisted with the WBC investigation, they reportedly did not extend the same level of cooperation with UKAD or the Board. BBBofC general secretary Robert Smith claimed last week that he has still not received a copy of the 270-page dossier submitted to the WBC. “Obviously, I can’t say too much because there is a lot of legal things going on. However, the information that we require, we have not received, for whatever reason that Mr. Benn’s legal team have decided, he told Pitch Boxing. “We are waiting, I understand that they have sent the document to the WBC, we have not seen that document. The WBC do not license boxers, they just sanction championship fights, so if that is the way that they want to go, it won’t make any difference to us. We will wait and see what they say, but we will do our own investigation when we get the information that we require. “We all know, quite simply, that he has failed two tests. We have heard it on the media, the reasons why, I haven’t seen the documentation to say why. So let’s just wait to see what comes our way.”