Nicola Bulley's father says "every day is a struggle" in a heartbreaking glimpse into the family's desperate wait for news on the missing mum-of-two. Speaking three weeks to the day since Nicola disappeared while walking her springer spaniel Willow along the River Wyre, Ernie Bulley spoke of the family's earnest need for "some hope".  He told Sky News: "[We're] no further on from three weeks ago. [We] just need a breakthrough to give us some hope." While Ernie, 73, had previously spoken to the press alongside Nicola's sister and her mother, his emotional words come as part of his first solo interview since his daughter vanished. His comments come as Lancashire Police come under the spotlight for revealing intimate personal details about Ms Bulley, with even the Home Secretary stepping in to demand an "explanation" for their decision to do so.  Police said their "main working hypothesis" remains that Ms Bulley fell into the river - but after three weeks of searching, no sign of her has been found. In a press conference on Wednesday, police revealed that Nicola had certain "vulnerabilities" which made her a "high-risk" missing person, and initially said they would not be expanding on what these were. They later clarified that she suffered from "significant issues with alcohol" which were "brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause". The force added these had "resurfaced over recent months", with officers even being sent to Nicola's home on January 10 - 17 days before her disappearance - in response to a report of concern for her welfare. Home Secretary Suella Braverman demanded an "explanation" from police over the decision to reveal such personal details. A source close to Ms Braverman said she was "concerned" by the disclosure of Nicola's "vulnerabilities". READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's friend 'angry' after police shared mum's drink issue [REVEAL] The Home Office said it was receiving regular updates from the force, and reportedly received an explanation on Thursday for "why personal details about Nicola were briefed out at this stage of the investigation". The police are expected to be asked questions about whether the personal details were necessary, according to the information commissioner, John Edwards. Mr Edwards said data protection laws existed "to ensure personal information is used properly and fairly," adding: "Police can disclose information to protect the public and investigate crime, but they would need to be able to demonstrate such disclosure was necessary." A missing persons expert told Express.co.uk that the decision to reveal the information "seems to have been done in response to the huge amount of speculation that is circulating". Charlie Hedges, formerly of the National Crime Agency, added: “Missing person cases always seem to capture the public imagination and hold a fascination that leads to speculation but in this case it has reached extreme levels.” Lancashire's police and crime commissioner Andrew Snowden said officers were being "as transparent as they can be" in the "incredibly sensitive and complex case". DON'T MISS: Nicola's family plea for end to 'appalling' speculation over her life [REVEAL]Fury as more than 500 serial knife offenders escape jail [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley speculation 'out of control’ after police release claims [ANALYSIS] Ernie and Nicola's mum, Dot, 72, earlier criticised police's theory that Nicola had fallen into the river. Mr Bulley told the Mirror: "There was no sign of a slip or falling in so our thought was 'has somebody got her'? I asked the Sergeant from Fleetwood a few days ago, 'is there any chance of her being taken' and she said 'I don't think that's the case'. "I said 'how can you know that?', it's such an isolated area, the only way that has happened is if it was someone who knew her." The pair have left a poignant message to their daughter on the footbridge over the River Wyre. The words, written on a yellow ribbon, read: "We pray every day for you. Love you. Mum and dad xxx". 