Speaking on TalkTV, Brexiteer Richard Tice and British journalist Isabel Oakeshott expressed concern over the unidentified objects spotted in Northern America over the past ten days. This comes as the fourth flying object was shot down in Michigan over Lake Huron, after direct orders from President Joe Biden.   The pair spoke with former Pentagon defence advisor Elbridge Colby who claimed it was likely the four balloons originated from China, rather than outer space. Mr Colby said: “This is a real wakeup call to the American people. “It is very important that British and European audiences understand that China is felt across the political spectrum to be the primary threat to America's interest. “That is going to have implications.” READ MORE: New poll shows Tory fightback as Labour drops five points  This comes as a senior US general, who was overseeing North American airspace, refused to rule out extraterrestrial interference. When asked whether it was possible to rule out an extraterrestrial origin for the three latest flying objects shot down by US aircraft, General Glen VanHerck said: “I'll let the intel community and the counterintelligence community figure that out. “I haven't ruled out anything.” Reacting to the news, reporter Ms Oakeshott said she found it all “honestly quite scary”. Her co-host Leave.EU and Leave Means Leave founder Richard Tice added: “This is amongst the scariest things you can think of.” DON'T MISSNicola Bulley had car keys on her when she disappeared, says friend [UPDATE]Meghan thought Harry's book Spare would 'heighten celebrity status' [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton could be replaced by fellow British F1 ace [REVEAL]  However, following General VanHerck’s comments, a defence official subsequently told Reuters that the military had not seen any evidence that the objects were extraterrestrial. The latest airborne object, described as an “octagonal structure” with strings attached to it, was shot down on Sunday as the third object in just as many days. The Pentagon said the object appeared to have travelled near US military sites and posed a threat to civilian aviation, as well as being a potential tool for surveillance. Three objects have been downed after a large balloon was shot down off the coast of South Carolina on February 4. That object was claimed by China, although Beijing has insisted it was involved in weather research.  