Rishi Sunak's historic deal has broken the deadlock on years of tension in Northern Ireland - and this has gone down well with the powers that be in Washington, White House aide John Kirby says. Joe Biden had warned the US would not agree to trade talks with the UK should Brexit put the Good Friday agreement in jeopardy. But Sunak confirmed on Monday he and EU Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen had agreed new terms for smoother trade and travel from Northern Ireland to the UK. National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said the administration was "grateful that the two sides were able to come up with this Windsor framework...in keeping with the Northern Ireland protocols." Kirby added: "We believe that this will help improve the prosperity of both the EU and the UK, and will open up all kinds of new avenues for trade that were somewhat at risk." President Biden also welcomed the Windsor Framework as an "essential step" to protect the Good Friday Agreement. JUST IN: There are 4 winners from new Brexit deal... and Boris isn't one of them, says DAVID MADDOX Biden, who has often spoken about his Irish origins, repeatedly warned in the past any threat to the peace deal would affect Britain's chances of securing a free trade agreement with the US. Following Sunak's meeting with von der Leyen, he said: "I appreciate the efforts of the leaders and officials on all sides who worked tirelessly to find a way forward that protects Northern Ireland’s place within the UK’s internal market as well as the EU’s single market, to the benefit of all communities in Northern Ireland. “I am confident the people and businesses of Northern Ireland will be able to take full advantage of the economic opportunities created by this stability and certainty, and the United States stands ready to support the region’s vast economic potential.” Biden was among a group of US senators who began to push the US into closer diplomatic involvement in the peace talks in the 1980s. READ MORE: Boris Johnson ‘right to question’ Rishi Sunak’s Brexit strategy – YOU VOTED And during the Clinton administration, he steered the Foreign Relations Committee into putting pressure on the president to commit resources and political capital to broker the Belfast Agreement. Brexit negotiations with Brussels spurred the US into a warning about the consequences Britain would face if the peace deal were to be compromised via the bipartisan Friends of Ireland group in Congress. Caucus member Richard Neal also welcomed the Windsor Framework as a step that potentially paves the way to resolve the post-Brexit dispute he and colleagues have been warning about for years. Neal said: "Today’s agreement is the result of constructive, continued engagement by the EU and the UK in search of joint solutions. DON'T MISS:Labour plots to trigger Tory civil war over Brexit deal with EU [LATEST]Rishi Sunak is making the biggest gamble of his political career [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak vows his new Brexit deal will 'finish the job' for UK [UPDATE] "I appreciate the steadfast commitment and compromise by both sides to find common ground to resolve the trade frictions related to the Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland." The US Chamber of Congress said that the new framework "provides additional clarity for companies operating across Europe – including US firms with significant investment and operations across the UK, Ireland and Northern Ireland." Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a border with an EU member, the Republic of Ireland. When the UK left the bloc in 2020, the two sides agreed to keep the Irish border free of customs posts and other checks because an open border is a key pillar of Northern Ireland’s peace process. Instead, there are checks on some goods entering Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK which angered British unionist politicians in Belfast, who say the new trade border in the Irish Sea undermines Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom. But Sunak said the new rules “removed any sense of a border in the Irish Sea” by eliminating checks and paperwork for the vast majority of goods entering Northern Ireland. Only those destined to travel onward to EU member Ireland will be checked. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews