High street banks and building societies have been constantly reacting to changes in the market to offer the best savings accounts possible for their customers. Moneyfacts.co.uk has shared the top rate deals which are open to savers who are looking for a competitive return. The money comparison website has outlined the top savings products from easy access accounts to five-year fixed rate bonds. Savers are being urged to compare the deals for each savings account to see what would be more ideal for them. As of this week, beginning February 13, 2023, here is a full list of the best savings accounts at £10,000 gross in the UK: READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Recent decisions from the Bank of England have resulted in interest rates rising substantially in recent months. The base rate has been hiked to mitigate the damage being caused by a soaring inflation rate in the UK. Earlier this week, the ONS said Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation had dipped slightly to 10.1 percent in the year to January 2023. While this is a slight fall from the 10.5 percent rate in December and third consecutive monthly drop, inflation remains extremely high. Even with the central bank’s interventions, the number of savings deals able to outpace inflation has not changed since last month. Currently, there is not one standard savings account from a UK bank or building society that can beat the current inflation rate. Similarly, in February 2022, there were no deals that could outpace the previous month’s rate of 5.5 percent. However, 100 savings products in February 2021 were able to offer better returns due to January’s CPI inflation rate being 0.7 percent. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Rachel Springall, Finance Expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, explained: “Savers will need to act quickly to take advantage of the latest deals as some of the top savings’ rates have tumbled over the past month. “The shorter-term fixed rate bond market has been impacted by various rate movements among challenger banks which sit highly within the top rate tables, showing yet another month in which these institutions are jostling for positions. “Those savers who want to tie up their money in a fixed rate bond today for a year will be able to earn around four percent based on the top rate deals, which is around three times the return that they could have earned a year ago. “As we reported a month ago, the top returns on many fixed rate bonds are coming down, but it’s still worthwhile for savers to compare deals now and secure a top rate to avoid disappointment." The savings expert shared her predictions for rates going forward and what bank customers should take into account in 2023. Ms Springinall added: “It's expected that variable interest rates will continue to improve due to competition and the consecutive base rate rises fuelling the market. “Savers who have not checked their existing rate would be wise to do so, as not every provider has passed on each single base rate rise. “As the Bank of England base rate stands at four percent it is vital consumers take time to compare the latest deals on the market and sign up to rate alerts for any table-topping rates.”