A good kitchen can add thousands to the value of your home, which is important when thinking of any renovation idea. With whole new kitchens also costing thousands, there are other ways Britons can incorporate class into their spaces. According to interior designer and kitchen design expert, Melissa Klink, Creative Director of Harvey Jones, there are five design features homeowners should consider incorporating into their kitchens. The expert told Express.co.uk: “A booth is a fantastic addition to any kitchen, whether it’s large, small, modern or classic. “For family kitchens, in particular, the room needs to function for everyone and meet all your requirements. Booths don’t have to span the length of one full wall either and can be incorporated into small areas too. “If your kitchen is oddly shaped with spaces that are hard to fill, this might be the perfect idea.” They can also be tailored to your style, whether your kitchen is wooden or marble. If you’re confident with DIY skills, they could also be made from scratch. READ MORE: Seven ‘inexpensive’ DIY jobs to add value to your home The kitchen design expert said: “One element we love to bring into modern homes is salvaged materials, popular for industrial styles. “From vintage furniture and reclaimed wood to durable metal cabinets and concrete flooring, these will add a unique touch to your kitchen.” Consider looking in local charity shops or online to find second-hand costs for a fraction of the recommended retail price. Britons could even look around their own kitchen to see if they could incorporate an item in another area of the space to make it function better. DON'T MISS:Watering sensitive orchids ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ in spring [COMMENT]Four ‘common’ energy saving tips to avoid - ‘don’t actually work’ [INSIGHT]‘Toxic’ and ‘harmful’ spring plants to avoid cats and dogs eating [EXPLAINER] Melissa continued: “Another popular aspect finding itself in contemporary kitchens is polished copper, which adds a depth of warmth and takes centre stage. “The material is versatile in that it can be perfectly polished or a little beaten and worn, and will look stylish and streamlined.” Copper can be incorporated into the kitchen in various different ways including a sink, a tap or even handles on cupboards. The expert recommended selecting artwork which includes the same shades as your kitchen colour scheme to add into the space to help complement the shade of it. READ MORE: ‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This will not only help to make a space more homely and cosy, it can help to add texture to a room. The pro also suggested picking pieces which reflect the room, such as images of fruit and veg or even recipe cards. The interior designer noted: “Another great way of ensuring your kitchen is unique is to invest in a handcrafted kitchen that can be customised to suit your preferences and needs. “While this option will likely mean a large-scale kitchen remodel that can be costly and disruptive to your home, the outcome is worth it, boasting style, uniqueness and expert craftsmanship. “Wow factors are often felt in material choices. Worktops and splashbacks are a great way to create a big impact. “This can be in a textured material or full of personality with a lot of veining, the worktop is a very tactile item and impossible to ignore. “Handles are often a last minute selection but can define the entire style of a kitchen. They really are the jewellery to the space and add layers of character to the design.” Other ways to improve the kitchen include spray painting the kitchen cabinets if you’re on a budget as well as updating the decor and organising the space.