A woman has been jailed after pleading guilty to violent disorder committed during a riot in Bristol in March 2021. Indigo Bond, of Fishponds, was jailed at Bristol Crown Court for 20 months today on February 24. Footage from officers' body worn cameras, CCTV and mobile phone footage showed the 21-year-old attacking officers, kicking them, and using abusive language.  Evidence was also found indicating Bond threw wood at police during the altercation. She had been consuming alcohol on College Green in the hours leading up to the riot. His Honour Judge Martin Picton said Bond had been at the forefront and continued to be aggressive throughout the incident. Bond is the 31st person to be sentenced following the riot on Sunday, 21 March 2021.  Together, they have been sentenced to a total of 96 years and four months. Detective Superintendent James Riccio said: "The compelling visual evidence gathered against her was collated in a painstaking review of thousands of hours of video footage and has led to today’s sentencing. "More than 30 people have now been sentenced following the riot almost two years ago and we continue to work with the Crown Prosecution Service ahead of more people appearing in court in the weeks and months ahead." The initially peaceful protest was against the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts bill, proposing to give extended power to police to shut down demonstrations. READ MORE: Primary school bursar stole £490k to fund lavish holidays  But as the day wore on there were clashes between police and protesters outside Bridewell Police Station. People were injured in the incident, including 44 police officers, and at least £212,000 worth of damage was caused to police property, with some being set on fire. By November last year, 23 people had been jailed for offences committed during the riot for a combined total of 81 years and three months. Another three people appeared before Bristol Crown Court, a month shy of the incident's two-year anniversary. DON'T MISS:William to follow Diana's example by taking his children to shelters [INSIGHT]Meghan and Kate pitted against each other in latest South Park [COMMENT]Sir Bernard Ingham dies after short illness [PICTURES]  Dominic Gillett, 26, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to riot last week. Joseph Paxton, 30, of Picton Street in Montpelier and Charlie Milton, 32, of no fixed address, both pleaded guilty to violent disorder. Judge James Patrick jailed Gillett for four years and eight months. He jailed Paxton for 27 months and Milton for 26 months. He told them: "Victim personal statements tell harrowing tales of real fear. Each of you were involved in that disorder, each of you played a different role, each of you played a part." Alec Small, prosecuting Gillett and Milton, told the court Gillett stood on top of a police van, kicked out under police shields and rammed the police station window with a bicycle. Mr Small said Gillett also attacked a police van with a shovel and rocked it. He then picked up a wheelie bin and threw it at a lone police officer, he added. 