Analysts at interactive investor are sharing that increasing the state pension age could push workers hoping to retire at 57 to save a lot of money in order to bridge the gap until they can access their private pension. However, the amount in savings required for a comfortable retirement may be too expensive as an additional £38,000 is needed to bridge the gap. According to interactive investor, employees who want to retire at the age of 57 may require an extra £38,000 in savings until they access their private pension pot at 58. This timeline is to make sure they have a comfortable retirement if the state pension age is hiked sooner than billed. Under existing plans, the state pension age will increase from 66 to 67 by 2028, and then jump further to 68 between 2044 and 2046. Recent reports suggest that the Government is bringing forward this change and raising the state pension age to 68 by 2034. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The Government’s perspective is that the normal minimum pension age for private pensions should be ten years below the state pension age. From 2028, plans are in place to increase the normal minimum pension age aligned with the state pension and keep it 10 years earlier. Despite this, the state pension and minimum pension ages will not automatically be raised at the same time. This means that changing the private pension minimum age to 58 from 2034 only gives people eleven years to adjust their plans or invest on the basis of the new rules. According to the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association’s (PLSA) retirement living standards estimate that a single person needs around £12,800 to achieve the minimum level of living standard. In comparison, pensioners need at least £23,300 per year for a moderate retirement based on this metric. Taking PLSA’s standard into account, older Britons will need around £37,300 for a comfortable retirement. Myron Jobson, the senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, shared his concerns over the financial pressures many pensioners will find themselves under. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing He explained: “Unlike the state pension age, there isn’t a universal answer to the question of what constitutes the normal minimum retirement age. “The working lives in some professions can be short and pushing back the private pension age sooner than expected means that many savers will need to act now to account for the lost year of private pension access. “By our calculations, this amounts to over £13,000 for a no-frills standard of living at retirement. “Many savers will be forced to rethink how their assets are spread between their pensions, ISAs and other savings.” The finance expert noted that mortgage holders will need to set up particular arrangements if they are to achieve a comfortable retirement in their later years. Mr Jobson added: “Homeowners with an interest-only mortgage deal that matures before they can access their private pension would need to ensure they have enough cash to pay off the original amount borrowed from their lender and to make up for the lost year of private pension access. “There is no escaping the fact that Britons will have to do most of the heavy lifting to ensure a healthy income at retirement. “But planning for retirement is difficult when the pension regime is up in the air. Savers have grown tired of tearing up finely tuned retirement plans in response to changes to the pensions regime.”