Wendi Peters, who played Cilla Battersby-Brown for three years, exited the Coronation Street in 2007, leaving her 13-year-old son Chesney (played by Sam Aston) to fend for himself. However, she made a brief comeback in 2014 to attempt to ‘reconnect’ with her family. Now the actor has hinted the potty-mouthed ‘mam’ could be called upon to attend her son and father-of-five Chesney’s wedding as he ties the knot to his fiancee Gemma (Dolly-Rose Campbell). "I heard Chesney's getting married, but I don't think anybody's told his mother," Peters quipped. When Cilla first arrived on screen and subsequently landed her "meal ticket" at No.5 Les Battersby’s door, she had a turbulent relationship with son Chesney and often abandoned him, posing the question as to whether he’d even want her to be present on his big day. Peters, who is now appearing in BBC daytime drama Doctors, hinted any reprisal for the nuptials would be drama-fueled. READ MORE: Happy Valley star confirms why Poppy Hepworth always wears her coat Peters imagines Cilla could clash with big personalities Maureen Lipman's Evelyn Plummer and Jane Hazlegrove's Bernie Winter. "I can imagine them having some great comedy scenes round the wedding buffet, but who knows?” she added to Digital Spy. Soap fans of course now there's no wedding without drama so Cilla's arrival could be just what's need to create some chaos for lovable Chesney Of course during her time on the street, there was no love lost between the raucous red head and many of her neighbours on the street as she repeatedly antagonised them with her string of scams. But it was her neglectful behaviour of Chesney and his sister Fiz (Jennie McAlpine) who was taken into foster care by Roy Cropper (David Nielsen) and his late wife Hayley, which really riled up viewers. Fans of the Wetherfield drama also didn’t take to Cilla with many once voting her the most hated person in soap beating even Albert Square rapist Trevor Morgan and Corrie serial killer Richard Hillman. She was once branded "pure evil" for threatening Chesney, then nine, to "keep his mouth shut" about her affair with Uncle Ronnie otherwise she’d have him taken into care Cruel Cilla's other antics include abandoning his daughter Fiz and racking up her credit card to run up a £250 debt. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon announces birth of first child [LATEST]Coronation Street's Dev and Bernie relationship at risk [SPOILER]Coronation Street's Abi Franklin reunion with face from the past [EXCLUSIVE] In her debut storyline, Cilla falsely took Rita Sullivan to court for bashing her son but her story failed to stack up and the case was thrown out leaving the mum-of-two to be labelled a "liar" among her new neighbours. But in real-life Peters admits her portrayal and in particular her cruel behaviour towards Chesney played on her mind. She said at the time: "I feel so guilty when I'm horrible to Chesney. In one scene I hit him and afterwards he said, 'That hurt me'. I felt terrible In stark contrast to Cilla, Peter’s latest role may prove to be more likeable, appearing as Dr Nina. Speaking of the roles she explained: "Cilla made a big impact and I'm glad she gets a mention now and again, but I'm happy where I am.” And she’s found Dr Nina’s conservative wardrobe styles a refreshing change in contrast to Cilla’s outlandish outfits. "Nina's wardrobe is so much nicer than Cilla's – those fishnets, short skirts, that coconut bikini – I looked a sight, but she was meant to", she confessed. Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV1 and streams on ITVX.