Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary invited Gyles Brandreth and Ateh Jewel into the This Morning studio to chat about the latest news headlines. However, things took an unexpected turn when the panel discussed whether neighbourhood police were like those in the BBC drama Happy Valley. "I am a little bit disappointed as a black woman that I've never been stopped and searched," Alison said turning to Dermot. Dermot simply looked away from his co-host as Ateh awkwardly laughed at the remark. She continued: "I am absolutely devastated by it. Gutted." Picking up on the awkward silence, Gyles chipped in: "You're asking for trouble now." READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Alison burst out laughing as she added: "It's never happened and I am 40." "The whole of the West Midlands Police are convening right now," Dermot chimed in. "I have never been stopped," Alison repeated as Gyles joked: "We won't be seeing you this time next week. You'll be in the nick." However, Alison's comment angered some viewers, and many took to social media to share their frustrations. Hannah noted: "Alison has absolutely no brain-to-mouth filter. #ThisMorning." "Please never joke about stop and search the way you did on @thismorning! This subject should not to be trivialised. "It’s a serious thing, especially for black men, your son WILL experience this! Whilst you don’t represent “Black People”, more is expected from you," @CamdenDadsGroup shared. Fi commented: "Ateh is a far more competent and articulate speaker than Alison with that grating laugh of hers! Glad I'm back to work next week..." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD fans fear Burgess’ exit after nail-biting promo [REACTION]22 Kids and Counting fans fume at Radford family's 'tone deaf' remark [VIDEO]Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [INSIGHT] "Yeah I engaged off button, she is too much," Hazel replied. While Selina fumed: "Still stuck on Alison saying she's jealous that she's never been stopped and searched. I mean has she seen the videos of what can happen to people who are?? #ThisMorning." "Poor Presenting, trying to be funny...," Twitter user @MikeJohnson2174 complained. User @Jamil_Qureshi raged: "@AlisonHammond saying that she's disappointed as a black woman to have never been stopped and searched by the police, is one of the most offensive things I've heard in a long time. #ThisMorning #Police." Kev S tweeted: "@thismorning @AlisonHammond- did Alison Hammond seriously just say, she is sad that she has never been stopped and searched by Police because she is a black woman ?? Very insensitive comment!" Selina went on to agree: "Fully agree - never complained to Ofcom before, did today." However, some viewers seemed to dismiss Alison's comment as they were thrilled to see her on the show. "I really respect Alison as she is rightfully a beautiful and proud person of colour-& she is fair and non-judgmental to everyone #ThisMorning," @TellyVsPodcasts praised. (sic) This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.