Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has been urged to axe Graham Potter and bring back Jose Mourinho by Richard Keys for a sensational third spell at Stamford Bridge amid the club's ongoing struggles in the Premier League. Potter finds himself under intense pressure following their latest defeat after succumbing to a dismal 1-0 home defeat to Southampton, with fans booing the players off at the final whistle. It is understood Boehly and the board are standing behind the 47-year-old, who was appointed in September to replace Thomas Tuchel after the German fell out with the new owners. But the supporters have called for Potter to be sacked just five months into his reign after overseeing a run of two wins from 14 games in the Premier League. In discussing the fallout at Stamford Bridge, pundit Andy Gray argued that the ex-Brighton coach deserved to lose his job and would have done under the previous regime with Roman Abramovich. "If Abramovich were there, he'd be out of a job by now. Absolutely no doubt in my mind that he would not have survived it... he wouldn't have got the job" Gray said on beIN Sports. "Any team with two wins in 14 in the league, sitting 10th, [the manager] wouldn't be working next week." READ MORE: Chelsea boss Potter urged to copy Mourinho after worrying comments When it was claimed that Chelsea could have any manager in the world with the money they have at their disposal, presenter Keys suggested Mourinho's relationship with the fanbase would make him preferable over Zinedine Zidane, who was mentioned by studio guest Jason McAteer as a potential candidate. "Jose Mourinho is a former Chelsea manager who is enormously popular with the crowd, he's the most successful individual the club have ever employed," Keys replied. "He's a populist, Boehly, he wants to give them something to get excited about. "The experiment with Potter has failed miserably, so that's got to change. [If I'm Boehly], what do I need to do now? I need the get-out-of-jail-free card: Mourinho." He later added: "I just think he is the most popular appointment Boehly could make right now to buy him time in his project, if you like." DON'T MISSChelsea board 'clear' view on Potter sacking after Southampton lossGraham Potter causing second problem for Chelsea in Joao Felix talksChelsea fans call for Graham Potter's head as sack threat grows  However, the argument that Mourinho would be a "safe bet" may not hold water with some Chelsea fans. After all, it was Mourinho who was in charge the last time the club found themselves in such a dire situation - back in December 2015, Chelsea were 16th in the Premier League and a point above the relegation zone when the Portuguese was sacked. While the situation is yet to plummet to such depths under Potter, the Blues are some 10 points off the top four and have scored only 23 goals in the Premier League this season. They also face the ignominy of ending another season without a trophy after losing 1-0 to Borussia Dortmund in midweek, leaving their Champions League hopes in the balance ahead of the return fixture. Keys' claim that Mourinho would be welcomed back to the club may be open to debate too, given the frosty nature of his relationship with the club and its supporters. The Portuguese has been in the dugout at Manchester United and Tottenham since leaving Stamford Bridge for the second time and aimed several jibes at the fans for lacking respect, referencing his past success and three title wins. Now in charge of Serie A outfit AS Roma, it is understood Mourinho is considering his future with the Italian team. But it remains to be seen whether a return to west London is on the cards, even if he wants it, with Zidane and other bosses such as Luis Enrique and Mauricio Pochettino more likely to be on the list if Potter does depart.