The Queen Consort has pulled out of yet another engagement, nine days after it was announced she had coronavirus. Her Majesty was meant to join King Charles in London this morning for a visit to the Felix Project. Buckingham Palace said Camilla has made an "excellent recovery" from COVID-19, and she did not join her husband because she was taking time off to prepare for a key commitment scheduled to take place on February 23. A Palace spokesperson said: "Her Majesty has made an excellent recovery from last week's illness. "However, to allow for additional preparation ahead of Thursday's rescheduled literary reception and other commitments, Her Majesty will not be attending today's Felix Project engagement. His Majesty's diary remains unaffected."  On Thursday, Her Majesty will host a reception at Clarence House for authors, members of the literary community and representatives of literacy charities to celebrate the second anniversary of her online book club, the Reading Room. During the event, to be attended also by Charles, Camilla will address guests on her hopes for the future of the project, which she launched in early 2021 as part of her commitment to improving literacy in the UK among children and adults alike. Born as an Instagram page in which the then Duchess of Cornwall advised four books to read every season and hosted authors for Q&A, the Reading Room is now also a website that includes exclusive interviews with authors and experts.  This reception was meant to take place last Wednesday but was one of those postponed after the royal contracted coronavirus. Speaking about her diagnosis on February 13, Buckingham Palace said: "After suffering the symptoms of a cold, Her Majesty the Queen Consort has tested positive for the Covid virus. "With regret, she has therefore cancelled all her public engagements for this week and sends her sincere apologies to those who had been due to attend them." Earlier that same day, the Palace had said Camilla was experiencing a "seasonal illness" and would consequently pull out of a series of engagements planned for Valentine's Day in the West Midlands. She was also forced to skip, on February 15, a visit to Milton Keynes to mark its new city status. Charles headed there alone, and was met by well-wishers as well as a small group of anti-monarchy protestors. READ MORE: Sussexes could copy Trump with response to Samantha Markle lawsuit Camilla's absence today meant King Charles stepped out alone this morning to see how the Felix Project is doing. This organisation, founded in 2016 by Justin and Jane Byam Shaw, is the largest food redistribution charity in London and aims at tackling both food waste and food poverty. To this end, the organisation rescues high-quality surplus food from a wide range of sources - including farms, food manufacturers and supermarkets. It then redistributes the food to some 1,000 community groups and schools across the UK's capital city, supplying pantries, homeless shelters, domestic abuse refuges, schools and foodbanks. This summer, in their seventh year of activity, the organisation will distribute their 100 millionth meal. During the engagement, the monarch also visited Felix's Kitchen, part of the Project, which uses surplus food to create 3,500-5,000 meals every day later distributed to organisations supporting people in need. The King is close to the Felix's Project and was among those who made a substantial donation to a £1million starter fund aimed to buy more fridges and freezers to be sent to organisations the charity collaborates with to extend the life of the food they receive. The Prince of Wales Charitable Fund also donated to the fund, which has already been used to buy and distribute more than 600 fridges across the UK and prepare 200 appliances further for delivery.