Today would have been Lisa Marie Presley’s 55th birthday, but tragically her life was cut short on January 12 after suffering a cardiac arrest. During her last week, Elvis Presley’s only child travelled to Graceland and made a speech on the mansion’s front lawn marking what would have been her father’s 88th birthday. She then travelled home to Los Angeles to celebrate with her eldest daughter Riley Keough, Elvis movie director Baz Luhrmann and Elvis star Austin Butler. This was the night before she witnessed the latter win the Golden Globe for playing her daddy. Lisa Marie Presley was born on February 1, 1968, nine months to the day after her parents’ wedding in Las Vegas and was just 9 when her father died in 1977 at 42. She’s now buried in Graceland’s Meditation Garden near Elvis and next to her son Benjamin Keough, who died in 2020 at just 27. Her mother Priscilla Presley wrote on Instagram in a post full of photos of herself with her daughter: “Today would have been Lisa's 55th birthday. My wish is to protect my three grandchildren and keep our family together. From the first moment I held Lisa in my arms, I've protected, loved and guided her, as I have my son. Our hearts are broken, and I am having to learn to live without my only daughter. We truly love all of you, and we feel your prayers. Thank you so much for caring so deeply for our family.” Graceland posted a picture of Lisa with Elvis in tribute and wrote: “Happy Birthday, Lisa Marie Presley. Today, we are remembering and celebrating your life.” Priscilla previously tweeted after Lisa Marie’s funeral: “Thank you all for your condolences, you have touched me with your words. It has been a very difficult time but just knowing your love is out there makes a difference… To YOU, I’m truly overwhelmed with your words, your prayers, your love and your support. Thank you from the bottom of my heart in trying to help me get through this loss. Every parent who has lost a daughter or son knows what a dark painstaking journey it is.” READ MORE: Elvis' cousin answers fan questions on growing up with Lisa Marie Lisa Marie leaves behind three daughters. Riley Keough, 33, she had with her first husband Danny. After divorcing him, Elvis’ daughter married and divorced Michael Jackson and then Nicolas Cage. She then wed Michael Lockwood and had twins Harper and Finley, 14, with him before divorcing in 2021. And before she died, Lisa Marie became a grandmother after Riley gave birth to a daughter.