A serial-killer-obsessed mum has been jailed for 23 years after stabbing her on-off boyfriend to death. Shaye Groves murdered father-of-two Frankie Fitzgerald in his sleep at her home in Havant, Hampshire. Sentencing Groves, the judge said she showed little remorse for the "senseless" murder up until last week at the conclusion of the trial. He added that Frankie was in "the prime of his young life" when he was killed. The court heard that Groves had "acquired" a habit of carrying a flick knife in her boot when she went outdoors and had a collection of knives and Viking axes in her bedroom, including a dagger under her pillow which she claimed was there "for her own protection". Mr Justice Kerr, sentencing, said Groves lost her temper and "acted on impulse" on the night of the murder, calling it a "crime of passion".  He added that Groves has "blighted" the lives of Frankie's family and loved ones for "decades to come". Addressing the defendant, who sat in the dock expressionless, Mr Kerr added: "This was a crime of passion, you loved the man you killed and killed the man you love. "You are not a cold-blooded murderer, a crime of passion is not committed in cold blood." READ MORE: Shamima Begum will not be able to return to UK, court rules The court heard that the attack was fueled by "jealously" after Groves found out Frankie was messaging who was thought to be a 13-year-old girl. The judge said: "The better part of you did not want Frankie hurt, you loved him and wanted him to love you back on the other hand you were possessive and jealous." It was revealed that Groves was obsessed with true crime, having framed photos of serial killers including Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Dahmer in her home. Other framed photos included Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe, Moors Murderer Myra Hindley, and serial killer Rose West. Following the guilty verdict, Frankie's family said he could "never be replaced". In a statement they said: " As a parent you never expect to outlive your children, you will do anything in your power to protect them. "He was a kind and beautiful person and sadly leaves two children behind that will never get to know their daddy. We thank the jury for their verdict today. To our Frankie, we love and miss you more than anything in this world. Your shining light will always be our hearts."  Groves had originally claimed she killed her partner in self-defence and grabbed the dagger by mistake thinking it was a money box. The court heard that a camera was set up in the defendant's room and she edited videos of the pair having sex to make it appear as though he raped her in a bid to portray herself as a victim of sexual violence. However, the prosecution said the original footage showed that the sex was consensual. 