Frankie Bridge, 34, took to Instagram yesterday to share a selfie that might have left many of her 1.5 million followers squirming. The Loose Women panellist uploaded a topless picture featuring her very bruised back following a session of cupping therapy. Cupping therapy creates localised suction on the skin with the application of heated cups in a bid to ease pain by decompressing muscles and connective tissue. The method can leave the treated areas with marks, which are discolourations due to broken blood vessels just beneath the skin. In the picture, taken by Frankie as a selfie, the TV star could be seen posing in front of a bathtub in the bathroom. Frankie has been outspoken about her health and has previously tearfully opened up about the therapy she is receiving for her troubled relationship with food. READ MORE: CBeebies star Sarah-Jane Honeywell, 49, strips for topless photo Last year, Frankie bravely admitted that beneath her glamorous exterior, she had secretly battled an eating disorder and now needs to "retrain" her brain against the belief that carbs are "the devil". She candidly revealed that she always felt proud of herself every time she went to bed hungry, but that her need to control her calorie intake has left her feeling exhausted and more like 100 years old than 33. The Saturdays singer was close to tears as she spoke out about her therapy sessions, and she blasted the resurfacing trend of "heroin chic" that she believes is causing disordered eating among others too. "[Restricting my eating] has been a dirty little secret for so many years and my way of finding a form of control," she admitted via Instagram. "I don't think I was ready to give that up yet... [so] every time [a] therapy session [was] coming up, I would think of ways to try and cancel it, which is ridiculous. "There's such a sense of shame around food - especially talking about it. It didn't sit right with me," Frankie told her followers. She admitted that she felt "shame" and "embarrassment" over her therapist's request that she keep a food diary documenting what she eats. "Last time she asked me to do a food diary was when I kind of bowed out and never booked another session in! DON'T MISS...John Torode enjoys working with wife Lisa as she's 'quite attractive' [LATEST]Bob Mortimer shares agony over painful autoimmune disease flare up [HEALTH]Ashley Roberts captivates in red dress as she dares to go braless [PICTURES] "I've had therapy for years about depression, anxiety, talking about really personal things, but for some reason, talking about food and weight seems so much harder for me," she continued. The Sunday Times bestseller added that she was "constantly" plotting ways to restrict her intake, and had categorised food into good and bad groups, believing that carbs were akin to the devil. "Is there any wonder heroin chic is back? Everyone's gotta be skinny again," she lamented, referring to the 1990s trend in the fashion world. "When I was younger, if someone asked me if I was unwell because I was so skinny, it felt like I'd won - and if I go to bed and I feel hungry, I feel proud of myself," she shared. "It's just from that 90s mentality that is inbred into me and it's going to be so hard to kind of get that out of me and retrain." However, she confessed that the food diary - which she has finally attempted to start doing - has helped her refocus her thoughts. "When I see it written down, I'm like, of course I'm eating like an absolute idiot!" she explained. If you're worried about your health or the health of somebody else, you can contact SEED eating disorder support service on 01482 718130 or on their website. https://seedeatingdisorders.org.uk/