Shamima Begum, who left Britain as a teenager to join ISIS in February 2015, has lost an appeal against the decision to remove her British citizenship. Good Morning Britain presenter, Adil Ray, took to Twitter today in defence of the now 23-year-old. Ms Begum was 15 when she and two other east London schoolgirls travelled to Syria to join ISIS in February 2015. Her British citizenship was revoked on national security grounds by then-home secretary Sajid Javid shortly after she was found, nine months pregnant, in a Syrian refugee camp in February 2019. Writing in view of his 142,000 followers, Adil wrote: "If your 15 year old daughter joined a local gang that terrorised the neighbourhood but now wanted to leave the gang and needed help to do so, what would you expect to happen? #shamimabegum." His comments sparked a divide as some social media users claimed the ITV host compared ISIS - a terrorist group - to a "local gang". READ MORE: Alex Jones' young son in hospital as star shares 'horrible' situation Commentator Dan Hodges responded: “'A local gang'. Isis. A local gang…" Twitter user, Sue Mountain, tweeted: "It is in no way the same." Adil replied: "Both require responsibility and justice." Ali wrote: "If I was a media personality, I would probably highlight the plight of the actual victims of the 'local gang' first."  The GMB host quizzed: "Is it possible to do both?" Diana commented: "While I agree with your sentiment there is a vast difference between a neighbourhood gang and a death cult that commits acts of war." Adil responded: "How did we find peace in Ireland?" Iain wrote: "It wasn’t a gang she joined, it was a terrorist army committing slaughters against people. You’ve probably heard the interviews she showed no remorse even said the children in Manchester bombing deserved it as an act of vengeance against her gang as you put it." DON'T MISS... James Jordan 's***s himself' as he’s pulled over by police[LATEST]Strictly's Janette Manrara in 'bittersweet' move after baby news[ADMISSION]Lorraine Kelly is sent home minutes before going on air[TV] To which Adil remarked: "She should be tried in court." Others defended the GMB host's sentiment, as Hanif commented: "That's a good example! However, it seems not many people look at this case in that way. "A white 15yr old can be a victim of a grooming gang, but a Muslim 15yr old needs to face the consequences for being groomed. Sheer bloody hypocrisy."(sic) The Daily Politik wrote: "I would expect her to be helped out of it and into a normal life, supported by her family." Maggie added: "I’d expect her to be helped and supported. Any civilised society would surely?" Ms Begum has been locked in a legal battle with the Government, recently challenging the Home Office at the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC) over the decision. She denies any involvement in the group's terror activities, claiming she was a victim of child trafficking. The Home Office said they are "pleased" the court has ruled against Ms Begum. In a statement, a spokeswoman said: "We are pleased that the court has found in favour of the Government's position in this case. "The Government's priority remains maintaining the safety and security of the UK and we will robustly defend any decision made in doing so."