Manchester United fans are still livid at the decision to show Casemiro a red card during their win over Crystal Palace on Saturday. Replay footage shows Red Devils midfielder Fred and Palace star Jordan Ayew in a similar altercation that went unpunished by match officials. Casemiro has been a revelation since signing for United in a £70million summer deal. The former Real Madrid veteran brings bags of experience, which has helped to inspire a turnaround in fortunes under Erik ten Hag. The prospect of losing him to a three-match ban therefore hit hard for United fans, with the Brazilian involved in a huge skirmish during the 2-1 win over Palace. Players from both sides rushed onto the scene when Jeffrey Schlupp bundled Antony into an advertising board, with the referee told to go and review the incident by VAR. Casemiro was eventually dismissed for putting both of his hands around Will Hughes' throat, although United supporters were left perplexed at another incident in the same altercation going without punishment. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win Amid pushing, shoving and flailing arms, a closer inspection showed Palace's Ayew with his right hand on Fred's throat. Red Devils fans protested on social media over the 'choking' incident, with Casemiro set to miss an upcoming double-header against Leeds and a home clash with Leicester. "Casemiro’s red needs to be appealed," wrote @RuBiXZ_Gaming on Twitter. "The angles and slow motions made it look a lot worse. Ayew was also being like that towards Fred with NO punishment." DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner  Meanwhile, @UTDEriksen added: "Casemiro red card was the only bad result for us this weekend. Hopefully they overturn it as Ayew did the same to Fred but didn’t get mentioned!" Ten Hag himself took issue with a lack of consistency in the decision. "The player from Crystal Palace takes a big risk by this foul - that he get badly injured - by pushing him over the line," explained the Dutchman. "Everyone is reacting, Crystal Palace players and Man United players, and not only Casemiro. There was one of the players, he did even worse than Casemiro. You have to be consistent."  The win over Palace, courtesy of goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford, saw United leapfrog Newcastle up to third in the Premier League table. Ten Hag's Red Devils are now only three points behind Manchester City, having played the same number of games. Casemiro's absence would be a tough one to stomach, however, with the Brazilian drastically affecting United's win percentage depending on whether or not he is in the side. With Christian Eriksen out injured, January signing Marcel Sabitzer could be set for an important role over the coming matches.