James Norton has been blowing up TV screens around the country while portraying Tommy Lee Royce in the BBC drama Happy Valley. But when he hasn't been getting away with murder, he's been at the forefront of the James Bond conversation. The British heartthrob is currently one of the favourites in the Bond odds - and he has previously opened up about bringing some much-needed nuance to the role. Norton spoke candidly about his Bond chances back in 2021 as Daniel Craig was about to step down from the series. His exit followed his fifth and final performance as Bond, James Bond, in No Time To Die. When quizzed about what he would bring to the role, the 37-year-old explained he would consider bringing a piece of his real life into the superspy's character. "I’m a type one diabetic," he explained. "How cool would it be to have a diabetic Bond?" This idea wasn't just for him to inject himself into the role, however. He noted how giving Bond a new aspect would be a way of inspiring children around the world who are just like him. Norton added: "It would be wonderful for all those diabetic kids out there to think even a type one diabetic could be Bond!" He went on to say: "Other than that, I’d leave it to Daniel and the writers to carry on the legacy." Norton also waxed lyrical about Craig's 15-year tenure as the man of mystery. "I think Daniel Craig’s done an amazing job re-defining it for a modern era," he confessed. "And it’s this human role in a really wonderful way." He also felt it was "great" that the role has "changed and shifted" along with society. DON'T MISS...Bond fans can snap up 'the most extensive collection' of 007 souvenirs [NEWS]Next Bond odds – Aaron Taylor-Johnson's lead threatened in 007 race [LATEST ODD]Next James Bond hopefuls Tom Hardy and Henry Cavill overtaken [INFO] Norton had certainly done his homework, as well, as he referenced Bond bosses' last-minute hiring of writer Phoebe Waller-Bridge during No Time To Die's production. "Bringing on people like Phoebe Waller-Bridge as an adviser on the last film was very, very savvy," he concluded. "and I’m really excited to see what she brings to it." At the time of writing, the Bond odds have Norton placed towards the top of the pyramid. He is currently second in the running from Ladbrokes, with a staggering 3/1. He is only being beaten at the moment by the UK's favourite Henry Cavill, who has a stunning 5/2. Ladbrokes' Jessica O'Reilly said: "After evading police in Happy Valley fans of James Norton would love to see him tackle 007 following Daniel Craig's departure." Considering the final episode of Happy Valley will hit TV screens this Sunday at 9pm, Norton will be out of work very soon. He doesn't have loads on his slate in the coming years, so Bond bosses Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson could certainly be looking his way soon. However, he'll have to beat not only Cavill, but some other heavyweights, as well; including Aaron Taylor Johnson (3/1) and Regé-Jean Page (10/1). Happy Valley's final episode hits BBC One on Sunday at 9pm. James Bond No Time To Die is available to stream on Prime Video now. SOURCE