We rely on our livers for more than 500 bodily functions including converting food into energy and removing toxins from the blood. Therefore, any problems with the liver can cause complications across the body. The sooner you spot any potential symptoms of a liver condition, the sooner you can seek treatment. Fatty liver disease is the name for a range of liver conditions that were not caused by alcohol. Also known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease it is the result of a build up of fat in the liver. In its earliest stages it often doesn’t cause an issue or present with symptoms. However, if it continues for an extended period of time it can result in lasting damage to the organ.  READ MORE: ‘I felt like I was dying’: Paul O’Grady describes horror illness that ‘finished’ him off Cirrhosis is the most severe stage of fatty liver disease that occurs after years of inflammation. The liver becomes scarred, lumpy and shrunken. NHS Inform explains: “Cirrhosis is scarring of the liver caused by continuous, long-term liver damage. “Scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver and prevents the liver from working properly. “The damage caused by cirrhosis can't be reversed and can eventually become so extensive that your liver stops functioning. This is called liver failure.   “Cirrhosis can be fatal if the liver fails. However, it usually takes years for the condition to reach this stage and treatment can help slow its progression.” It can be difficult to know if you have cirrhosis initially as it doesn’t always cause symptoms in the earliest stages. “However, as your liver loses its ability to function properly, you're likely to experience a loss of appetite, nausea and itchy skin,” NHS Inform says. “In the later stages, symptoms can include jaundice, vomiting blood, dark, tarry-looking stools, and a build up of fluid in the legs (oedema) and abdomen (ascites).”  READ MORE: Oil from coconuts that could lower your risk for dementia - boosts brain energy by 9% One symptom of cirrhosis that can occur is bleeding gums. This is because the condition can cause you to bleed or bruise more easily. According to NHS Inform, this also results in more frequent nose bleeds. Other cirrhosis symptoms to look out for include:  NHS Inform adds: "You should see your GP if you have persistent signs and symptoms of cirrhosis." There are a number of factors that can increase your risk of developing fatty liver disease, including if you: To lower your risk the NHS recommends eating a healthy balanced diet, losing weight if needed, quitting smoking and exercising more. If you think you have fatty liver disease you should see a GP as soon as possible. 