It’s been 12 years since the Harry Potter movies concluded with the eighth outing Deathly Hallows Part 2. Since then, Warner Bros have produced three Fantastic Beasts prequels penned by JK Rowling, in what was set to be a five-part spin-off franchise. However, following the lacklustre box office of last year’s Secrets of Dumbledore, the future of that series is looking uncertain at the studio. Nevertheless, just last November Warner Bros Discovery CEO David Zaslav pointed out how profitable the original Harry Potter movies had been for the studio and how he plans to focus on franchises in the future.  A month later, known leaker WDW Pro tweeted that the studio are planning on rebooting the original film franchise with a new cast in the next 3-5 years. On top of this, there are reportedly plans to adapt the Harry Potter and the Cursed Child stage play, which opened in the West End in 2016. The story begins with the 19 Years Later epilogue at the end of Deathly Hallows and follows the adventures of Harry and Draco Malfoy’s sons Albus and Scorpius who become firm friends. Warner Bros now own the rights to Cursed Child play and original stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and Emma Watson will be around the age of their characters in the next 5-7 years. According to a new report in The Sun’s source: “Warner Bros are currently looking at how to bring The Cursed Child to the big screen. It has been in their sights since the play proved to be so popular in the West End. It went onto the backburner for a while because there was so much work going on with the Fantastic Beasts franchise. "A line has been temporarily drawn on that for now, especially given its lacklustre performance, so it’s full steam ahead when it comes to developing The Cursed Child. At the moment it is in very formative stages and they are discussing the next steps to move it forward.” READ MORE: Harry Potter: Daniel Radcliffe open to Cursed Child movie after all The insider added: “The dream would be to have major stars returning, including Daniel Radcliffe, but that is still incredibly far off. Everyone who works within the Harry world wants Daniel to be back, but first they have to iron out the plan for how many films it will be, a reworked script and budgets. "The hope at the moment is that The Cursed Child could be made into two films – both which would pack as much punch, if not more, than the stage show.” Given the play is in two parts, this makes a lot of sense, but by the sounds of it the films are still a way off. SOURCE