During every Super Bowl weekend, there is always a debate about whether or not it is the biggest sporting event on the planet. With the 57th iteration taking place between the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday it has inevitably reared its head again but the statistics suggest it cannot compete with the worldwide reach of football including games like Manchester United vs Liverpool. The Super Bowl is undoubtedly one of the biggest events on the sporting calendar with the NFL experiencing growth across the globe in recent years. Around 200million people watched the event live last year as the Los Angeles Rams emerged victorious over the Cincinnati Bengals in a close-fought 23-20 win. Over half of the audience came from the US with the match the second-most watched in the sport’s history. It was broadcast in over 130 countries and in more than 300 languages. However, the impressive stats are still no match for traditional football which maintains its status as the most-watched sport worldwide. United vs Liverpool for example is regularly said to have attracted a global audience in excess of 600m as the two most successful clubs in England go head to head. The huge figures do not stop there either. The 2022 Champions League final had an audience around double that of the Super Bowl with around 400m tuning in to watch. Unsurprisingly the World Cup final was even bigger with FIFA suggesting 1.5billion people tuned in across the globe as Lionel Messi lifted the trophy for the first time. JUST IN: NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier League Football has also found supporters in unexpected places with Super Bowl winning quarter back Ryan Griffin suggesting United vs Liverpool is the ‘best sporting event’. He won the trophy with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2021 but that has not stopped him from suggesting other sports are better. "Best sporting event I've ever been to,” told TalkSport when asked about United vs Liverpool. “I've been to the Super Bowl, played in it, been to it as a fan, NBA finals, World Series. I went to a Manchester United [vs] Liverpool game, compliments to the Bucs [Tampa Bay Buccaneers], sitting [in the] same row as David Beckham.  "And I had chills the whole game because the fans had all those cheers for the players, former coaches, current coaches. "There are two security guards between the fan section and they come on 15 minutes left like 'hey, don't get out your seats, you're winning bad, we'll escort you.' "I've never seen, heard [or] conceptualised anything like that, it was phenomenal and I can't wait to go back to another game." The Super Bowl gets underway at 11:30pm on Sunday and is available to UK audiences on ITV1 and Sky Sports.