The UK is set to be hit by heavy snow and a -6C Arctic freeze, with the latest weather maps showing the exact date millions of Britons should brace themselves for the brutal conditions. Several leading weather forecasters have warned a major Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW) event is now taking place and soon could hit Britain. The Met Office said: "A major Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW) event is now taking place and could hit the country later this month. "This blocking high pressure can lead to cold, dry weather in the north of Europe, including the UK, with mild, wet and windy conditions more likely for southern areas of the continent." Now the latest UK weather maps are showing heavy snow and a bitterly cold snap could batter large parts of the UK towards the end of this month. The map begins turning icy white on February 2 with Scotland forecast to be blanketed in snow and intensified towards the end of that weekend with 5cm of snow set to fall. This grows slightly heavier on February 27, with 5-8cm of snow forecast to hit north of the border as temperatures also begin to plummet. But the worst is yet to come, a heavy barrage of snow to hit the country just 24 hours later that could see western and northern parts of Scotland buried in 12-16cm of snow. The threat of snow also now spreads into large parts of England on February 28, as far down as the North West and Wales. However, it gets even worse as March gets underway, with the weather maps showing up to 18cm (seven inches) of snow is set to smother a large area of Scotland, with northern England also at risk of a dusting. Minimum temperatures maps also show the mercury could sink to low as -5C on February 28 and even lower to -6C 24 hours later on March 1. READ MORE: Prince Harry subjected palace aides to 'loyalty tests' - expert AccuWeather Meteorologist Lauren Hyde told Express.co.uk: "If a period of stratospheric warming occurs toward the middle of next week, temperatures could get chilly across the UK for a time late this month, especially during overnight periods. "This is because during these periods of stratospheric warming, cold air tends to get displaced from the arctic. This air, if displaced, could bring some snow in the hills, higher terrain and other typically colder spots. However, confidence remains rather low at this time as there are some contradicting long range guidance. "It is still too early to know specifics as to how cold temperatures could get, however should a period of stratospheric warming occur, arctic air could push into the region, bringing temperatures below 0C in some high elevation locations. She added: "The highest probability of snow exists in Scotland during the late month time period, with some snow also possible in some of the hills and higher elevations of England and Wales. It is still too soon to know exactly how much snow will fall however." DON'T MISS‘No official role’ for Harry and Meghan at the Coronation [LATEST]Princess Kate could be 'pushing Meghan further' into the 'background' [COMMENTS]Family torn apart after Brianna Ghey, 16, stabbed to death [REPORT] In addition, leading weather forecasters have warned about the possibility of "much colder temperatures" at the start of next month that could trigger spells of wintry weather. The Met Office said in its latest long-range forecast: "The end of February is likely to see a continuation of changeable conditions, with the wettest and windiest weather most probable across the northwest. "The south and east may see some shorter spells of wet weather, although overall conditions should remain drier and more settled. Into March, high pressure is expected to develop to the north of the UK and low pressure to the south. "This is likely to introduce a north-south split, with drier conditions across the north and wetter conditions in the south. Temperatures expected to be mostly around average, but a period of colder or much colder temperatures remains a small possibility and could bring spells of wintry weather." For the period February 27-March 12, BBC Weather said: "As far as temperatures are concerned, they should be near seasonal or a shade above. "However, the second week of March could bring the possibility of a change to colder conditions, with high pressure extending westwards towards Greenland while low pressure develops across continental Europe. "Although this is very uncertain for now, one or two longer-range models are suggesting this, and there are a couple of potential triggers. "One of those is a Sudden Stratospheric Warming event that is forecast to occur during the coming week, with the stratospheric polar vortex getting pushed off the pole. "If this interacts with the troposphere the effects could take three weeks to be felt at the surface, if it all, but might manifest in just this sort of blocked pattern at the surface. "Consequently, we could be looking towards a colder set-up through the early meteorological spring, following a rather mild end to winter."