Chelsea defender Thiago Silva has jumped to the defence of Enzo Fernandez after the Argentine was brutally mocked for his part in Borussia Dortmund's Champions League winner on Wednesday night. The £107million midfielder was making his first European appearance for the Blues following his mega-move move from Benfica on transfer deadline day but it was one he will want to forget in a hurry. That's because Dortmund's winner - which came courtesy of Karim Adeyemi - came courtesy of a footrace between the World Cup winner and German and sadly for Fernandez, there was only one winner. Adeyemi burned him on the outside before rounding Kepa Arrizabalaga and slotting into an empty net to send Signal Iduna Park into raptures. Brazilian outlet TNT Sports trolled Fernandez during the spectacle, posting on Instagram: "CALL THE UBER FI! Enzo Fernández is looking for Adeyemi so far..." Chelsea centre-back Silva took offence to the post and it angered him so much, he decided to comment. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light The Brazil international wrote in defence of his team-mate: "Lack of respect for the a**, huh!!! Be more serious with your work." Silva was booked for his troubles during the contest as Chelsea struggled to take their chances in Germany on a bitterly frustrating night. Nonetheless, the scrapping of the away goals rule means Chelsea have every chance to turn things around in London in the second leg. The Blues know they will be able to create chances having cut through Dortmund on several occasions but this time around, it will just be about taking them on home soil in front of the Chelsea supporters at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'tells Mason Greenwood chances of Man Utd return' in private phone callPaul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing trip during injury rehabMicah Richards names Man Utd player that could cost them in Premier League title race Graham Potter believes the performance was another step in the right direction - despite the underwhelming scoreline. "Training as a group has been fantastic so the spirit's there in the team. It's just we need a little bit of luck and to carry on the performance level that we had tonight. We need to try to keep improving," he said post-match. "We were pushing at the time [of the goal] and were the better team so to concede in that manner is what we're disappointed in but the players are honest. "They know they can do better than that. We'll probably focus on the positive, which was that the performance was another step forward for us." Chelsea now face strugglers Southampton this weekend in the Premier League as they look to get back to winning ways. The Blues have been much-improved of late but they are still struggling to deliver results despite impressive performances. They caught the eye at West Ham last weekend but their lack of cutting edge in front of goal cost them dearly. The same was applicable at Dortmund, who grinned out victory after Joao Felix hit the crossbar in the first half for the Blues.