Manchester United striker Wout Weghorst claims that it is 'special' to witness the transformation at the club under manager Erik ten Hag. The former Burnley frontman played an important part in United's second goal against Newcastle at Wembley and he has proven a shrewd acquisition so far. Weghorst spent the first half of the campaign on loan at Turkish side Besiktas after suffering Premier League relegation with the Clarets last term. Ten Hag needed attacking reinforcements following Cristiano Ronaldo's departure, and he called on his compatriot to help out at Old Trafford. The 6ft 6in forward has produced a modest return with just one goal in 12 appearances for United, but his height gives opponents a problem to solve and his work rate has brought the best out of those around him. Weghorst played a deft through ball for Marcus Rashford to fire home United's second goal in their 2-0 Carabao Cup final win, and after the match he shed light on Ten Hag's 'special' mentality following confirmation of his first silverware as Red Devils boss. READ MORE: Man Utd coach McCarthy played role in Ferguson anger and handshake snub "I took a moment there at the end and that was the greatest moment of the evening," said Weghorst. "The manager was the first one who is always putting the tension on it, saying 'no, we're living to win'. There's a great feeling within the club, within the team, the lads together. I mean, to be honest, it’s something special to notice this. "We win the first one now and still have three to go so, yeah, hungry for more. It’s three left now. First one is in and first we have to stand still by this and enjoy it. But afterwards, of course, it's three to go. We have everything in our own hands so let’s go. DON'T MISSRashford felt 'strange' after Ten Hag decision he'd 'never seen' at Man UtdFIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emergesMudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route "The manager has been living to win, that is the intention every day. He’s living for it. You can feel it – it's really detailed, the way he works, the way we work every day, in every match. A lot of attention on where our opportunities are, so he's, first of all, a great manager with a lot of quality." Weghorst, 30, clinched the first trophy of his career on Sunday and gushed about what it means to play for the Red Devils, describing the loan move as a 'childhood dream'. "In the Netherlands I played two cup finals and lost both of them," he recalled. "This was the third time. Of course that's something special and of course you put in all the hard work, hard effort to get really something in your head. So, yeah, also for me it's personal and it's really nice to win a trophy. "It's a childhood dream to play for this amazing club, to play a final and also be important in this final with the second goal. If you win it you have to enjoy it because during this day, during the match, you're only focused on one thing and that's winning it and performing." 