As inflation continues to erode savings, savers may be wondering if equity release could free up some cash for retirement. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, an expert has explored whether equity release could be a viable option for those approaching retirement. With customers releasing an average £106,806 in 2022, property wealth has helped thousands improve their quality of life, manage debt, and support their wider families, data from the Equity Release Council found. Will Hale, chief executive at the later life lender Key Group, explained that while the early part of 2022 saw a post-Covid return of a cohort of customers looking to use some of their housing equity to support aspirational purchases, such as holidays, the latter part of the year was dominated by needs-based drivers. Mr Hale believes that is likely to remain the same in 2023 as the cost of living crisis really bites, alongside an acknowledgement that the long-term financial challenges over-55s face in terms of lack of pension savings and increased longevity are not going away. Equity release allows people to continue living in their home while releasing some equity, tax-free. The interest rate is fixed for life and the plan is repaid when the homeowner dies or moves into long-term care. READ MORE: PIP: 10 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month from DWP He continued: “The money you release can be taken as a single lump sum, or in a series of smaller amounts known as ‘drawdown’. “The ‘drawdown’ option is helpful for retirees looking to increase their retirement income as the scheme offers a certain level of flexibility as to when and how much can be withdrawn." He also explained what a retirement interest-only mortgage is and how this may be an option for retirees. Retirees repay the monthly interest accruing on the loan and, providing repayments are maintained, the balance will remain the same throughout. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,600 in April but rise may mean 500,000 in retirement now pay tax A retirement interest-only mortgage has no fixed term and only needs repaying upon death or moving into long-term care. He added: “This is a good way to raise capital in retirement, subject to proof of income and affordability. “Both of these equity release schemes are effective ways to access additional money in retirement, but it’s important that good financial habits and a consideration of your monthly budget is maintained.” When discussing the amount of equity that can be released, he explained that it depends on the age of the youngest homeowner, the value of the property and whether they have any pre-existing health conditions.  The youngest borrower must be over 55 and their property must be worth more than £70,000. If they have a qualifying medical condition, they can potentially borrow more or get a lower interest rate. Mr Gregory said: “It is worth noting that if you still have a mortgage outstanding on the house, you must pay your outstanding mortgage balance with the money that is released first, as equity release can be the only charge registered again your property. “Another factor to be aware of is that equity release will reduce the value of your estate. This could catch people out. We always suggest that you discuss matters with your family and even have them present at any meeting. The youngest borrower must be over 55 and their property must be worth more than £70,000. If they have a qualifying medical condition, they can potentially borrow more or get a lower interest rate. Mr Gregory said:“It is worth noting that if you still have a mortgage outstanding on the house, you must pay your outstanding mortgage balance with the money that is released first, as equity release can be the only charge registered again your property. “Another factor to be aware of is that equity release will reduce the value of your estate. This could catch people out. We always suggest that you discuss matters with your family and even have them present at any meeting. “Remember, it’s your family’s inheritance that will ultimately be affected by any release of equity from your property.” Before making any financial decision, Britons are encouraged to speak to a financial advisor as equity release may not be the best option for individuals.