Donald Trump would do a post-Brexit trade deal with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer if both men win their respective elections in 2024, a former White House aide has claimed. Mick Mulvaney, who served as Trump's White House chief of staff and later as the ex-POTUS' special envoy to Northern Ireland, also suggested that his former boss would eventually look past "disparaging" comments made by leading Labour figures. He told Express.co.uk: “At first glance it doesn’t help but face it a lot of folks have said disparaging things about Donald Trump over the years.” Mulvaney added: “Would it be an issue? Yes. Would it be overcomeable? Absolutely, it would be, yes.” Mulvaney expressed some reservations about the possibility of an Anglo-American accord being passed, despite claiming his former boss was more likely than Joe Biden to sign a free trade agreement. “I think a lot of the point is moot as I don’t think Trump is going to win the election,” he said. Trump has found it difficult to conceal his fraught relations with leading Labour figures in recent years, labelling London Mayor Sadiq Khan a "stone cold loser" in 2019. Several Labour MPs have also added fuel to the fire by denouncing the former commander-in-chief. Shadow Foreign Secretary David Lammy spoke out against the “horrible white supremacy that he seems to stand for” when Trump was granted a state visit in 2019. JUST IN: Journalist, 24, and 9-year-old girl killed in shooting spree as suspect smirks Sir Keir has also previously taken aim at the 45th POTUS, claiming he is “pro-American but anti-Trump”. The Labour Party made a potential UK-US trade deal a major issue during the last general election campaign after then-Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn urged Boris Johnson to break off negotiations until any reference to pharmaceuticals was struck out of Washington’s objectives. Shadow International Trade Secretary Nick Thomas-Symonds revealed last year that a Labour Government would pursue an Anglo-American trade deal. Labour MP Graham Stringer also said Sir Keir should "absolutely" enter UK-US negotiations even if Trump wins in 2024. He told Express.co.uk: "It would be a huge mistake to not enter negotiations that are in this country's interests." The former Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, who backed Brexit in 2016, added: "I would be very surprised if Keir snubbed UK-US talks because Labour Governments have worked with Republican Presidents in the United States as Conservative Governments have worked with Democrat Presidents." But Stringer warned UK negotiators should look carefully at agriculture and ensure talks do not bring about a "backdoor" way of privatising the National Health Service. But a Labour source said: "We're a long way off that scenario." Pro-Brexit campaigners cited a UK-US trade deal as a massive benefit of severing ties with the Brussels bloc. Ex-UKIP MP Douglas Carswell even claimed negotiations would be “relatively straightforward”. But Biden’s administration has not been so receptive to a UK-US trade deal. The 80-year-old president and former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi put talks in jeopardy over fears the UK Government could tear up the Northern Ireland Protocol. An Anglo-American accord would likely bring financial reward to businesses on both sides of the Atlantic, with total trade in goods and services between the UK and US exceeding £260billion in the four quarters to the end of 2022’s third quarter. A free trade agreement between the two nations could increase trade by £15billion in the long-term and boost UK workers’ wages by £1.8billion, Whitehall analysis has revealed. DON'T MISS:Tragedy as five killed in plane crash near Clinton Airport [INSIGHT]Pentagon releases selfie photo of suspected Chinese balloon [ANALYSIS]Missing woman identified after severed foot discovered in shoe [VIDEO] Trump and Sir Keir both hope to win power in 2024, with the 45th POTUS launching his third successive White House bid last November. Opinion polls suggest Sir Keir could be the UK's next Prime Minister. A survey conducted by YouGov handed Labour a whopping 28-point lead over Rishi Sunak's Tories. But Trump's support with American voters looks far less convincing. The ex-POTUS leads Republican rival Ron DeSantis by 20 percent but trails Joe Biden by one-point, recent Morning Consult surveys have revealed. Express.co.uk has approached Labour and Trump's 2024 campaign team for comment.