The Coronation of King Charles will be "much greater" than that of Queen Elizabeth II when it comes to its reach, an expert believes. Historian and royal commentator Dr Ed Owens noted how the technological advancement in mass communications experienced in the past seven decades will have an impact on the upcoming event. He told Express.co.uk: "In terms of the reach of this event, it's going to be much greater than Elizabeth II's Coronation. "It's going to play to a world audience via lots of different media channels, notably international broadcasters but also the internet." Social media, Dr Owens argued, will bring a "new dimension" to the Coronation, with people being able to experience it in a different way than the spectators of the Queen's Coronation. He said: "And what social media also enables, is for viewers of this event to participate as they watch, to engage with one another, to share their thoughts on the unfolding ceremony. "This wasn't something that was possible in 1953, people then were watching, often in small parties in front of very small televisions. "Social media brings a new dimension to this, people will be able to share in the medium of the event, in the emotion of the event, and to convey what it means to them as well through the social media platform." As pointed out by the expert, worldwide media will be in London's Westminster Abbey on May 6 to report on the Coronation. However, the Royal Household will likely have control of the media narrative, Dr Owens went on to claim, "or at least of the mainstream media narrative in the UK", and could have a say on what images broadcasters can share with the public. READ MORE: King Charles to refuse Prince Harry’s one Coronation demand The painstakingly-planned Coronation will leave very little to improvisation, Dr Owens said. But the Coronation weekend will feature many other events celebrating the historic ceremony and the King during which Britons will be able to express their creativity and get involved first-hand. During the weekend, which will include a Bank Holiday on May 8, Windsor Castle will become the stage of a live concert featuring A-listers and worldwide celebrities. Members of the public are invited to throw street parties and to join the Big Help Out, which will encourage people to try volunteering for themselves and join the work being undertaken to support their local areas. DON'T MISS Members of the Firm have also been tipped to travel across the country during the weekend to bring the Coronation cheers to people in all four nations, much like it happened during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Buckingham Palace has only released a few details about the Coronation ceremony, saying it will "reflect the Monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry". Queen Camilla will be crowned alongside Charles, and will wear for the occasion the crown donned by Queen Mary at the 1911 Coronation, albeit without the controversial Koh-i-Noor diamond. On the other hand, King Charles will wear the traditional St Edward's Crown, crafted for King Charles II in 1661. The event itself is expected to be shorter than the Queen's Coronation, which lasted for three hours, and to have considerably fewer than the 8,000 guests invited at Westminster Abbey in 1953.