Tommy Fury and Jake Paul shook on an all-or-nothing bet ahead of their long-awaited grudge match on Saturday. Paul agreed to pay Fury double his reported £2.5million purse if he manages to get the victory on February 26 but vows to take it all if he wins. The pair will finally have the chance to lay their hands on each other on Sunday after eighteen months of waiting and two failed attempts to get the fight over the line. Ahead of their inaugural encounter in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after suffering a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Many raised doubts that the fight would take place on the third time of asking especially after Fury no-showed their launch press conference two weeks ago. However, all indications suggest that the Saudi showdown is going ahead and both men got their chance to talk up the fight during the final press conference this afternoon.  Paul, well known for making outlandish bets with his opponents pre-fight, kept true to his tradition by offering his fierce rival an all-or-nothing deal. "I think we make a deal. If you win, I will pay you double what I am paying you. But if I win I take everything I am paying you," said Paul as he stood up offering his hand to make it official. "Why are you going to stand up like you're going to do something? Sit back down. Sit back down," Fury snapped back before his father John interrupted the back and forth and accepted the deal on his son's behalf. MORE BOXING NEWS... Benn cleared as enquiry finds 'eggs' responsible for failed tests Jake Paul takes aim at Tommy Fury with cruel Molly-Mae Hague dig Fury and Paul stats show one fighter is clearly the bigger puncher   "You're dealt. You've got a deal. All-or-nothing, you've got it," replied Fury Sr as the two arch-enemies shook hands. Paul, as always, seemed extremely confident at the press event and vowed to 'expose' his adversary on fight night. "We have picked this guy apart, he has a good jab, speed and footwork," said Paul. "He is a good boxer but not a great boxer. This lack of defence will be exposed on Sunday." Meanwhile, Fury insisted that he would be too much for his novice foe. "His opponents have been in their 40s and 50s. Everyone knows MMA fighters are not boxers. They aren’t boxers and he couldn’t deal with them. "He still went eight rounds with him [Anderson Silva] and looked like he went through the trenches. He will realise what boxing is. You have a proper fighter here and one who will take your head off."   