Sam Reyne and Ashleigh Bibby turned their lives around after losing an impressive nine stone combined by following the 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan. The couple explained that before embarking on their weight loss journey, they had a turbulent relationship with food. Sam admitted that she became aware of the negative impact weight was having on her health after it started hindering her transition. She explained: “By the end of 2020 I began to come out to family, friends, and colleagues about transitioning. "I started on hormones around this time, however, I was very conscious of the fact that fat produces oestrogen in the body, and as long as I was overweight, my figure would remain feminine. “I wanted to have top surgery as part of my transition. The surgery shows that you achieve better results with a lower fat percentage, and so the heavier you are, the riskier the surgery. READ MORE: Carole Middleton has great figure at 68 - a look at 'flexitarian' diet  "The thought of dieting seemed awful, as eating a strict diet never seemed to work for me in the past.” Ashleigh had also struggled with body image issues as a result of her weight and at her heaviest, she weighed 17 stone 6lbs. The couple heard about the "really good results" some people had after following The 1:1 Diet so they decided to give it a go. Sam explained: "I had never heard of it before and was keen to look it up. I have tried previous diets in the past, but nothing ever stuck.  "I desperately needed to lose weight to be able to move again, live more comfortably, and be proud of my reflection in the mirror in a body I was happy in. “We got in touch with our fantastic consultant, Sarah to see if she could help us. We were both wary in the beginning but determined to lose the weight.” Ashleigh added: “Despite my scepticism, I lost 10lbs in the first week! I was amazed! After a couple of days, I got used to being on plan and it felt like my normal routine. “Doing this alongside some counselling meant that my mental health was in a much better place. I thought yes, I am finally achieving something that I never thought I would, and I was proud of myself for the first time in years." READ MORE: Look younger by adding 'ultimate' essentials to your winter style She proudly revealed that she lost that an impressive 3st 7lbs in just three months and Sam also lost enough to have the transitional surgery. Sam said: “Thanks to The 1:1 Diet, this has been the first time I can look in a mirror and be happy to see my reflection. I could never have done this without my amazing partner and our fantastic consultant!” The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan’s meal replacement programme uses formula food soups, shakes, bars and other meals to replace conventional foods. The meals are nutritionally balanced, providing all protein, essential fat, vitamins and minerals needed, the company explained. Slimmers can pick from their "delicious, nutritionally balanced meal replacement food" and have the support and help of a consultant throughout the whole process. "Tuck into hearty porridge, mouth-watering spag bol or Thai noodles, shakes, smoothies, bites, and so much more. All calorie-controlled, all crammed with the nutrients you need and all full of flavour. "Enjoy your tasty meal replacements, and you'll soon start to see the difference," The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan explained.