Greg Hands was left red-faced this morning after he clashed with TV presenter Julia Hartley-Brewer. The Talk TV presenter said Mr Hands had given her and her audience "a chuckle" when he claimed that the UK's energy supply is "one of the best in Europe". She also rubbished the Government's new "Energy Security and Net Zero" Department, saying that "Energy security is the exact opposite of going for Net Zero. You can't have them both at the same time." This comes one day after Rishi Sunak reshuffled the Cabinet, introducing four new departments to Whitehall. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy was carved up into a new dedicated Energy Security and Net Zero Department, along with a separate Business and Trade department. Meanwhile, the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport was split into a Science, Innovation and Technology Department and a Culture, Media and Sport Department. When asked how these changes will impact the lives of people in the UK, the new party chairman Mr Hands said: "I think it allows a sharper focus on the things that are really important for the long-term future of the country, particularly the sharper focus on energy and net zero, energy security and net zero - they go hand in hand. "The sharper focus on science innovation and technology, the combination of business and trade to make sure that our trade agenda really serves the businesses of this country." "All of these things are building for the long-term future of this country."  He added: "By having an Energy Security and Net Zero Department allows us not only to do the short-term things to improve people's lives but also the long-term planning to make sure that our energy system - which is already one of the best in Europe... But Ms Hartley Brewer interrupted, saying: "I'm sorry Mr Hands, the front page of the Daily Star today says that Britain is in a chuckle crisis. "42 percent of us cant remember the last time that we laughed. But you've given me and my audience a chuckle! "The idea that we have one of the best energy security in the world - we're having to import energy at a huge cost because we didn't have enough gas story facilities. "We've not renewed our nuclear power, we've been relying too much on wind and solar and not been fracking for gas." She added: "Energy security is the exact opposite of going for Net Zero. You can't have them both at the same time." Mr Hands was appointed party chairman yesterday, replacing Nadhim Zahawi.    The Prime Minister sacked Mr Zahawi last week after an investigation by Sir Laurie Magnus, the independent adviser on ministers' interests, concluded that he had breached the ministerial code by failing to be transparent about the multimillion-pound settlement with HM Revenue and Customs reached while he was chancellor, which included paying a penalty. Mr Sunak insisted he acted "pretty decisively" by sacking Mr Zahawi over the tax row after critics argued he should have acted sooner and said he followed the "right process" by waiting for the outcome of the ethics inquiry. The PM stressed "integrity is important to me" and promised to take "whatever steps are necessary to restore the integrity back into politics". 