Two of David Carrick's colleagues contacted one of his victims, with one officer writing: "Very cute sexy pic on Facebook", it has been reported. The victim was contacted just three days after former firearms officer Carrick was arrested, Sky News reports. The victim claims that the officer continued to message her over several months and requested to meet her at a motorway service station, but she refused. She says she reported the messages to Hertfordshire Police - the force who investigated Carrick - and was told not to reply to them because it was "concerning". On another occasion, the officer allegedly messaged: "You shout give me a facial" and "I wanna get you drunk". No further action was taken after the detectives spoke with the officer in question, it is reported. The Metropolitan Police's policy is that only investigating officers can contact victims. Speaking about the first messages the victim said she "froze" fearing that he may be "trying to intimidate" her. As well as the texts, the woman said four pictures from two officers in the Met's Diplomatic and Parliamentary Protection Command were sent to her. She said the pictures included one officer licking an ice cream whilst holding a work-issued firearm and another officer taking a selfie from a toilet with a gun over his groin area. The victim said she will "never trust the police again" as a result of the alleged incidents.  READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's friends urge police to search in abandoned house She added: "The police don't behave how they should behave. They think they can do anything. "They are using their uniform as a cover for their bad behaviour." David Carrick was sentenced to 30 years in prison after admitting 49 offences, including 24 of rape, against 12 women. The court heard that he used his "power and control" to carry out the attacks on "vulnerable" women and stop them from reporting him. Now campaigners are calling for a "complete overhaul" for women to feel safe again. Leader of the Women's Equality Party Mandu Reid called for the Government and police to "stop apologising" and instead started addressing the "misogyny baked into the police". She told Express.co.uk: "They missed at least nine opportunities to stop Carrick over two decades, revealing an enduring culture of misogyny in their ranks. "They must be held to account for their failures and that means addressing the big picture. "It feels like not a day goes by without yet another news story about yet another police officer being accused of hurting women. Enough is enough." The Metropolitan Police has been contacted for comment.