This surplus comes despite the government having to pay out money to support hard-pressed families facing sky-high energy bills. Further good news is that European gas prices have hit an 18-month low, bringing wholesale gas prices down to lower than they were before Russia invaded Ukraine this time last year. A generally milder winter and stockpiled energy should mean this feeds in to lower family and business bills by the summer. With inflation appearing to have peaked, there is a sense of optimism among many small and medium-sized businesses. According to a recent poll by Barclays, 41 percent of businesses feel optimistic about the future, while 55 per cent were expecting to increase their revenues and a third were planning to employ more staff this year. Record self-assessed income tax payments of £21.9bn in January should give the government a little more room when it comes to their budget next month. It does not mean the government should go on a spending spree and they should certainly not cave in to public sector strikers whose demands would only fuel higher inflation and prices. With 5.7 million workers on the government payroll, the taxpayer is already forking out £233bn for public services that are increasingly underperforming. The government would be better using any extra money to invest in improved efficiency in the NHS and elsewhere. Above all, any surplus should be used to help the private sector struggling against higher taxes and energy bills. Tory backbenchers are quite right to oppose Rishi Sunak’s spring hike in corporation tax, hitting entrepreneurs most at a time when we are all suffering from the higher cost of living. If Brexit Britain is to stand any chance of succeeding in a very competitive world, we need the UK to be a more attractive place to do business and raising corporation tax to 25 percent does little to help that. Pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca recently switched a £320m factory investment from the UK to Ireland because its fiscal regime is more welcoming with corporation tax at 12.5 percent.  Some 15,000 high street jobs have already been lost this year as struggling multiple retailers cut back on their staff, heaping pressure on Chancellor Jeremy Hunt next month to give some help to British stores and shops by reforming business rates. Liz Truss was pilloried for her Brexit-boosting budget last year, partly because it failed to be signed off by the OBR, but this institution has consistently got its forecasting wrong. Their last five predictions for GDP growth substantially underestimated the actual figures while they downplayed the threat of inflation five times in a row in 2021. The OBR predicted a slowdown after the 2016 Brexit vote, forecasting 1.4 percent UK growth in 2017 when in actual fact it expanded by 2.1 percent. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) piled in with criticism of Truss’s tax-cutting budget, as did the Bank of England, but the BoE has consistently underplayed the threat of inflation while the IMF regularly writes down Britain’s growth and then, most recently, had the gall to criticise higher taxes as a drag on UK prosperity. If these venerable institutions have such a poor record of getting it right, why is our government so in thrall to them? You might as well, like the ancients, sacrifice animals and inspect their intestines for good omens. Just by chance, you’d be as likely to get it right as wrong rather than being perennially pessimistic. It is a major vulnerability of 21st-century life that we give too much credence to forecasting. It should not be forgotten that alarmist epidemic forecasts led us into the disaster of lockdown, while our entire way of life is being up-ended because of catastrophising scientific predictions of how climate change may or may not affect us. The current net-zero policy that will make us colder and poorer by 2050 is based on forecasting not observable reality. The world has got greener over the past 20 years not less so. It is time to halt the tyranny of forecasting and use instead basic common sense to set our long-term agenda. Lower taxes, lower energy costs, encourage growth is all our government needs to do — and stop guessing the future.