Ahead of Owain Wyn Evans’ first breakfast show on BBC Radio 2, he joined his fellow BBC Breakfast hosts to chat about what listeners can expect and share details of his drumming segment. However, as he joined Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt, he joked it was an “awkward” reunion as he hadn’t seen the pair since they all appeared on The Weakest Link. Naga introduced Owain: “A familiar face, someone who knows the weather. Hello!” “Hello, so lovely to see you both,” Owain replied. “You know the last time I saw you both is when you both voted me out of the Weakest Link. Not awkward by the way.” Naga asked: “Did I vote you out? Really?” “I think you did,” Owain told her. “Maybe it was just you Charlie.” READ MORE: Millennial watches Fawlty Towers and 'couldn't believe her eyes' Charlie admitted: “The whole thing is a bit of a blur.” “Well you just spent the whole time voting your colleagues out on the Weakest Link,” Naga exclaimed. The host was then seen shuffling along the iconic BBC Breakfast sofa away from Charlie. “We’re united on that aren’t we Naga?” Owain laughed before pointing at the presenter as he realised what she’d done. Moving the conversation along to Owain’s new show, Charlie stated: “You’ve got a new gig coming up haven’t you?” “Yes, really excited, I’m starting a new show on Monday on Radio 2, the early breakfast slot,” Owain explained. “So between four and six-thirty and I can’t wait.” Naga shared: “You know as a breakfast presenter you are going to be asked the following questions. “You know the first one, what time is the alarm set for?” DON'T MISS...John Cleese insists 'I’m not doing Fawlty Towers with the BBC' [LATEST]Death in Paradise boss shares update on BBC show's future [INTERVIEW]BBC stars raking in cash from outside work on the rise [INSIGHT] “Yeah, to start off with, I’m going to be good and I’m going to get up at three,” Owain admitted. “Because I like to get in and I like to look at the running order and the playlist and what songs I’ve got.” Naga chipped in: “But you start at four so that’s not that bad.” “No,” Owain agreed. “It’s okay actually because when I was doing the weather, you’d have to get up quite a while before you did it because you have to sort out all the charts and really get your head into the story. “But as a musician and someone who loves music and loves songs, this is just a dream for me.” Owain went on to reveal his show would be the first to be broadcast from outside of London and would be in Cardiff. “Going back to work in Wales is really special,” he told the hosts. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.