Whilst Kate Middleton and Prince William have a very full royal calendar, that doesn't mean they don't take some time out for an exciting family holiday. The royal couple also reportedly shares the same favourite ski resort as a well-known celebrity. The Prince and Princess of Wales like to keep the details of their holidays private, but thanks to David Walliams, fans have discovered where they like to go. The star explained that he wanted to bump into the royals when he was holidaying at a resort in Courchevel, in the French Alps. He told Hello Magazine: "We happened to be at the same ski resort and it was only because someone came up to me and said: 'You're the second celebrity I've seen today,' and I was like, 'ok well who's the first?' and he said Prince William, so I knew we'd been at the same place. I was kind of hoping to bump into them." Kate and William likely are able to go to Courchevel without any fans noticing them because they would be wearing ski helmets to disguise their identities. READ MORE: ‘Unspoiled’ staycation destination feels like the Maldives Whilst the exact resort is yet to be confirmed, it is likely that the destination could have been Les Trois Vallées. This is where the Prince and Princess enjoyed their first skiing holiday with Princess George and Princess Charlotte in 2016. The stunning destination is reported to be flooded with A-listers including the likes of Victoria and David Beckham, George Clooney, Lionel Richie, Geri Horner and Roman Abramovich. The resort boasts many Michelin-starred restaurants, designer boutiques and unparalleled ski conditions, making it the perfect destination for any member of the Royal Family.  Courchevel is also where Gordon Ramsay likes to stay when jetting off for some time on the slopes with his wife Tania and their children. The stunning log cabin they frequent is reported to cost £150,000 for a week-long stay. One of the most expensive chalets where Kate and William could take their family at Les Trois Vallées is the Haapiti chalet. This chalet would cost €33,241 for a week's stay, which equates to roughly £29,519 in British Sterling. READ MORE: Princess Margaret's 'glorious' morning routine uncovered by royal fans The description says: "This luxurious chalet located near Méribel Center in the Dou du Pont district offers sublime views. "Close to the centre, the kindergarten and the ski school, the Haapiti chalet offers family holidays with ease. "Access to the chalet is difficult in case of heavy snow (garden to cross) or for people with reduced mobility. "The 'HAAPITI' chalet, with an area of ​​approximately 400m², is equipped for 12 people with five bedrooms.  "Located in the Dou du Pont district in the centre of Méribel, close to the free shuttle and five minutes from the slopes on foot." This chalet would fit George, Charlotte, Louis and any other royal cousins that would like to come along. When William and Harry were young, King Charles and Princess Diana would take them skiing along with their cousins Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. A key ski trip with these four young royals took place in Klosters in Switzerland in 1995 and was spoken about at length by the Duke of Sussex in his Netflix documentary, Harry and Meghan. The Prince claimed that photographers insisted on taking their photographs when they were simply enjoying their family getaway in Switzerland.