Liverpool star Darwin Nunez found himself the victim of a practical joke from a Manchester United supporter over the weekend. The forward sustained a shoulder injury over the weekend against Newcastle, though he looked in good spirits when meeting with members of the public. Nunez has endured a rollercoaster of a debut campaign in the Premier League following his move from Benfica over the summer. The striker has shown clear potential but struggled to convert clear-cut openings into goals, prompting some to question whether he will be able to justify his £85million price tag. The 23-year-old has scored six and assisted three in 17 league appearances, and he has looked the most likely candidate to play a key role in reviving the Reds’ season. Nunez has been at the heart of the action off of the pitch too, recently being harmlessly pranked by a United supporter. As the forward left a restaurant, a young fan asked him for a photo – and he duly obliged. Nunez cracked a smile for the camera before attempting to make a swift exit and avoid making a scene, though the supporter did not want the forward leaving without knowing his true colours. The football fan called ‘Nunez’ before taking off his hoodie and unveiling that he was wearing United’s green third shirt from this season. The Liverpool star took the joke well, laughing it off and giving a thumbs-up to the youngster before departing. Though Nunez may not be in the greatest of spirits on Tuesday if he is ruled out of the Champions League clash against Real Madrid at Anfield. The ex-Almeria forward injured his shoulder during the 2-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday evening, and it is not yet known the extent of the issue. Speaking about Nunez’s availability for the crunch clash against Los Blancos, Jurgen Klopp said: “There's a chance [Nunez plays]. We have to see how he can deal with the pain. When we know that, we have to make a decision." Liverpool will be hoping that if Nunez is not available then his teammates will step up in his absence in what will be a tough match against Real Madrid. The two teams faced off last season in the Champions League final, with Carlo Ancelotti’s side coming out on top with a 1-0 win thanks to a goal from Vinicius Jr. Klopp has insisted that things won’t be the same this time around though, and he will be hoping that Nunez leading the line will be one of the key differences.