Unforgotten is returning to ITV after the emotional death of DCI Cassie Stewart (played by Nicola Walker) two years ago. Now, Sinead Keenan will be taking the reins, alongside the return of DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) for a new series of solving the most thought-provoking crimes. However, Sinead recently admitted the pressure she felt taking over from Nicola and explained Jess is "completely different" to Cassie. Viewers will remember Cassie died as a result of a car crash in season four of the ITV crime drama. After being in a coma and getting told there was little chance of survival, the family decided to turn off her life support machine. The end scenes of season four saw Sunny around her grave, remembering their time together before walking off into the distance. Now, the series is set to come back with an epic bang as the official synopsis for the opening episode reads: "A severed leg is discovered inside a chimney and the team gets to work trying to identify the victim. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error "While Cassie's replacement has a rocky start as she clashes with a grieving Sunny." Sinead recently explained Jess is a feisty character who has been thrown into the woes of the position after Cassie's death. Opening up on what viewers can expect of Jess, she explained: "If you’re at the start of something, you’re all in together and you’re all running blind a bit. "You’re doing your best work, and you’re hoping people will like it, but you’re all in the same boat. "When you come into an established show, it’s very, very different. "And obviously I’d seen the show, and Nicola is brilliant, so I was initially reticent about even reading the scripts. But then I read the scripts, and they were brilliant. “When I spoke to my agent she said, 'Apparently it’s a really lovely job,' and I was like, 'Okay, you’re just trying to sell this now.' "My fear was that I didn’t want to be filling a Cassie-shaped hole. But obviously, Chris Lang has created a completely different character with their own storyline, and it’s great. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation [WATCH]There is quite a large age gap between Lisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson [INSIGH]Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [LATEST] "So I was very glad to have been wrong, essentially. And the whole team behind Unforgotten is really lovely, I have not had an experience like that on any set. "It was so smooth. And I could not have been made to feel more welcome. Which was really lovely. So I’m very lucky.” As well as taking on a new role which has replaced a loved character such as Cassie, Sinead admitted she anticipates no one will like her in the beginning. Speaking to The Telegraph, she explained: "I fully anticipate that, for at least the first half of the series, nobody’s going to like me. "With the team, she’s constantly measured against the brilliance of Cassie, and their love for her: ‘You picked this eejit?’ And the audience will be doing the same. "I saw the reaction when Cassie died and I thought, ‘Oh, God, woe betide anyone who takes that on.’ "Nicola Walker is fantastic and so well-loved - who’d be the fool?’" Unforgotten returns on Monday, February 27 at 9pm on ITV.