Queen Rania and King Abdullah II of Jordan are currently in the US on a working visit. Crown Prince Al Hussein is also in the country. Yesterday, the family met with Speaker McCarthy in the US Capitol in Washington, DC. Rania looked gorgeous in a two-piece suit. She donned a burnt orange blouse with a matching pair of wide-leg trousers. Both garments were new and by Gabriela Hearst. The blouse was called the "Cruz" Shirt in Dark Cognac, while the trousers were the "Maura" Pants in Dark Cognac. Rania wore the blouse with the collar open a little, and it was made from a silky material. READ MORE: William has new 'wingman' after Harry 'incinerated' relationship The trousers were also silky and wide-leg. They featured a belt too, cinching in the waist. On the designer's website, the trousers were described as "a perfect twist on our classic Gabriela Hearst Vesta pant". "Finished with a hand blanket-stitch detail, an easy, elegant style is created with a high-waist that opens up into a fuller leg shape," the description added. The garment currently retails for $1,490, which is currently equivalent to £1,209.731. Meanwhile, the shirt is currently on sale for $1,090, or £884.971. The shirt's description read: "The Cruz Shirt commands authority with its proud collar and high neckline. The cuff is punctuated with a signature graphic button-through tab." Rania also carried a bag the same colour as her outfit. It was called the Flamingo Shoulder Bag in Dark Rust, by major fashion designer Loewe. As Rania's blouse was open, one could see that she was wearing a gold chain around her neck. It seemed chunky and chain-like. As for her shoes, the Queen donned a pair of brown, suede heels. The royal's hair was down in its usual wavy style, and she wore minimal make-up. Rania enhanced her natural features with a little eyeshadow, mascara, and bronzer. Queen Rania had a busy month over the course of January and was seen at various engagements. Two weeks ago, the royal visited Abu Dhabi, wearing a beautiful white, summery dress. The dress was the Oscar De La Renta Magnolia Guipure Lace Dress and was also a new purchase. It has long sleeves, a cut-out, lace design, and a thick white belt around its waist.