Barely a month into 2023, and already the tensions between LIV Golf's stars and the PGA Tour faithfuls are reaching new heights. And that relationship could be set to fracture further after Phil Mickelson hinted it won't be long until he can share some details concerning his ex-employers. Former PGA favourite Mickelson already hinted this week that he would shed new light on the biggest furore in golf but is restricted in what he's legally allowed to reveal at present. Speaking to reporters at the PIF Saudi International, 'Lefty' said he "has to be very careful" about the details he divulges. "I can’t say all the things I want to say yet," said 'Lefty'. "But maybe this year I’ll be able to. I’ll have that freedom when some of these things going on off the course get settled and become more transparent. When you have characters in the game, when you have controversy in the game, I think it creates a lot more excitement, a lot more awareness.” The 52-year-old was more confident in when he'd be able to deliver those specifics during a social media exchange with golf writer Mark Eglington the following day. Eglington sung the praises of the LIV defector and tweeted: "One of these days people will realise that Phil Mickelson is the PGA Tour whistleblower we all needed." READ MORE: Patrick Reed fiercely hits back at 'tree-gate' controversy and refuses to confess to error   The Scot also implored his followers to 'do their research' in regards to the PGA's history of lobbying on behalf of its players, specifically effort to secure certain tax exemptions as far back as 2004. Mickelson replied to the tweet and wrote: "That day will be later this year when all of it is brought to light and it won’t have to be from me." The response appears to hint Mickelson will 'blow the whistle' on certain details while simultaneously suggesting he won't play a direct hand in said exposition. There's no clear indication as to what's preventing the veteran from spilling the beans sooner rather than later, though there's a good chance it's due to legal proceedings currently taking place that involve him, the PGA Tour and LIV Golf.   Mickelson helped prise open the proverbial floodgates for a PGA exodus when it came to light in early 2022 that he would be leaving the organisation for Saudi-funded LIV. Author Alan Shipnuck published remarks made by the six-time major-winner around the same time, in which he referred to the Saudis as "scary mother****ers to get involved with" and was candid regarding his hopes of reshaping how the PGA operated. Whatever the reason may be for Mickelson's secrecy, it won't be long at all before the wider golf community discovers just what cards he's holding so close to his chest. The riddle may still require some deciphering, however, as Lefty may not be the one with their lips to the whistle when it finally sounds.