European citizens have ridiculed UK shoppers by sharing photographs of supermarket shelves full of fresh fruits and vegetables as Britain struggles to meet the demand. Supermarkets in the UK are facing an acute shortage of fresh fruits and vegetables over the last few days with shelves in major stores lying empty. Tesco, Aldi, Asda and Morrisons have introduced shopper restrictions on certain fresh produce to meet the supply and demand logistics. The UK's biggest supermarket brought in a limit of three items per customer on tomatoes, peppers, and cucumbers as a precautionary measure. However, shoppers online were left in dismay after the photos of the European markets running full to the brim appeared on social media. Many believe that the problem is a consequence of Brexit.    One aggrieved shopper wrote: "I’ve been to five supermarkets in the city of London and I could not find tomatoes. Brexit opportunities. Having no food." Another said: "Gaslighting us all. Europe has no problem with tomatoes or any other veg." In an attempt to settle the debate, Simply Red singer Mick Hucknall took to Twitter and urged his followers in mainland Europe to share pictures of their supermarket shelves. He wrote: "For the sake of balanced fairness can some of our mainland European friends pls post photos of their supermarket food shortages? Tx in advance. #BrexitBenefits". READ MORE: Shamima Begum will not be able to return to UK, court rules  The thread quickly became flooded with images of shelves packed with fresh fruit and vegetables, as one person wrote: "Shelves brimming here in Italy this morning". Another tweeted: "Certainly no shortage of produce in Southern Spain due to 'bad weather' (eh??) "Have travelled extensively over the last 5 weeks between Alicante and Almeria. All supermarkets (have shopped most days in Mercadona, Consum, Carrefour etc) crammed with fresh fruit and veg." A third wrote alongside a photo of stocked shelves: "Taken in my local Billa store 15 mins ago. Also spoke to the manager... NO SUPPLY ISSUES on fruit & veg." DON'T MISS:Salman Rushdie blasts Roald Dahl rewrites as ‘absurd censorship’  [INSIGHT]Ex-soldier celebrates as he strikes gold in Birmingham river [REVEAL]Brazil landslide kills at least 36 and left hundreds homeless  [SPOTLIGHT] The shortage was first witnessed when the supermarkets failed to meet the demand for tomatoes and it later widened to other fruit and vegetables due to a combination of bad weather and transport problems in Africa and Europe. Recently, Environment Secretary Therese Coffey told farmers "we can't control the weather in Spain" when confronted with the news that supermarkets were limiting sales of fruit and vegetables. The British Retail Consortium says supermarkets are working with farmers "to ensure that customers are able to access a wide range of fresh produce". 