A six-year-old boy saved his father's life after he had a cardiac arrest at their family home. William McKeever, from Darlington, was at home with his 60-year-old Glyn Byard when he realised his father was not in good health. Glyn went into cardiac arrest on November 18 2022, but William acted quickly. He went straight to his neighbours to get help. North East Ambulance Service (NEAS) hailed William for his bravery and his life-saving actions. Paramedic Charlotte Cooper said: "I hope William will feel proud as if he hadn’t got help when he did, his dad would not be with us today." Clinical care assistant Sally Scott added: "His actions without doubt helped save his dad’s life." William's mother, Philippa McKeever, was at work when Glyn suffered the cardiac arrest. She got a phone call from her husband telling her he was unwell before the phone line went dead. Fortunately, William was able to quickly alert his neighbour Chris Gray. Chris said: "I was working from home when William knocked on the door saying his dad wanted me. "When I got into the house it quickly became apparent that Glyn needed urgent medical help. I rang for an ambulance and asked William to wait in another room." After phoning 999, Mr Gray managed to keep William's dad alive by the call operative talking him through how to perform CPR until the ambulance arrived. Mr Gray said: "I’ve had first aid training previously but nothing prepares you for having to perform CPR on another person. "Whilst it was very traumatic, I take pride in knowing that I helped save another life and the experience will stay with me forever." Glyn added: "I’m so lucky William and Chris were there and acted with such courage." Clinical care assistant Sally Scott and paramedic James Devine were the first to arrive at the scene followed by paramedic Charlotte Cooper. Ms Scott said: "William showed great bravery seeking help when his dad became poorly. "He acted in a manner well beyond his age." The crew treated Mr Byard and shocked him six times to bring him back to life. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak mocked for hole in shoe during Darlington appearance Ms Cooper said: "Glyn was at a very high risk of going into cardiac arrest again. "Early help and early CPR are what helped him that day. "I still look back at the job and remember how amazed I was he was able to recognise his dad needed help at such a young age." William's mum, Philippa, added: "When I got home William reassured me. He said: 'It’s alright Mummy, Daddy is breathing on his own. Can I still go to the school disco?' "He was totally unphased. I owe so much to Chris and William. Without their bravery, Glyn wouldn’t be here." Philippa said she will be eternally grateful to the ambulance crew, 999 call handlers, doctors and nurses who saved her partner. Glyn was in hospital for seven days before returning home. He has recovered well since the health scare. William's mum added: "It’s meant the world for us to meet these life-saving heroes. William is very proud, and we are of him, to receive this award."