Russia’s airborne forces lost “40-50 percent of its staff” between February and September last year, a former Moscow military press official has said, as the Kremlin continues to hide its total losses sustained in Ukraine since the invasion. The airborne forces, known as the VDV, are a highly specialised Russian military outfit that led the invasion efforts from the outset of the war, spearheading the failed attempt to take Kyiv in February and March. Mikhail Zvinchuk, a former military press official and creator of the Rybar channel on Telegram, told Russian state TV that the reason members of the VDV are no longer seen on the frontlines is that so many of them were killed in those first few months of offensives. Mr Zvinchuk said: “Many are saying that you can’t see the airborne troops on the frontline. Unfortunately, this is the objective reality – by the start of mobilisation, our airborne forces lost 40-50 percent of staff. “As of now, out of the old and tested formations with designated equipment, not that many are remaining.” While it was known that the VDV suffered heavy losses in the first few months of the war, the scale of the losses had not been published by Russia. The last time the Kremlin commented on the total number of Russian soldiers killed in Ukraine was September when they suggested only 5,937 had died. The latest Ukrainian figures suggest the true number of Russian soldiers that have died during the conflict is 128,420. The VDV was made up of roughly 45,000 soldiers, most of whom were on professional contracts, prior to the invasion of Ukraine. If the comments by Mr Zvinchuk hold up, that would make the Kremlin’s latest estimations on Russian deaths in Ukraine inaccurate by at least four-fold. That does not take into consideration the fact that tens of thousands of Russian soldiers external to the VDV were killed in those first six months. READ MORE: NATO's dire warning over China supporting Russia despite war [LIVE] Among those from the VDV who died early in the war were Lt-Col Sergei Moskvichev, 45, who was buried with full military honours after his body took three months to retrieve. Another was Col. Andrei Vasilyev, 49, commander of the 137th Guards Airborne Regiment, based in Ryazan. Also killed was Colonel Maxim Kudrin, in his late 30s, a deputy commander in the 106th Tula Airborne Division for Armaments. Multiple graves of airborne troops have recently been seen in cities like Ryazan and Tula, which are closely associated with the elite forces. DON'T MISS: Russian mercenary claims deserters are shot and thrown into graves [REVEAL] Leaked document shows Russia’s early plans for Ukraine invasion [REPORT] Putin's Ukraine mercenary tactics echo Stalin orders  [REPORT]  The BBC Russian Service previously reported the loss of more than 900 special forces soldiers, paratroopers, marines and pilots in September. The elite paratroopers are distinguished by their blue berets and white-and-blue striped undershirts. They have a “fearsome reputation for toughness and unflinching violence”, according to The Telegraph’s Moscow correspondent James Kilner. The British Ministry of Defence suggested Russia likely “redeployed major elements of the VDV” to the Donbas, eastern Ukraine, following the retreat from the southern port city of Kherson in November. In their November 24 daily update, they wrote: “Potential operational tasks for the VDV include supporting the defence of the Kremina-Svatove area in Luhansk Oblast or reinforcing offensive operations against the Donetsk Oblast town of Bakhmut.” READ NEXT: Ukraine on high alert as Russia plans 'major escalation of war'Boris ‘top of Putin’s hit-list’ as former PM told to up securityDramatic moment Russian soldiers are wiped out by ‘death ray’ weaponBiden refuses to send F16 Jets to Ukraine as Russia steps up attacks Wagner group and Chinese spies plot against Ukraine