Over the past few months, EastEnders viewers have seen Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) have an endless amount of stress on her plate from struggling to make ends meet to dealing with her 12-year-old Lily (Lilia Turner) falling pregnant. However, when the 34-year-old spoke about her on-screen daughter, the BBC soap star sang her praises. At the start of the year, EastEnders viewers were speechless when it was revealed Stacey’s young daughter was pregnant. The pre-teen had been rushed to hospital with suspected Carbon Monoxide poisoning following stomach pains. After a series of scans and tests it was confirmed Lily was expecting a baby, with fans later learning the father was teen Ricky Jr (Frankie Day). Revealing she wanted to keep the baby, Lily briefly considered moving to Wakefield with her estranged dad Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) to unload more financial stress on her mum. READ MORE:Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed'   Although after hearing the way Ryan spoke to Stacey, Lily stood up for her mum in true Slater family-style and it was decided she’d stay in Walford. Touching on working alongside the young actress throughout her emotional storyline, soap legend Lacey had plenty of kind words to say. She commented: “Oh she’s amazing! She is such a talented young actress. “She just has this incredible and natural instinct to react which, I feel is really rare, but she just has it.   “She’s so clever and makes really good choices as an actress. She challenges me too which is lovely, it’s nice to have a challenge. “When we’re working together it sort of feels like real life. You forget you’re acting.” Over the past few months, Stacey has continued to feel the financial strain which resulted in her taking up two jobs to be able to put food on the table. When Lacey was asked how she thinks her character will cope in the future to relieve some of the money struggles, the 34-year-old attributed it to her strong-willed attitude. DON'T MISS... Love Island feud ignites as Jessie Wynter and Casey O'Gorman clash [LOVE ISLAND] Coronation Street fans ‘fuming’ as Carla Connor makes Stephen u-turn [SOAP] Tom Daley’s appearance distracts The One Show fans [REACTION]    She added: “She’s not a quitter, so she’ll keep trying and keep going until she physically can’t do anymore. “I think for her, as long as her kids have eaten, they’re warm and they’re clothed, then she’s happy and everything else doesn’t really matter.” Although things may get easy for Stacey throughout the year, viewers know she’s going to somehow be involved in a future murder which will take part during the upcoming Christmas special. In a future scene, Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Denise Fox (Diane Parish), Stacey, Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) and Suki Kaur Panesar were all in the Queen Vic with a dead body on the floor.    With the identity of the person unknown, EastEnders showed viewers a glimpse of someone in a suit with cufflinks indicating the victim was a male. As the six women were surrounded by fairy lights with Christmas music playing, Sharon was wearing a wedding dress, Denise was holding a broken bottle of wine and Stacey’s hands were covered in blood. EastEnders executive producer, Chris Clenshaw revealed there are clues in the scene alluding to who the victim was. He told fans the six women will all have big stories over the next 10 months, each involving potential victims. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm. 