A man took savage revenge on a fellow aeroplane passenger who stole his pre-booked seat and refused to get up when he pointed it out. The man had a ticket for an aisle seat but, when he boarded the plane, he found a "twenty-something woman" had already bagged his spot. He told her she was "probably in the wrong seat" but she declined to move - although her seat was the one directly behind. So the man sat there and decided to "kick her seat violently" every two minutes throughout the flight from Florida to California. Sharing his dilemma on Reddit, the man pointed out the passenger "got absolutely no sleep" due to his antics. Other Reddit users blasted the woman for her "rudeness," Mirror reports. Recalling the confrontation, the man posted: "After a 15-second stare down I say 'well?' and she says she is 'comfortable already' and 'not moving' and 'wants to sleep' blah blah. "Okay, I see how it is. Real dumb to put someone upset with you in the seat behind you. "I proceeded to set a silent timer on my phone that went off every two minutes to remind myself to kick her seat, violently, and then every time the seat belt sign went off I'd get up, grabbing the top of the seat to lift myself up pulling her seat back and forth and one time (accidental but worth it) pulled her hair she put over the back of the seat. "Safe to say she had lots of extra 'turbulence' and got absolutely no sleep. There were MANY death stares and head turns. Each time I would just smile and wave. I knew she wouldn't say anything either because she is not even supposed to be in that seat anyways. Happy travels."   Some Reddit users backed the man but others said he should have talked to a flight attendant. One person commented: "Smart move. Better her be in front of you than vice-versa, and just the right dose of petty revenge." Another argued: "Nah, sorry man but you gotta call the flight attendant. They'll take care of it for you. If she tries to pull something on you then you can call the attendant back. Best case scenario, the flight attendant will actually upgrade you if possible." A third joked: "I'd have said, 'Well since you're in my seat, I'm gonna sit there anyway', and proceed to sit in her lap." 