A stunning portrait of Kate Middleton will be displayed at an exhibition next month. The painting of the Princess of Wales is under the title “The Joys of Being British”.  The art gallery announced the news on its website and wrote: “Fresh from completing his commission of His Majesty Sultan Ibrahim of Johor and painting Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales, this exhibition of the paintings of British artist Francis Salvesen includes many of our British traditions: Animals and Birds, Landscapes and Seascapes, Dance and Sport. “They are all things bright and beautiful. “Each painting has an accompanying poem, detailing the artist's inspiration. “The paintings are all for sale at an affordable price.”   Meanwhile, the Princess of Wales has launched her new initiative focused on early childhood development earlier this week. She launched a brand new Instagram account - and it features stunning photos and behind-the-scenes videos. The new page is for The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood - and will feature all of Kate's work on the early years, including her brand new Shaping Us campaign. The launch of the Instagram page, which has the handle @earlychildhood and so far over 35,000 followers, coincides with the launch of Kate's "life’s work", an ambitious campaign aimed at raising the profile of the early years development of children. READ MORE: Queen Victoria's funeral 'chaos' and instructions she left servants  Kate wants the project called Shaping Up to highlight the significance of the formative years of a child’s life. In a speech made on Monday night at Bafta's London HQ, the princess said: "The campaign is fundamentally about shining a spotlight on the critical importance of early childhood and how it shapes the adults we become. "During this time we lay the foundations and building blocks for life. "And it is when we learn to understand ourselves, understand others and understand the world in which we live. DON'T MISS:Spotify boss accepts he ‘over invested’ in deals [REVEAL]Bed blocking at record levels as 14,000 fine to be discharged [INSIGHT]Charles could seem ‘weak’ if he agrees to Harry’s demands, expert say  [SPOTLIGHT] "This is why it is essential to not only understand the unique importance of our earliest years but to know what we can all do to help raise future generations of happy, healthy adults." Earlier this week, she marked the start of the landmark project by visiting Leeds, famed for its Child-Friendly Leeds initiative, and toured its Kirkgate Market to meet stall holders and the public to hear their views about her project. 