Sarah Beeny has been receiving chemotherapy treatment after she was diagnosed with breast cancer - the same disease that tragically killed her mother when she was just 10 years old. The 51-year-old property expert appeared in a snap taken from her hospital bed, with new ink markings on her chest which her sons joked were "tattoos". Only last year, followers avidly watched her TV show, Sarah Beeny's New Life In The Country, which depicted her making palatial renovations to her new stately home. On Thursday, her sons posted a picture update to honour their mum which saw the now bald TV star posing with visible markings on her chest. They shared the post via the Instagram page for their musical group, The Entitled Sons. The four Somerset-based brothers, who have formed the group along with their dad, cracked a joke by writing alongside the photo: "Mum finally got some tattoos! READ NOW: Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death "Thank you so much to @rovalmarsdennhs and @yeovil_hospital_nhs for taking such amazingly brilliant care of her." One of their followers reassured the family that she'd had a great experience with the care at Royal Marsden Hospital. Addressing Sarah directly, she exclaimed: "You've got this! You're in the best hospital in the UK for this - they did remarkable things for a friend of mine who had seven tumours on the brain. He survived!!" @angiesims123 also offered her support, writing: "Sending love and healing to your mum and to you lovely boys. Your mum is bloody amazing!" Meanwhile, Sarah herself divulged last week that she had just finished her latest round of chemotherapy. She had been forced to delay last year's treatment sessions after tests discovered that her white blood cell count was too low to risk continuing. Her liver levels had also caused concern for appearing to be too high. "Not sure what is making the sun shine the most – 2 days into steroids (happy pills!!!) – no more chemo or @the_entitled_sons releasing their best song yet…" she shared in a supportive post that included her pleasure about her sons DON'T MISS... Fern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celeb [LATEST] Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE] BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW]  'YES Friday IS a good day xx #finishedchemo #HEAVENKNOWS @nickyjohnston," she continued on her Instagram page. Sarah also received the positive news that there is an 80 percent chance she would be cured and the cancer had not spread further than her breasts. Her mother hadn't been so fortunate, dying at the age of 39 after her own breast cancer spread and entered her brain. Sarah subsequently admitted that she'd had a "little bit of a breakdown" in the consultation room as she'd been so overcome with emotion. "You don't understand. I have waited 40 years to hear those words. I knew I was going to hear it one day," she recalled at the time of her diagnosis. She was given the news after finding a lump and receiving a biopsy. Following her diagnosis, Sarah has been working with Cancer Research UK to raise awareness about the disease. Sarah is also filming a documentary with Channel 4 about her experience.