As Weston McKennie embarks on a new adventure at Leeds United, the American has revealed a hysterical Cristiano Ronaldo tale from the pair's days at Juventus together. The pair spent two seasons as team-mates together in the Serie A from 2020 to 2022, with the duo seemingly striking up a lighthearted relationship as Ronaldo affectionately called him "Texas boy". Now, in a behind-the-scenes video from Leeds United, the West Yorkshire club's newest arrival spoke of an example of his and five-time B'allon d'Or winner's humourous rapport. As he put on his new crisp white strip before being presented at Elland Road, the 24-year-old from Fort Lewis, recalled: "He was getting a massage and I was walking by and said, 'Oh my gosh, your feet look terrible. He said, 'Friend, these feet are worth €1bn.' I said, 'You right, respect.'' While the Portuguese talisman's valuation may have been off, there could have been some truth behind his tongue-in-cheek comment. In 2009, it was reported that Real Madrid insured his legs for an eye-watering €111m (£100m) after a knee injury to their star man. MUST READ: Leeds produced masterstroke on deadline day despite Nicolo Zaniolo blank Both McKennie and Ronaldo are beginning new challenges this year, with Ronaldo heading to Saudi Arabia to become the highest-paid footballer in the world as a member of Al Nassr. McKennie, meanwhile, has become the latest American to join Leeds, where he will now play alongside Tyler Adams and Brenden Aaronson under Jesse Marsch. Ronaldo and Al Nassr are set to face Al Fateh this weekend, while McKennie could make his Leeds debut on Sunday against Nottingham Forest. Earlier this week, Leeds struck an agreement for a loan with an option to pay £35m for McKennie. He will take the No 28 shirt. The deal also a includes a £1.3m loan fee. DON'T MISS...Man Utd are still putting eggs in De Jong basket despite Sabitzer dealTottenham axe Doherty before Atletico move due to niche transfer ruleMan Utd 'want three summer signings' as Ten Hag plots more action Ahead of McKennie's signing on deadline day, Clinton Morrison told Sky Sports News that Leeds signing McKennie on a loan-to-buy deal from Juventus is the best of the entire January window. "I’m thinking outside the box, I’m thinking Weston McKennie, he is outstanding," said the former Crystal Palace forward. He added: "I saw him play at the World Cup, playing with his mate Tyler Adams, coming in from Juventus. I think he will be a good signing for Leeds." Leeds, in 15th place, are just one point above the relegation zone and are winless in their last six Premier League matches.