Changing bedding is a laborious task that can take a while, especially if you’re changing the sheets on a large bed without any help. With sleep experts confirming that we should be cleaning our bed sheets once a week, how can you make the weekly chore of putting your duvet cover on or stopping your sheets from slipping easier? Marks and Spencer Home Insider, Lydia Lloyd, has shared her three go-to bedding hacks for putting duvet covers on, stopping sheets from slipping off the bed and making your bed look like it belongs in a five-star hotel. Many of us are looking for quick ways to effectively put our bedding sets onto our duvets and pillows without it taking an age. Lydia’s method, which she calls the “burrito roll” method allows homeowners to put their double duvet covers on with ease. Lydia explained her “quick and easy” method in a video on her Instagram account, @marksandspencer_lydia. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito She said: “Lay your duvet cover inside out on the bed and place your duvet directly on top. Then roll the bed set cover and your duvet together towards the bottom of the bed and fold the corners of the cover over the rolled bedding. “Finally, fasten the buttons of your cover and unroll your bedding, flip the duvet over so it's facing the correct way.” Lydia showed her followers the method using her double duvet but she said the hack is “especially handy if you have a king size duvet”. The video was praised by social media users said they “loved” the method. Sophie Greenwood commented: “Lydia, this is witchcraft!!!! Love it.” While @renovation_at_5a replied: “Love it Lydia.” DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [UPDATE]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [ANALYSIS] There’s nothing worse than slipping into bed at night only for your fitted sheet to slip off the corners of the bed. Furthermore, it seems many Britons are experiencing the same problem as searches for “bed sheets that stay on” have risen by 20 percent in the past month. In a video accompanied by her dog Mali, Lydia shared her go-to hack for ensuring sheets stay on the bed. She explained: “To ensure your bed sheets stay on the bed, opt for a deep fitted sheet as the extra material in the sizing will reduce the risk of it slipping off the corners of the bed. Remember to tuck the sheets properly under the bed. “Keep creases out of your sheets and bedding by spraying them with a drop of fabric softener mixed with water and smoothing them over with your hand. READ MORE: ‘Best cure’ to eliminate ‘sour smells’ from laundry - ‘works miracles’ “Plump the pillows and the duvet to get that cloudy look that you just want to dive straight into. “Fold the top of the duvet cover and throw on a blanket to layer onto the bed. Add a couple of cushions in front of your pillows for a finishing touch.” Many of us are dreaming of a cosy night at a five-star hotel this winter as searches for “what duvet do hotels use” are up by 40 percent. Rather than visiting a hotel to experience a luxurious bed, you can re-create a similar feel at home. Lydia explained: “To recreate the quality of hotel bedding, start with the basics and opt for 100 percent cotton sheets. The higher the thread count, the finer and softer the weave is. “For that plump look and feel, opt for a feather-filled double duvet and pillow. duck and goose feathers are the best for a soft and warm quality. “Everyone has different sleep temperatures so the tog of the duvet is dependent on your personal preference but it’s useful to know that the higher the tog, the warmer the duvet is. “To finish off, use a scented sleep spray for your linens to get that calming smell.”