Exploring the complex bonds of loyalty and family, the upcoming BBC drama Better will see DI Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad) have an epic battle towards redemption as she tries to bring down Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan), despite their strong connection. Speaking about working alongside each other, Andrew had nothing but praise for his co-star. The BBC has teased Better is set in a world where everyone has their own version of right and wrong as DI Lou has to battle with her own conscience.Helping to put him at the head of Leeds criminal underworld nearly two decades ago, Col has become a dangerous enemy to make after years of becoming rich and powerful.Forming that special bond all those years ago, the detective's failing career turned around and her gradual slide into corruption began.However, when tragedy strikes her family she’s forced to question her morals and wonder if she’s able to reverse everything she’s done. READ MORE:Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star When speaking about having to build the two characters' symbiotic relationship on-screen, actor Andrew Buchan spoke highly of his co-star Leila Farzad.He commented: “Leila was terrific. She's just effortless. She was a complete professional and a joy to work with.“She brought something new and interesting to every scene.“She gives the role brilliant weight and intensity. All her scenes were exciting and brilliant." Similarly, Leila paid homage to Andrew as she admitted she felt lucky to work with him each day when filming.She added: “We never worked together before. He's a dream to work with.“He's utterly open and generous and so highly skilled at what he does. I felt very lucky to be working with him on set every day.”Andrew, who is best known for starring in Broadchurch, The Honourable Woman and ABC Murders, revealed what drew him to play Col in the BBC thriller as the role is unlike anything he’s played before. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife fans fume over delay as character's life in balance [REACTION] Phillip Schofield jokes 'shut your face' after Holly age probe [VIDEO] Dancing on Ice's Mollie Gallagher on ‘hardest part’ of ITV show [INSIGHT] Calling the criminal “complex”, Andrew confessed he found the character challenging to portray.He commented: “Col McHugh is a very complex, flawed individual, who has had a childhood littered with deprivation and humiliation.“He's been raised by an alcoholic father which has thrown fuel on his fire and given him a drive in life because he doesn't want to become his dad.“So that's what propels him forward; this reluctance to emulate or become part of the circle of his family. “So, with all that in mind, I found him brilliantly challenging to play, and complex and difficult.”Better will air weekly on Monday evenings on the BBC, although every episode will be made available to stream on BBC iPlayer.Other stars featuring in the crime drama include Samuel Edward-Cook as Ceri Davies, Carolin Stoltz as Alma, Zak Ford-Williams as Owen, Kaya Moore as Noel Wilkes and Anton Lesser as Vernon.A synopsis for the upcoming episode reads: “After her son almost dies, corrupt detective Lou Slack attempts to make amends for her misdeeds but realises she must betray the dangerous drug baron she has been working for.”Better airs Monday, February 13 from 9pm on BBC One.