From using less energy to slashing their weekly grocery shop, people have been cutting back on everyday essentials, and even more, people have stopped spending on luxuries, like beauty treatments and holidays. Previously, when cutting back on luxuries, individuals would see some financial gain and the strain ease. Unfortunately, in the current crisis, this isn’t the case. This is what is known as "inflation creep" - your standard of living declines as inflation increases. It’s likely that you are familiar with "lifestyle creep" that occurs when your standard of living improves as your income increases. During this period, your luxuries become necessities and eventually your spending habits become normalised. It’s common to find that your credit card bills are stacking up and your saving account is getting smaller. The reverse is inflation creep, where all your usual expenses have now become unaffordable.We have started seeing more people make significant lifestyle changes to adapt to the rising cost of living and inflation rates, in an attempt to reduce their spending and outgoings. Below are some tips on how you can manage inflation creep. Creating a budget can help you gain more control over your finances, help you plan for expenses and avoid overspending. The first step is to determine your income and your outgoings, like rent, household bills, loans and other essential expenses.Look at previous months to work out your typical monthly expenditure and spot any areas where you may be overspending. At this stage, you can look to see if you can cut back in any area, for example, you could look for cheaper broadband or entertainment providers.Tracking your expenses is a great way to monitor your spending and save money. Stores, apps and banks offer benefits that allow users to earn money back on their purchases with cashback schemes. Many cash-back sites will partner with big retailers like Amazon and more to provide deals and discounts on items - on which shoppers can earn money back on.Loyalty cards like the Nectar card, Boots Advantage Card, Tesco Clubcard and more offer promotional offers to shoppers, and reward them with points and money off when spending in-store or online. Before making a purchase, check to see if the retailer has a loyalty scheme. With the price of everyday items increasing, it's important to assess whether your monthly outgoings, like Netflix and gym memberships, are worth the monthly cost going forward. If you are paying for a TV subscription that you are barely using, it is worth cancelling to save money or find an alternative, cheaper package. If you’re treating yourself to a well-deserved takeaway or a new top online, before clicking ‘checkout’, it’s always worth a search on voucher sites for any discount codes or free delivery incentives that could knock your basket price down.Also, always check your emails for any promotional vouchers that may have been sent following your last order. Often, delivery couriers will offer customers small incentives ahead of their next purchase, to retain their loyalty and avoid them being tempted to order elsewhere. Normally, supermarket workers will start discounting products that are about to pass their sell-by-date later on in the afternoon or early evening, so a food shop after work is the perfect time to grab a bargain. Many supermarkets also have clearance sections, where products that cannot be sold at their RRP or may have damaged packaging, can be found. One way to save and avoid overspending is to recognise your triggers. A spending trigger is a feeling or situation that makes your feel more tempted to send money. This can be anything from stress to social pressure and being influenced by social media. When you feel tempted to spend money, write down what factor prompts you to reach for your wallet.