Showtime’s hit drama Billions will return to screens this year, with Bobby ‘Axe’ Axelrod (played by Damian Lewis) in tow. The actor has lifted the lid on his major comeback after previously leaving the show in 2021.  The actor made a shock announcement during his recent appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. After discussing his upcoming drama, A Spy Among Friends, Damian confirmed: “Bobby’s back.” As the studio audience roared excitedly, the actor added: “He’s coming back. “Axe is back and it’s exciting, he’s not been around for a couple of seasons, but he is back.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed'  After Stephen probed: “When?” Damian refused to open up, as he hit back: “I can’t tell you that.”Damian starred as Axe for the first five seasons of Billions before stepping away from the role to spend time with his family. While he decided against renewing his five-year contract, Damian’s wife, actress Helen McCrory tragically died from breast cancer in 2021. At the time, he took to Twitter to confirm his departure and thanked fans and bosses for their support.  Damian wrote: “Thank you @SHO_Billions thank you @briankoppelman @DavidLevien. “A pleasure and a privilege to play Axe for five seasons with some of the smartest, funniest most talented cast and crew I’ve worked with. “I’ll miss the Billions family. Yep, some jobs are more than just a job…. Love.” While the announcement left fans saddened, Billions continued with Mike Prince (Corey Stoll) as the main antagonist. DON'T MISS...BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [REACTION]Billions season 7: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]Why is Damian Lewis not in Billions season 6? [INSIGHT]  Fans will recall, during the season five finale, Axe had settled down in Europe without his considerable fortune. However, fans will have to tune in to see how Axe will make his long-awaited comeback to the complicated world of wealth and success. Although a release date for season seven has yet to be announced, it could be sooner than later as Billions has been in production since November 2022. Showtime also shared some major insight into the instalment as they revealed: “In season seven, alliances are turned on their heads. “Old wounds are weaponized. Loyalties are tested. Betrayal takes on epic proportions. “Enemies become wary friends. And Bobby Axelrod returns, as the stakes grow from Wall Street to the world.” Damian will star alongside Paul Giamatti, Corey Stoll, Maggie Siff, David Costabile, Asia Kate Dillon, Condola Rashad, Jeffrey DeMunn, Sakina Jaffrey, and Daniel Breaker.  Billions seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Showtime in the USA and on Paramount Plus in the UK. 