Tom Sizemore, 61, has been on life support and has not woken up from his coma since he suffered a brain aneurysm on February 18. The Saving Private Ryan actor's family have been informed "there is no further hope" for the Hollywood star. Tom's family are in the process of making an "end of life decision" for the actor, according to a letter obtained by Variety. That statement, written by Tom's manager Charles Lago reads: "Doctors informed his family that there is no further hope and have recommended an end of life decision. "The family is now deciding end-of-life matters and a further statement will be issued on Wednesday." The statement concluded: "We are asking for privacy for his family during this difficult time and they wish to thank everyone for the hundreds of messages of support, and prayers that have been received. READ MORE: EastEnders star Charlie Brooks loses battle with neighbours "This has been a difficult time for them." The Saving Private Ryan actor collapsed in his Los Angeles home, and once he arrived at the hospital, it was determined that he had suffered a brain aneurysm as a result of a stroke. The actor has remained in a critical condition ever since and has been placed in a coma in the intensive care unit. Tom's most recent role was in a new indie science fiction film, Impuratus, playing a police detective forced to believe in the supernatural. He rose to fame in the 1990s with films like Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man, Passenger 27 and True Romance. However, he got his big break in Steven Spielberg's 1998 war film Saving Private Ryan, in which he played Technical Sergeant Mike Horvath. The film went on to score a Best Picture nomination at the Academy Awards, leading Tom to go on to work with directors like Martin Scorsese, Ridley Scott and Michael Bay. However, the actor's life has been riddled with scandals, after he battled drug addiction, and had several run-ins with the law. DON'T MISS... Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [INSIGHT] Martin Lewis pokes fun at wife Lara Lewington's career news [COMMENT] Helen Mirren puts on ageless display in tartan trench coat and heels [PICS]  In 2013, he released a tell-all book in which he spoke about his alleged three-year affair with Elizabeth Hurley. In the book, Tom goes into detail about their relationship, admitting he essentially "moved into her room" after the film, Passenger 57 wrapped, which they were both starring in. He was later married to actress Maeve Quinian from 1996 to 1999. Tom's latest project was expected to be released next month, with Tom admitting he signed up because he "enjoyed the script". He said to Age of the Nerd: "It was a period piece, which was interesting, and I really like the people that were involved." Tom also used the opportunity to touch on his 30-year career, attributing his success to his "passion for the work". He said: "I've always loved movies. "That's why I started doing this, and after all these years I still adore movies."