Vin Diesel is slowly but surely bringing an end to the Fast and Furious franchise. Later this year, Fast X will hit cinemas and introduce Aquaman star Jason Momoa as the new villain taking on Diesel's Dominic Toretto. But the American star already has his sights set on the next movie in the series. Diesel recently appeared on a red carpet where he pontificated about what he's planning for the 11th Fast and Furious movie - the final film planned for the series. The 55-year-old star told Variety: "Without telling you too much about what happens in the future, there’s a character who is the antithesis of Dom who is promoting AI and driverless cars and a philosophy that with that goes your freedom." He added that this villain's beliefs are "at direct odds" with Toretto's mentality. And he already has someone in mind for this powerful role. "Without hesitation," Diesel said he would want Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr to play the AI-focussed villain. Diesel was then asked if he had pitched the story and the character to the iconic Marvel actor. He joked: "How dare you ask me this question in front of all these people? I have pride and I have dignity." This would not be the first time a Marvel hero has joined the franchise. Fast X will introduce Tess, a new character played by Captain Marvel star Brie Larson. So if Downey Jr does join the series, it would be a reunion for the two Avengers. DON'T MISS...Ant-Man and The Wasp Quantumania – MCU movies and TV to watch before [INFO]Major Avenger’s death confirmed by Kang in Ant-Man Quantumania clip [CLIP]Ant-Man and the Wasp Quantumania first reactions 'Big Star Wars vibes' [REACTIONS] Momoa's arrival in the franchise is due to cause a stir, as well. Letty star Michelle Rodriguez recently spoke out about the actor joining the series. She explained: "Hell yeah. He’s a playful one, that one. He can be malicious, but he can be playful. So, it’s really exciting to watch. It’s like a new, fresh energy." Rodriguez added: "There’s something charming about him. He does everything with a smirk, and there’s something really cute about that." While Momoa may be all smiles behind the camera, it seems Fast X will be one of the most brutal entries in the series so far. Director Louis Leterrier recently told Empire: "There’s a war brewing. It’s coming to an end, and it is a race to the finish. There will be some tremendous casualties." He vaguely added: "People are going to need to take sides. Alliances will need to be made. Good guys will become bad guys, bad guys will become good guys." At the moment, the franchise will end on Fast 11, but there's still a possibility for spin-offs, so this may not be the last time fans see the family hit the road.