Brighton captain Lewis Dunk insists the squad are fully behind Moises Caicedo following his failed move to Arsenal. The Ecuador international made his first appearance since the saga in Saturday's 1-0 win over Bournemouth. Caicedo was keen on a move to Arsenal and made that clear with a statement on social media. The Gunners saw at least two offers for the midfielder turned down as Brighton insisted he was not for sale. He was banished from the squad for the FA Cup fourth-round tie against Liverpool and told to stay away from the training ground until the window had shut. Dunk understands it is tough for a player to fully focus when there are rumours of a move elsewhere. But he insists the Brighton squad will stick by Caicedo for as long as he is on the south coast. Dunk told talkSPORT: "Obviously it was a difficult situation for him and these things happen in football. READ MORE: Man Utd coach McCarthy married 'Miss Edinburgh' after meeting on advert  "It’s not the first and won’t be the last time players at a football club having this going on over their head. He’s a young boy and we stick with him. "He’s a great lad and obviously a fantastic player. Who knows how long we’ll have him for and we’re grateful to have him for at least the rest of the season and hopefully for longer. "I think it’s a massive statement from the club, standing their ground. Obviously we’ve sold players over the years to bigger clubs but I think it’s a great statement to show that we want to keep him and I think rightly so." Shortly after Arsenal's first offer was rejected, Caicedo released a statement on social media expressing his desire to leave. The Gunners were willing to pay up to £70million for the 21-year-old, which would have been a record sale for Brighton. DON'T MISSMan Utd could be stung by Leeds' Marsch sacking after Arsenal failed to heed warningPogba 'makes feeling clear' on ditching Juventus after Man Utd fans called for returnGreenwood ‘involved in Man Utd exit plan’ as details emerge  Caicedo wrote: "I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. I always play football with a smile and with heart. "I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. "I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 