Prime Video’s new drama series Daisy Jones on the Six is one of the streamer’s most highly anticipated new releases this year after the original novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid skyrocketed to the top of bestseller lists worldwide. Starring Riley Keough in the title role, her co-star Suki Waterhouse had high praise for the granddaughter of Elvis Presley’s lead performance. Actress and model Waterhouse named Keough’s performance as the number one reason for viewers to tune in to Prime Video’s rock ‘n’ roll drama. Daisy Jones and the Six follows the titular Daisy, an aspirational young singer who falls in with an up-and-coming rock band in the 1970s. The 10-part series traces their rise and fall throughout the decade leading to their eventual break-up due to their chaotic life backstage. At the series’ launch in London, Waterhouse paid tribute to leading woman Keough as one of their most important driving forces during filming. READ MORE: Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on Neville's future after betrayal When asked why subscribers should tune in, she said: “I’m going to say for Riley, actually.” Keough was unable to attend the event following the death of her mother Lisa Marie Presley in January this year at the age of 54. However, her central performance as the young rockstar is integral to making sure Reid’s seminal novel was done justice on screen. “Riley Keough, I mean she’s the most unbelievable actress,” Waterhouse continued. “Her voice… She’s marvellous, absolutely marvellous. I would watch it for Riley Keough.” Keough was a natural choice to portray Daisy Jones as she already has a palpable connection to American rock history. Aside from her relation to the King, she has also proven herself to be a major talent for the big and small screen since her film debut at the age of 20. Beginning her career as a model, she gave her first performance in the 2010 film The Runaways, appropriately based on the real-life 1970s rock band of the same name. DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ [LATEST]1923 star admits she's 'confused' by Dutton family tree [INSIGHT]The Equalizer’s Mel star ‘had a bone to pick’ over Robyn fallout [INTERVIEW] She went on to appear in the hit films Magic Mike and Mad Max: Fury Road and indie favourites American Honey, Under the Silver Lake and Zola. Last year, she appeared in another drama for Prime Video, this time the military thriller The Terminal List starring Chris Pratt. Also joining her for the hotly anticipated new series are Sam Claflin, Will Harrison, Josh Whitehouse and Sebastian Chacon as Daisy’s bandmates, as well as guest appearances from Timothy Olyphant. “All you’ve got to do is watch the first episode,” Whitehouse said. “I wanted to watch the second one!” “The series speaks for itself. It’s based on a book which has had enormous success. I’ve never been on something quite like this.” “There’s obviously so much more to come,” Claflin added. “This goes over 10 years, and we’re in year one [in the premiere]. In the sense of the journey that all these characters go on through this era, through this time, there’s a lot to get your teeth stuck into.” Thankfully, viewers can experience the full force of Daisy Jones and the Six as three episodes will be released all at once next Friday. Daisy Jones and the Six premieres Friday, March 3 on Prime Video.