The financial institution shared a list of this month's winners earlier this morning (February 1) with two lucky people taking home the £1million prize. NS&I confirmed the first winner was from Sefton and has a winning bond number of 109ZT548786. Their winning bond was valued at £5,000, purchasing it in May 2006, and had an overall holding of £30,000. In comparison, the second winner was from Sheffield and took home the £1million Premium Bonds prize with a bond number of 109ZT548786. This particular bond was valued at £2,000, being purchased in February 2008, and the holder had an overall holding of just £3,000. Usually two lucky individuals are able to win the top prize every month, with the results of the draw being announced on the first day of the month. Those who do not take home the £1million prize can still have the opportunity to win other cash prizes.  In comparison to other savings products, this offering from NS&I does not pay interest in the same way as accounts do from high street banks and building societies. Savers with Premium Bonds are automatically put into a prize draw every month where two individuals have the opportunity to win a jackpot prize of £1 million. Outside of this lump sum, other prizes for bond holders include £100,000, £50,000 or £25,000, with the smallest prize being £25. At the beginning of every month, the two Premium Bonds jackpot winners are announced by NS&I. Last month, NS&I confirmed the prize rate fund for the savings product would be raised from from 2.20 percent to 3.15 percent for February 2023's draw. With this decision, the prize fund rate is the highest it has been in 14 years. This represents the fourth change in the prize fund rate in the space of a year with it being one percent in May 2022. However, it should be noted that the odds of winning money from Premium will stay fixed at 24,000 to one. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing However, Laura Suter, the head of personal finance at AJ Bell, warned NS&I's latest rate hike could be “misleading” to savers. She explained: “The Premium Bond ‘prize fund rate’ is intended to give savers some comparison with how the account compares to normal savings accounts. “But it could be misleading for many savers, as they might assume this is the average return they will get if they hold the Premium Bonds for a number of years. “In reality, the ‘effective rate’ is the average return you would get based on having average luck in the prize draw. Clearly not everyone has ‘average’ luck, otherwise the prizes would be handed out equally to every saver.” With high street banks and building societies raising interest rates for their savings accounts and ISAs, NS&I has been looking for ways to compete. The multiple changes to the prize fund rate appear to be an attempt to do this, with the financial institution also hiking rates across its other savings products. Speaking in December 2022, NS&I’s chief executive Ian Ackerley said these changes allowed Premium Bonds and other products to be “priced appropriately when compared to the rest of the savings market”. Next month’s Premium Bonds prize draw will be announced by NS&I on Wednesday, March 1, 2023.