Newcastle will reportedly go toe-to-toe with Manchester City for the signing of James Maddison in the summer transfer window after failing with two previous approaches. The Magpies have enjoyed an incredible rise over the last 12 months under Eddie Howe having been involved in a relegation scrap last year.  They've taken the league by storm this year with the likes of Bruno Guimaraes, Miguel Almiron and Kieran Trippier helping Newcastle make a surprise bid for a Champions League spot. Anthony Gordon became the latest big-money signing to arrive at St James' Park to help bolster Howe's attacking options. But it was in midfield where Newcastle were already light of options before Shelvey was allowed to leave on loan to Nottingham Forest. Howe admitted in the final hours of the window that he was hopeful of a replacement being signed, although offered "no guarantee". They ultimately failed to find a deal worth doing before the deadline with the Newcastle boss now forced to utilise the players at his disposal. Sean Longstaff, Joe Willock and Joelinton played in the midfield three against West Ham at the weekend with Guimaraes suspended while Elliot Anderson was the only other natural midfielder on the bench.  Leicester star Maddison was deemed Newcastle's top target last summer, but were put off by the asking price set by the Foxes. With 18 months left on his contract, Newcastle tried again last month but Leicester were unwilling to listen to offers midway through the season. But The Northern Echo claim Newcastle haven't given up hope of bringing Maddison to St James' Park. The report states Newcastle will 'make a renewed attempt' to sign the England international at the end of the season. But it's said that reigning Premier League champions City will also be in the race to sign Maddison this summer. Pep Guardiola is expected to continue the overhaul of his playing squad with Bernardo Silva and Ilkay Gundogan both being linked with moves away from the Etihad.  Newcastle's bid could well come down to whether they're able to offer Champions League football or not. They currently sit fourth in the table with a number of clubs in the race for that final European spot. Howe has admitted that planning is already being done for the summer transfer window, but noted that everything could change quickly. “We would have an idea (of summer targets), but that changes,” said Howe. “That can change in the blink of an eye. If you plan things right, you can look a few months ahead, but you always need to be reactive to what happens on a day-to-day basis as well.”