Manchester United’s official website is still not selling any Mason Greenwood merchandise at a time where the striker’s future is up in the air. The 21-year-old recently had charges dropped against him. And the club have confirmed they’re conducting an investigation behind the scenes as they look to determine their next steps. Earlier in the week, it emerged charges had been dropped against Greenwood. The England international hasn’t played for the club since January last year - yet there’s still no guarantee he’ll wear their red and white colours again. United confirmed they would be investigating the matter in the aftermath of the news, saying in a statement: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. “We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And United’s official website is still not selling any merchandise with Greenwood on it. When his name is entered, a page appears saying: “Sorry, your search for Mason Greenwood did not match any products.” United removed all traces of Greenwood from their online store when news of his arrest broke last year. In the short time since the news Greenwood was now technically free to play football again, several new details have emerged. It was claimed on Friday night that United staff members were split over whether the 21-year-old should be allowed to return to the fold. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Some apparently think it’s best if Greenwood stays away, especially given the club’s impressive season so far. Others, however, think the Red Devils have a ‘duty of care’ - with the striker being on their books since the age of six. It was also reported on Sunday that United players think Greenwood’s potential return would be a ‘distraction’. A source is quoted by The Sun as saying: “The players are open to him returning to the team but the scrutiny could be massively distracting. “The dressing room is the happiest it has been for ages and no one wants to rock the boat.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking before United’s 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace on Saturday, Erik ten Hag shrugged off questions over Greenwood. "No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club." He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit." Greenwood himself, meanwhile, thanked his family and friends for their support during the process. “I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support,” he said. “There will be no further comment at this time.” Greenwood won’t be training or playing for United while they conduct their investigation. His last match for the club was a 1-0 win over West Ham at Old Trafford last year, with Marcus Rashford scoring the winner that day.