Andalucia is one of Spain’s most beautiful regions - and exploring by foot is one of the best ways to discover the prettiest highlights. For intrepid explorers, Involved Holidays' spectacular Andalucia’s Eastern Coast Walking Holiday has it all, including glorious hills, vast mountains, sandy beaches, hidden coves, and the crystal-clear inviting waters of the southern Mediterranean. What else could you ask for in the subtropical climate of the south of Spain? Your base will be the coastal city of Almuñécar, where the Sierras mountains plunge into the sea and you will find no less than 25 wonderful beaches and coves within the local region. It is a city whose Phoenician, Roman, and Moorish past is still evident through its steep historical architecture & cultural references. However the stand out highlight of the trip is the included excursion, where you will visit the famous Alhambra Palace Fortress and Complex in Granada. Locally known as the “The Red One”, it is only a short distance from your hotel. Alhambra was the last city to be surrendered by the Moors in 1492 and will delve into the rich history of the area and include guided tours around the Generalife Gardens, the Summer Palace, Alcazaba, Charles V Palace and the Nasrid Palaces. As well as the spectacular Alhambra complex in Granada, during the holiday you’ll also have the chance to explore beautiful Frigiliana. With its picturesque white buildings and a location on the edge of Pozuelo beach in Tamaray, on the eastern edge of Almuñécar, it’s been hailed as ‘Spain's most beautiful and well-preserved village’. During the getaway you’ll stay at the 4-star Hotel Bahia Tropical, situated on the edge of Pozuelo beach in Tamaray, on the eastern edge of Almuñécar. The hotel offers spacious rooms all with a balcony or terrace and has a large outdoor swimming pool. Prices for the Andalucia’s Eastern Coast Walking Holiday start from £699pp for eight days, departing March to November 2023. Book now at involvedholidays.com. You can choose flights from a number of UK airports including Aberdeen, Belfast, Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, East Midlands, Edinburgh, Glasgow, London Gatwick, Leeds Bradford, Liverpool, Luton, Manchester, Prestwick and Stansted.