Reports in Germany claimed the military alliance has asked Berlin to remain in charge of NATO’s rapid reaction force for an extra year amid concern over the shrinking size of the British Army. In a clear message to armchair critics, Lt Col Hawes declared: “There’s no distraction. “If I ask for it, I get it. I don’t feel like we’ve been under-resourced. Everything has been thrown at making sure we are completely credible.” Senior figures within the unit said soldiers are used to working with limited resources and won’t “cross the line at 100 per cent”. But war requires the “want to fight” and Russian troops are not "up for it" despite outnumbering Ukraine with tanks and artillery systems, British squaddies believe. Major Simon Cox, of 2nd Battalion, the Royal Anglian Regiment, said: “We can talk about tanks, we can talk about artillery, and we have to get all of these things right, but we also need to be in a position where we’ve got blokes ready to fix bayonets on their rifles and jump into a trench and fight someone. “My experience of being a British infantry soldier is that British soldiers are always up for a scrap. “I don’t think there would be many people who say no if we get the call to get on the plane tomorrow to Eastern Europe. I don’t think there would be many people who disappear into the night. The troops will be ready for that. We are focused on being prepared to fight against a nature of warfare and at an intensity that is the highest we could ever be asked to as an infantry group. “This is not at the steady tempo of counter-insurgency. “This is our ability to operate against an enemy that has the same capabilities or even greater capabilities than we do. “My experience of being a British infantry soldier is that British soldiers are always up for a scrap. “I don’t think there would be many people who say no if we get the call to get on the plane tomorrow to Eastern Europe. I don’t think there would be many people who disappear into the night. The troops will be ready for that. “We are focused on being prepared to fight against a nature of warfare and at an intensity that is the highest we could ever be asked to as an infantry group. “This is not at the steady tempo of counter insurgency. “This is our ability to operate against an enemy that has the same capabilities or even greater capabilities than we do. Lt Col Hawes has held meetings with army chiefs across Europe and will refine plans over the coming months to create a deadly fighting force to defend Europe if Vladimir Putin attacks another European country. The battle group commander said “there’s nowhere to hide” during rigorous training exercises that have exposed some weaknesses in the British Army. He said: “Over the last few years, we’ve trained for a character of a conflict – Afghanistan, Iraq, Mali. They require us to subtly change. “The training we have been doing since last year has been to make sure we are ready to fight against a peer enemy force.  “I have had everything they can do to me, done to me. There’s nowhere to hide. Everything our peer enemy could do to me has been done to me. “I’ve operated with every single one of my radio frequencies jammed, I’ve operated with no GPS, I’ve operated at night for long periods of time. “We’ve done training serial after training serial where the best of NATO has come and had a look at what we are doing and provided really constructive criticism to ensure we get better. Where weaknesses have been identified, we’ve been given the time and the training to get better at it.” German media claimed NATO has expressed concern that the UK will not be ready to take over command of the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VTJF) on January 1 2024. Set up in 2014, the unit can be immediately deployed to any crisis. Lt Col Hawes said: “What the Army has asked me to do is master the basics, to become an expert at conventional warfare and it’s taken me through the process of optimisation where I’ve been put under pressure to go faster, to get inside the enemy’s decision-making cycle and to stay inside it. “It’s been a long journey. It’s been a year in the making.  “We feel like we’ve been really invested in. We feel like no stone has been left unturned to make us as good as we can be. “We’re ready now. We’re in Oman, my vehicle fleet is here. Getting it to Germany would be a dream compared to getting it to Oman.” British troops, training alongside the Omani army at the Ras Madrakah joint training area near Duqm, Oman, simulated two “peer forces” fighting in a small town. The Omani Coastal Security Force joined 2nd Battalion, The Royal Anglian Regiment, in the strike against “enemy” troops, simulated by other British soldiers. This included air strikes, artillery bombardments, armoured vehicle assaults and the storming of a town to secure buildings and capture enemy forces. Sources say the British defenders used tactics other “peer threats” would use when defending urban environments. British Army chiefs ordered Lt Col Hawes to spend more time training in specialist protective kit in case Vladimir Putin were to order a nuclear strike on a battlefield. He said: “Chemical, biological, nuclear warfare is something the British Army has talked about for a long time, but I’d argue it was put on the back burner during Afghanistan, Iraq and Mali. “I’ve spent more time in that kit over the last year than I have for the rest of my career put together. “I’ve done planning cycles wearing CBRN kits. I’ve executed exercises wearing CBRN kit.” Amid the international concern over the British Army, the battlegroup commander said the exercise in Oman has demonstrated how far he and his troops have come. He said within 48 hours of receiving orders during the exercise, the infantry were gaining around 60km a day. Every soldier the Daily Express spoke to said the unit would be ready to assume command of the VTJF. Afghanistan and Iraq veteran, Major Simon Cox declared they are "ready to go" due to the strength of the personnel. He said: “We’re a smaller army than we used to be. Soldiers are used to working in slightly more resource-constrained environments, you have to be innovative, but the soldiers also understand, when you really distil down what we do, it’s two people fighting each other. “I have worked with armies all over the World, Europe, Africa, I still think British soldiers are the best soldiers I have ever worked with. I’d go with saying they are the best soldiers in the World. “We’re definitely ready to assume that vanguard position at NATO. Are we going to cross the line at 100 percent? No. "But what organisation ever crosses the line at 100 per cent? You have where you want to be and then the reality. “The reality of where we are, is we are ready to go.” The high level of morale, Major Cox says, is one of the key strengths of the Army. He said: "This time last year everyone thought the Russian army would steamroll through the Ukrainians. "They have tanks and artillery but I'm not sure they're up for it. "You can have all the tanks and artillery in the world but if you're not up for it...the blokes want to be here, they want to fight."