  Sports pundit Gary Lineker, 62, has taken to Twitter to complain about the drawbacks to Brexit once more. The former professional footballer was left feeling frustrated today after getting stuck in a “monster queue” at a European airport.      Gary has been open about his views on Brexit in the past and has often been openly critical of the move. “Another monster queue at customs at a European city next to deserted lanes for EU members,” he wrote. “The delights of Brexit,” he added sarcastically above a picture of the long queue in front of him. Gary’s followers took to the comments section to share their own opinions on his opinion-splitting tweet.    Liam Freeman agreed, writing: “I was talking with some colleagues about this today Gary. What benefits have we got from Brexit? “No free movement, economy in tatters, higher tariffs on imports. If somebody can tell me 3 positives from Brexit, I will send them a score!” While another user under the handle Bonettithecats1 argued: “A mere inconvenience, that’s all it is. “Making it seem like a real issue when it isn’t, what a miserable life you must have. Had three trips into Europe last year, never queued anywhere, straight through quick passport stamp and away.” (sic)      While Gammon LLB added: “Looks like that wherever I go, not a problem.” “So what? Abandon democracy because you have to stand in a queue?!” asked Chris Webb. However, other users reported experiences similar to Gary, with Mark writing: “We went to Cologne on the 26th December last year and it took us an hour to get through customs. “They were checking every price of paperwork and asking questions.” READ MORE... Richard Hammond skewers ‘mean’ Jeremy Clarkson over farm produce [LATEST] Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits [PICTURES] Holly Willoughby almost spilled out of dress in sensational photos [PICTURES]      While Navpreet joked: “Yea but think of all the benefits, think of the sunlit uplands, when you've thought long and hard please let me know what they are as brexiteers still believe it's amazing but won't tell me.” (sic) Back in December, Gary suggested that Brexit has "broken Britain" as he and Nigel Farage clashed on Twitter. The former Brexit Party tweeted “Britain is broken” at the time, to which Gary responded: “You played an important part.” In the run-up to the 2016 referendum, the Match of the Day host threw his weight behind the Remainer camp of the Brexit vote.      Gary previously told TalkRADIO that he had "ummed and ahh-ed about whether to come out as a Remainer" but in the end thought it was the right thing to do. Speaking to Russian sports journalist Maria Komandnaya in 2019 he did admit he understood why people had voted to leave the EU, however. "I understand why we got into this situation, I understand why people voted for Brexit,” he said at the time. "It's because I think they felt disenfranchised, they felt like nobody cared about them, particularly outside of London.”   