Kate, Princess of Wales changes her hair with the seasons, but instead of opting for a radical new look, the royal will subtly change the colour or length; favouring lighter highlights in the summer or occasionally making it shorter. A professional makeup artist has analysed Kate’s previous hairstyles and suggested the Princess has a “two-shade hair dying rule”. Saffron Hughes, who works with FalseEyelashes.co.uk, said: “Kate loves to mix up her hair depending on the season. “In summer, she adds natural honey-toned layers into the do to brighten it for the sun and in winter, returns to her statement chestnut brunette. “Although she clearly embraces change, the Princess never goes more than two shades darker or lighter than her natural colour.” Saffron added: “Your natural hair colour is the most complementary to your skin so sticking to similar colours ensures your hair colour remains the most flattering. READ MORE: Princess Diana didn’t see herself as ‘Queen of country’ - reason “This also means that there’s minimal damage made to the hair as no drastic bleaching is needed for the change between shades.” Kate’s signature hairstyle is the bouncy blow dry which she debuted for her official engagement portraits. Following that, she had a long curtain fringe and layers to frame the face added in, before lightening her hair a shade or two. In 2015, Kate stepped out with a chocolate brown colour and short style, before growing it longer and adding a fringe. DON'T MISS...Aldi announces plans to open 60 new stores across the UK [NEWS]Three steps to achieve ‘sparkling, streak-free’ windows in minutes [EXCLUSIVE]Top picks from Aldi Specialbuys & Lidl’s middle aisle this week [LIST] Then two years later, while attending the Queen's Birthday Party in Berlin, Kate’s dark brown hair was shoulder length, this was then grown longer to the hair length we see today, although some extensions experts suggest the royal has hair extensions to add volume and length. Alongside subtle hair changes, Kate has made a real effort to overhaul her makeup too. Saffron said: “Back in her university years, Kate’s signature look was thick black eyeliner, thinly-plucked eyebrows and a matte complexion. “Over time, the Princess of Wales has ditched tweezers and chose to laminate her brows for a fuller look that takes years off her appearance. READ MORE: Kate subtle fashion changes since becoming Princess spotted “She has also thrown away heavy powders in place of a glowing, tinted moisturiser. “Lastly, thick eyeliner has been swapped for a smokey eye look that widens the eyes instead. “Kate is a glowing example of acknowledging what works in our 20s, might not work as well for our complexions as we grow older,” the makeup expert added. Saffron also spoke about how Kate achieves a ‘Princess glow’. She explained: “The Princess of Wales always looks flawless and it starts with her glowing skin. “Kate opts for glowy makeup instead of adding heavy powder. “Overly matte makeup can settle into fine lines and exaggerate the appearance of wrinkles, but Kate opts for a sheer, glowing foundation or tinted moisturiser as an alternative. “The result? Timeless skin that gives the illusion of higher cheekbones and a youthful lift.”