Experts from Uswitch.com found that almost £19 is spent on gas and £28 for electricity even though households are in bed, with £564 being lost over the space of 12 months. Around two million respondents to the comparison site’s survey admitted that they do not limit how often their heating can come on. This is despite the fact that energy bills have risen by 27 percent since October 2022 even with Government support in place. Some 32 percent of people polled said they only turn their heating on when they actually need it. One in seven households shared that they use more than a quarter of their gas at night which suggests their heating may be coming on when it’s not wanted. However, there are ways people can reduce their energy bills overnight which could lead to substantial savings. According to Uswitch, using an electric blanket for one hour a night instead of turning on the heating could save families £18 a month. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come On top of this, those who choose to use a hot water bottle when in bed could end up cutting their monthly gas and electricity bills by £16. It should be noted that leaving devices on standby overnight, such as routers, televisions and satellite boxes, are not costly and only add five pence to energy bills every night. All consumers looking to see how much money they can save are encouraged to use Utrack, a free mobile app from USwitch. Through this service, households are able to track any unusual gas and electricity consumption at night. Natalie Mathie, an energy expert at Uswitch.com, broke down why families should take the initiative and get on top of their energy bills. She explained: “It’s easy to overlook how much energy your household is using while you’re sleeping, but it can all add up. “If your heating is coming on in the middle of the night when you’re tucked up under your duvet, that might be money down the drain.” The consumer expert shared tips for families looking to cut back their energy consumption in the months ahead. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Ms Mathie added: “Make sure you’re using a timer on the heater, and check that it’s only set to come on when you want it to.” “If you work from home some days, but go to the office on others, adjust the settings so the house is heated when you’re there to feel the benefit. “You can’t always tell if changing your habits is making a difference until you see your bill – unless you track your usage. “People using the Utrack app, which connects to their smart meter, can see the impact on their bills with hourly graphs, comparing gas and electricity use by day, week, month and year.” Energy bills are set to rise again in April with pending changes to the Government’s price guarantee. This is the cap on the price per unit of gas and electricity to protect households from skyrocketing costs. The energy price guarantee is currently at £2,500 but during his Autumn Statement, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said it would increase to £3,000 in April 2023 for 12 months. Between the second quarter of 2023, from April to June, the average household energy bill with typical usage is forecast to be £3,545.