Jacquie Beltrao, 57, posted gorgeous photos of her sun-soaked holiday trip to Turks and Caicos today on Twitter. The Sky News host said she had encountered “tooth drama” while visiting her friends on the island without her other half Eduardo Beltrao. Uploading a number of photos on the beach showing off her trim figure, Jacquie commented: “I’ve been on holiday - @MrEduardoB had no leave left.” The star displayed visible sadness over her husband being unable to accompany her on the trip as she posted a crying emoji. Jacquie continued: “So I went alone - with books and to visit dear friends @mandouxrocks & The Governor - it was lovely I feel rebooted & lucky. “Thank you #TCI (Turks & Caicos ) What a week despite the tooth drama!” READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham's wife Nicola admits criticism 'upsets me' amid feud Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Jacquie for comment. In response, her followers shared their experiences travelling solo. @slouisew typed: “Love this! I’m going on holiday on my own for the first time in a few weeks so excited about it.” @garrymcgovern commented: “Off to Sharm El Sheik in Egypt on Tuesday morning on my own. Can't wait - have the laptop with me to do some chilled out work/study over looking the sea (plus the small matter of 9 scuba dives booked!). Cannot wait!” @gary61063686 said: “Looks lovely and so do you.” It comes after the presenter announced in June 2020 that she was facing a second battle with breast cancer, having first been diagnosed with the disease in 2013. Jacquie, who celebrated receiving a cancer-free scan in 2021, first spoke of her re-diagnosis on social media, saying her cancer this time was a lot “nastier” than previously. She shared: “During lockdown, I took my own advice, did a check, found a tiny, tiny little lump just here. "Had it checked out and biopsied straight away and turns out it's a grade three breast cancer. Much nastier than the first one I had." Since then, Jacquie has begun and finished chemotherapy, after having 12 rounds of the treatment back in September 2021. The former Olympic champion had to remain indoors shielding amid the coronavirus pandemic and shared her healthy lifestyle on Twitter. She has also been paying close attention to her diet as she uploaded a photo of her very nutritional granola breakfast paired with a number of supplements to support wellness. Jacquie also recently cut her hair into a short bob after losing her hair during chemotherapy. "So, my hair was growing in all different directions like the new hair post-chemo was sort of going down straight and the stuff that survived was sort of going a bit curly. “It just wasn't following the same plan so I've had it cut." In the video, Jacquie could be seen sitting in her convertible car with her fresh look.