TopCashback research has shown that this year, more than two thirds of Brits are planning to spend Valentine’s Day at home. Further research showed that 40 percent of Brits find eating out too expensive. In addition, Sainsburys found that 36 percent are planning to celebrate Valentine’s Day with a home cooked meal. If you’re deciding to dine at home this year, you can now save and eat a delicious meal with this special offer. TopCashback is offering its new members a free Valentine’s Day ‘meal deal’ up to £15, after cashback. This means you can get a delicious three-course meal from all major UK supermarkets including M&S, Sainsburys, Tesco and more. It’s only available on meals bought in-store, but you’ll need to be quick to redeem the deal as it’s running until Tuesday February 14, 2023 at 23:59PM. Whether you want to tuck into a juicy steak or treat with chocolate desserts, this deal is perfect for getting delicious Valentine’s Day meals for free. 1. Spend a minimum of £15 on the purchase of a Valentine’s Day meal deal at any UK supermarket. 2. Retain your receipt when you pay. 3. Take a photo of your receipt that clearly shows the date and time of purchase, the shop name and the items purchased that are eligible for cashback. 4. Sign up to TopCashback via this link and upload a photo of your receipt before 14th February 23:59pm. 5. £15 cashback will track in your TopCashback account within seven days. Sainsburys Sainsburys is offering shoppers a Valentine’s menu for two for only £15 and there are 30 delicious choices to pick from. You can get one starter, one main, one side, one dessert and a drink and options include the Sainburys Beef Rump Steaks with Triple Peppercorn Butter, Scallop Gratin, Triple Cooked Chips and Raspberry & Chocolate Torte. M&S M&S has also brought back its popular Valentine’s Day Dine in for £20, which will be £5 with the TopCashback deal. Saving £17.50 off normal prices, it’s available until Tuesday February 14, 2023 and customers can pick a starter, main, dessert, side and a bottle. With 30 choices including Luxury Prawn Cocktail, Herb Crusted Lamb Rack, Rosemary Hasselback Potatoes and Chocolate Melt in the Middle Puddings, it’s a delightful treat. Tesco Tesco is offering customers its Finest Valentine’s Day Dinner for Two and the deal includes one main, one side, one dessert and one drink for only £12. You need a Tesco Clubcard to redeem the deal and there are several options to pick from including Tesco Finest Truffle Mac & Cheese, the Tesco Finest Heart Shaped Potato Croquettes with Black Pepper and Parsley and you can even add Tesco’s Finest Prosecco to your bundle. Lidl The bargain supermarket is offering shoppers a selection of tasty treats this Valentine’s Day and you can find the foods in-store now. Dessert lovers will love Lidl’s For You Heart Shaped Mochis which are priced at only £3.99. Other highlights include the 36 Day Matured British Sirloin Steaks which are only £7.99 and you can even get tasty Heart Shaped Chicken Nuggets for £2.99, and they make the perfect starter or snack. 