Welsh rugby fans are still singing Tom Jones’s hit Delilah before the Six Nations match today, despite the sport’s bosses trying to ban it over concerns its lyrics glorify domestic violence. In the lead up to the Wales versus Ireland match today at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff the streets of the city were filled with people belting out the song.     The 1968 track is about the opportunistic killing by a man who waits until his former partner's lover leaves her home before making his move, and stabs his unfaithful partner.  Despite the dark theme of the song, it has been very popular ever since it was released. And Sir Tom is said to be quite shocked by the ban. He has commented on the song's meaning before, addressing the controversial theme, when back in 2014, he talked about his love for the song. According to Wales Online, he remarked: "I love to hear it sung at rugby games."     Sir Tom added: "It makes me very proud to be Welsh. I think if they're looking into the lyric about a man killing a woman, it's not a political statement. "It's just something that happens in life [and] he just loses it." He says rugby fans "don't think about" the words and instead focus on the iconic chorus.  The song used to be performed by a male voice choir before games at the Principality Stadium. But it was removed from the list of acceptable tunes ahead of today's Six Nations match. READ MORE: Mystery over why Nicola Bulley's dog was found without harness  Mail Online reports that another fan had a different take on the situation, saying: "I don't mind personally either way, but if people are finding it offensive who am I to say that we shouldn't stop playing it?" DON'T MISSGOP says axe Covid funds to fix debt ceiling [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry didn't lose his virginity outside a pub, claims Everett [REPORT]BBC urged to investigate claims Dominic Raab 'swore at staff member' [REVEALED]  The words of the song were written by the late songwriter Barry Mason after he remembered the heartbreak of the ending of a holiday romance when he was 15. At the time the girl in question was called Delia but "Why, why, Delia?" did not work so he and collaborator Les Reed, along with Tom Jones, changed the name to Delilah. The song won an Ivor Novello award, and then the rest is history as it became an anthem for Welsh rugby fans.  