Will Smith surprised his fans overnight by posting a video of him getting in his car and driving to his famous co-star's house. The 54-year-old actor told his fans: "You better stop scrolling, I've got an announcement" before playing some music through his car stereo. After making the pilgrimage to an undisclosed location, Smith knocked on the door and was greeted by actor and comedian Martin Lawrence. Bad Boys fans will of course know Lawrence played Marcus Burnett in the series, and was the other half of Smith's crime-fighting duo. Lawrence yelled as he opened the door: "It's about damn time!" Smith then confirmed the news fans were waiting for: "It’s official: Bad Boys 4 Life, y’all!" Smith then began to show regret for naming the third film in the franchise, 2020's Bad Boys For Life. He said: "But the third one... We shouldn’t have called it that," before pointing out that this fourth instalment could be titled Bad Boys 4 Life. This titling style would line up with another Universal movie property: Fast and Furious. Through the years, Fast and Furious has had such titles as 2 Fast 2 Furious, Furious 7, F8 of the Furious, and Fast Five. DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson biopic will star King of Pop's nephew [NEWS]Dave Bautista rules out Batman villain role after James Gunn take over [INSIGHT]Will Smith lands first Disney film since Chris Rock Oscars slap [INFO] This is not the first time a fourth Bad Boys film has been teased by a star of the movie. Lawrence previously hinted at another film in July 2022. He said: "We got one more at least." He went on: "For us to come together and prove that we can deliver, and we can pull people into the box office - that two Black stars, two sitcom stars, could make money at the box office [was huge]." These comments followed reports that the entire Bad Boys franchise had made more than $840 million at the box office. However, rumours hit that Bad Boys 4 had been scrapped after Smith slapped comedian Chris Rock at 2022's Oscar's ceremony. Sony boss Tom Rothman cleared up the word on the street, calling these reports "inaccurate". He said: "That movie’s been in development and still is. There weren’t any brakes to pump because the car wasn’t moving." Rothman also defended Smith despite his actions. He went on: "That was a very unfortunate thing that happened, and I don’t think it’s really my place to comment, except to say that I’ve known Will Smith for many years, and I know him to be a good person. That was an example of a very good person having a very bad moment, in front of the world." He added: "I believe his apology and regret is genuine, and I believe in forgiveness and redemption." SOURCE / SOURCE