The Quiet Beatle may have died 22 years ago after losing his battle with cancer at just 58, but his legacy is stronger than ever before. Tomorrow marks George Harrison’s 80th birthday and fans around the world are celebrating his incredible contribution to music. Among them is Yusuf/Cat Stevens, who has previously covered the late star’s The Day the World Gets 'Round and has now put out his rendition of Here Comes the Sun, which Olivia Harrison is thrilled with. The 74-year-old singer’s acoustic music video has a picture of a smiling sun as a black background turns to blue and back again. Stevens wrote under the YouTube video: "George Harrison has been an immense influence on me, spiritually, from the very beginning. He pioneered certain thoughts and ideas, which stretched way east, and that was very important." Olivia Harrison posted the video commenting: “For George’s birthday this wonderful news.” Stevens wrote: “George Harrison was beginning to explore Eastern mysticism around the time I was hospitalised with TB, in 1968. Lying in bed, I had a lot of time on my hands and ended up reading a Buddhist book called The Secret Path. That was the beginning of my own search for the light. “While most of my generation were just into the music, I was a bit like George, where music became the key to something much higher. Following the rages of the 60’s, his consciousness was awakened, and George transcended to levels not many people ever get to experience. You can hear it in his lyrics, and see it in the way he lived and dealt with the material world - looking for a way out.” READ MORE: The Beatles' favourite Beatles albums – Which ones the Fab Four chose Stevens added: “George was one of the first to put on a charity concert for the poor, at the time millions of Bangladeshis were fleeing from conflict and becoming refugees. It was a brave thing to do, and against all establishment rules. I’m happy to sing one of his songs, especially as it represents the returning of light and hope to a seriously dark and broken world.” Harrison’s Here Comes The Sun is by far the most popular Beatles song on Spotify, having been played over 955 million times, with Let It Be in second all the way back on 533 million.