Carlos Alcaraz will finally make his injury comeback this month after losing his world No 1 ranking to Novak Djokovic as the Serb won the Australian Open while the teenager was left unable to compete. The US Open champion has not been seen at an official tournament since November but has multiple events in his schedule for February. Alcaraz has been out of action for three months after injuring his abdomen in his Paris Masters match against Holger Rune. The six-time title winner was then forced to cut his breakthrough 2022 season short and pull out of the ATP Finals and Davis Cup as a result as he eyed a comeback at the Australian Open. But ahead of the first Major of the year he was struck down by a new leg injury in training when he was “at his best” and had to withdraw from the tournament. Djokovic was then able to dethrone him as the world No 1 after winning a record 10th Australian Open crown but Alcaraz will now finally be back in action as he bids to regain the top spot, currently sitting 340 points behind the Serb. The world No 2 is next scheduled to play in the Argentina Open, an ATP 250 event beginning on February 11. It will be his debut at the tournament and a victory could help him close the gap behind Djokovic in the top spot. JUST IN: Tennis legend Navratilova shares update following cancer diagnosis   “I really want to start my season in Buenos Aires this year, playing a historic tournament that has won great champions,” Alcaraz said as he signed up for the event after being forced to pull out of the Australian Open. The US Open winner also shared his goals for the season, saying he would “try to maintain the level of 2022 and continue to improve, both on a tennis level and on a mental level.” He added: “I know it won't be easy, but I like challenges and I hope to be prepared.” Alcaraz is then signed up for the Rio Open in the following week, where he will be the defending champion. DON'T MISSKyrgios' manager has injury surgery update as comeback timeframe givenRybakina coach criticised again despite champion slamming 'fake news'Djokovic, Nadal and Federer's greatest Slam wins after Novak's verdict The Rio event marked the start of his breakthrough year in 2022 as he became the youngest player in history to win an ATP 500 tournament after lifting the title before following it up with his maiden Masters 1000 win in Miami a couple of months later. And the tennis won’t stop for Alcaraz, who is set to compete in the Acapulco ATP 500 ahead of the sunshine double in Indian Wells and Miami. The world No 2 has already returned to the practice court and was pictured hitting on the clay while his rivals were competing at the Australian Open. “See you soon,” he tweeted the Argentina Open ahead of his long-awaited first tournament of the year. 