During Tuesday night’s instalment of Emmerdale, viewers watched the search for Paddy (played by Dominic Brunt) continue after he went missing from the village last week. Although Chas (Lucy Pargeter) and Mandy (Lisa Riley) closed in on finding him, fans watching were left distracted by a series of blunders in the ITV soap.  Last week, Emmerdale fans feared for Paddy’s well-being as he’d continued to struggle with his mental health following the breakdown of his marriage to Chas. Although they’re separated, the duo continue to live together but it all seemed to be too much for Paddy as he decided to flee the village. As his family and friends printed out posters in search of him, a police constable told Mandy there had been a sighting. Paddy was spotted by someone at a cash point in Skipdale where he withdrew £200 in cash, with the police revealing they were scaling down their search as they didn’t believe he was in danger. READ MORE:Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out'   However, during Tuesday night’s episode, his loved ones had a breakthrough when they discovered he must be staying at a Bed and Breakfast in the town he had withdrawn money from. In a bid to try and make him come home, Mandy and Chas drove there as they were told by the owner he had gone for a walk but would be returning soon as they decided to wait. Although some viewers questioned how they knew the exact location to drive to as no address was given to the two women. Twig9876 said: “So did Chas and Mandy know the exact address by telepathy  #emmerdale”   Chris1968E added: “#Emmerdale [sic] did anyone actually give Mandy and cheating Chas the address other than a b and b in Skipdale” As Chas and Mandy waited for Paddy to arrive, they had a heart-to-heart as Mandy broke down in tears feeling somewhat responsible for his downward spiral. In the end, Chas decided it was best if she leave and allowed Mandy to be the person to try and get her estranged husband home. Getting in her car to return to the village, Chas left Mandy in Skipdale and drove out of the Bed and Breakfast where Paddy was seen by viewers hiding behind a pillar.    Watching his wife drive away, Paddy decided not to return and instead was seen walking away in the opposite direction as the episode came to a close. However, as Chas would’ve had to drive straight past Paddy on the way out, fans were quick to point out she would have seen him. MattZeeMiller commented: “Good job Mandy and Chas aren't in the police, Paddy hardly had a great hiding place at all but was still not spotted at all.” ShaneF_Official added: “How did Chas not see Paddy when she was driving out he was in front of her.”    Zombiechick1967 tweeted: “He was practically standing in front of the car and she didn't see him!! #Emmerdale” Twitter user Chris1968E questioned: “#Emmerdale [sic] when Chas was driving out Paddy must've run (yea I know) across the road so how the hell she not see him” Pam_debeauvoir added: “Must've had her bloody eyes closed. Ridiculous!” Emmerdale continues weekdays on ITV from 7:30pm   