With MOT season just around the corner drivers are constantly being issued with advice on how to prevent MOT failures. With that in mind, Express.co.uk spoke to an expert who urged motorists to use little-known hacks that might make the dreaded MOT day less stressful. Dorry Potter, an expert at National Scrap Car, said: "MOTs can be nerve-wracking for drivers because you might think your car is in tip-top condition, but you take it to your MOT thinking it will pass and you are handed a fail with a big bill to pay. "We have a whole guide on what to do if you receive an MOT fail. "It is recommended that you do all that you can to help your vehicle pass its test, from inspecting tyres to testing your indicators. "These tests are usually quick and simple but it is easy to forget them and these little mistakes can prove costly." READ MORE: EV driver left furious after spending £60,000 on a BMW i4 with a fault The legal tyre tread depth for cars in the UK is 1.6mm across the central three-quarters of the tyre, although most recommend a minimum tread of 3mm for tyre replacement. The tread must meet this minimum requirement across its complete circumference to be legal. Ms Potter said: "You can check your tyre tread by inserting a 20p coin into the tread grooves. If you cannot see the outer band on the coin then your tyres are above the legal limits. DON'T MISS Electric car drivers can make use of 'magic' feature to avoid frost [INSIGHT] De-icing cars can be made easier by using cooking spray and sanitiser [REVEAL] 'Unfair' parking fines are 'another reason' not to chose EVs [WARNING] "If you are unsure of your car’s correct pressure level, you can often find the recommended pressure levels in the owner’s manual or in the fuel cap. "You can then set the air machine to the recommended level whether at home or at a petrol station." Before drivers take their vehicle for its MOT, they should clean it thoroughly both inside and out. From the front seats to the back seats and finally to the boot. An unclean car could lead to an examiner refusing to perform an MOT, according to the expert. READ MORE: Electric cars to represent less than a third of all vehicles by 2030  Ms Potter said: "It sounds obvious but make sure your horn is in working order. Give it a few honks to make sure it isn’t faulty." Drivers should make sure that all of their mirrors are in good condition. Ms Potter said: "If they are shattered then your vehicle won’t pass its MOT. This also includes internal mirrors." Lights are a common reason for MOT failure. Ms Potter stressed: "Make sure that your brake, front and rear lights are working correctly. You can do this by asking a friend or family member to observe from outside the car." Ms Potter said: "Your vehicle requires all kinds of important fluids, including brake fluid, oil and screenwash. Make sure that these are topped up prior to the MOT test." Drivers should inspect their wipers for any nicks or damage which could lower their effectiveness, and if any damage is found replace them immediately, Ms Potter advised.