A massive 13ft shark has been caught in Australia just days after the beast mauled a tourist to death. Chris Davis, 59, had been swimming 150 metres from the shore when the monster struck, leaving him with fatal injuries to his thigh, hands and right arm. A triathlete, Mr Davis was swimming at the Chateau Royal beach in New Caledonia on Sunday, February 19. He was bitten twice by the tiger shark in the vicious attack. Lifegoers raced to him on jet skis, while beachgoers watched on in horror. They managed to get him back to the beach - but despite attempts to resuscitate him before the ambulance arrived, were unable to save his life. Authorities are now imposing a cull on bull and tiger sharks, with this weekend's attack being the third in three weeks. A picture now reveals authorities capturing the shark they believe was responsible for Mr Davis' death. The enormous beast can be seen being hauled onto a boat. The cull is reportedly set to continue. In an emotional statement, Mr Davis' wife and three sons said they were "deeply mourning the loss of our beloved husband and father". READ MORE: Dog fights off 12-foot hammerhead shark in full view of tourist boat [REVEAL] They added that was a "keen triathlete", and had represented Australia several times in age group world championship events. The statement also revealed that Mr Davis was a "senior software programming consultant in the superannuation and funds management industry." An autopsy has revealed Mr Davis never stood a chance of survival after the attack. Public prosecutor Yves Dupas said: "The [first] bite on the major thigh, extending 37 centimetres from the hip to the knee, caused a deep lesion with the section of the femoral artery. "[The second] also fatal, according to the medical examiner, given the extent of the lesions, concerns the upper limbs, the forearm and the hands." Chateau Royal Beach and other nearby beaches remain closed. DON'T MISS: Shark mauls girl, 16, to death as teenager swims with pod of dolphins [REVEAL]Boy, 8, attacked by shark on fishing trip vows to return to water [INSIGHT] Great Whites 'more than likely' swimming in UK waters [ANALYSIS] 