Tottenham have reportedly been left ‘surprised’ and ‘bemused’ after Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola directly called out chairman Daniel Levy during his press conference. The Spaniard suggested that the 61-year-old was one of the major driving forces behind the Premier League’s decision to charge his club with numerous financial rule breaches an allegation that has left Spurs somewhat confused. City have been referred to an independent commission after the Premier League charged the club with breaking 115 financial regulations during the period between 2009 and 2018. The club have vehemently denied any wrongdoing and will passionately defend themselves against the allegations as the commission conducts its investigation. Sky Blues boss Guardiola was asked about Monday’s bombshell for the first time during his press conference for Sunday’s match against Aston Villa and launched a passionate defence of his club calling out Levy in the process. The 52-year-old was asked if he believed the charges were driven by City’s English rivals, to which he responded: “Yeah of course – it is the Premier League. I don’t know why. You have to go to all the CEOs, the Daniel Levys, all these kinds of people and ask them.” It appears Guardiola’s comments have caused a stir behind the scenes in north London with The Telegraph reporting that club officials were ‘left surprised and bemused’ by the claims. Levy was the only Premier League chairman to be called out by the Spaniard with all other CEOs referred to in the collective. JUST IN: NBA's LeBron James farce is a real danger to the Premier League No one from Spurs have spoken publically about the allegations levied against City however Levy has aimed a veiled dig at the Sky Blues in addition to the likes of Newcastle United and Chelsea for distorting the transfer market. The Tottenham chairman is regularly criticised for not spending as much as their closest rivals by supporters but the 61-year-old has suggested it is impossible to compete with their financial power. “The landscape of the Premier League has changed significantly in the last decade,” Levy said. “It is understandable that some fans call for more spending, much of which is unsustainable for many clubs.  “We are competing in a league in which we have seen increased sovereign wealth ownership and consortia finance; and in a league where the spending power is now vested in the hands of a few who dominate and have the ability to distort the market. “Our aim has always been to combine the financial stability of the club with remaining competitive on the pitch. We have to do what is right for us and sustainable in the long-term.”