Since succeeding Ed Woodward at Manchester United, Richard Arnold has barely put a foot wrong. The Red Devils supremo has made five excellent decisions during his time at the helm so far, ranging from taking a step back to allow others to focus on football to also letting Erik ten Hag jettison Cristiano Ronaldo. And it’s certainly helped the fallen giants begin to resemble their old selves. This month represents a year since Woodward officially left United. Having been hired as a replacement for David Gill in 2013, the Glazers felt he was the man to ensure the success kept rolling after Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. But Woodward became a polarising figure among fans, with his failure to get the Red Devils competing with Manchester City and Liverpool - coupled with his determination to meddle in footballing, as well as business matters - frustrating supporters. In the end, the European Super League was to be the final straw. Woodward announced his resignation in the aftermath of the failed plot, with United fans happy to see the back of him. He stayed around for a little while after that, only leaving in February last year, but Woodward is now very much a figure of the club’s past. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford At a time where Ten Hag is taking credit for the way United are slowly competing with the very best again, Arnold also deserves praise. Certainly, his start to life in the power position has been far greater than what Woodward experienced. The first decision Arnold made, and arguably his most-important, was to allow others to focus purely on football. That meant John Murtough conducting the club’s managerial process as they sought a permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last year. As well as Ten Hag, candidates such as Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui were all considered. But Murtough and Darren Fletcher were blown away by Ten Hag and, after a rocky start, it’s clear the decision to hire the 53-year-old has paid off. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Speaking of that rocky start, defeats to Brighton and Brentford worsened the mood around Old Trafford at the beginning of the season. And it was Arnold who then lobbied for the Glazers to provide Ten Hag with more transfer backing. United had gone into their opening two league fixtures having only landed Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. But with Arnold putting pressure on the Americans, the Glazers relented with Antony, Casemiro and Martin Dubravka then joining afterwards. Regarding the Glazers, it recently emerged Arnold had actually persuaded them into not taking the latest dividend from the club. Brothers Joel and Avram Glazer, as well as the rest of the family, have been happy to take money out of United frequently over the years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But with a cost of living crisis going on, and United spending a decade in the wilderness, Arnold persuaded them against the idea. Speaking to fans at a local pub was impressive, too. Arnold didn’t want the exchange to be filmed but he spoke honestly and candidly to those who have had to suffer over the past decade. Compared to Woodward, who once fled a pub after United fans went after him, it was a wise handling of the situation. Those who go to Old Trafford every week, as well as tuning in all over the world, deserve that treatment. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract And a fifth good decision Arnold made was allowing Ten Hag to get rid of Ronaldo, too. Ronaldo gave a bombshell interview to Piers Morgan back in November, criticising the Glazers and many other figures at United. But the brutal fact of the matter is the 38-year-old, his goals of last season aside, had been holding the club back. United have benefitted since Ronaldo’s departure, with the results showing they’re a team very much in the ascendancy. And with the first year out of the way, it’ll be fascinating to see how the future unfolds.