WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from The Last Of Us episode six. HBO’s hit post-apocalyptic show, The Last of Us, continued on Sunday with another gripping instalment. Viewers were moved to tears yet again, as Joel (played by Pedro Pascal) was reunited with his brother (Gabriel Luna) for the first time in years.   Since Joel first set off on his arduous journey to reunite Ellie (Bella Ramsey) with the Fireflies, many had wondered how long it would take for him to find his brother, Tommy. As Joel escorted Ellie across America, he was hopeful he could locate his brother along the way. Although they had both lived in the Boston quarantine zone, Tommy had been missing for a concerning amount of time. Thankfully for fans, the brothers finally reunited in Jackson, Wyoming, where Joel learned Tommy was part of a commune. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error    Speaking on their long-awaited reunion, actor Gabriel revealed he and Pedro rewrote most of the scene during rehearsal. He disclosed: “In that session, Pedro and I completely rewrote the scene. “We didn't change a single letter. We just restructured the way that this scene unfolds.” Praising the showrunner, Gabriel added: “Craig [Mazin] being the mensch and the incredible artist that he is, he was like: ‘This is better.’”    The actor continued: “It made it feel right in terms of the way we hit each of these beats. “How I eventually build the courage to stand up to [Joel] and tell him the truth and tell him what is an extremely joyful thing for me but potentially a very hurtful thing for him to hear, that I was gonna be a father. “That was pretty much the only scene on the slate that whole day.” “It was just Pedro and I being brothers and doing what brothers do: laughing, joking, needling each other, and eventually fighting,” Gabriel added to Entertainment Weekly. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [INSIGHT]Fans of The Last of Us are anxious about Joel's fate [REACTION]How to watch The Last Of Us on Sky TV for FREE [INSIGHT]   After a terrifying ordeal in Kansas City and the tragic deaths of Henry (Lamar Johnson) and Sam (Keivonn Woodard), Joel and Ellie made it to Wyoming. They also met up with Tommy's wife, Maria (Rutina Wesley), who’s pregnant with their first child. While Tommy and Joel had an emotional confrontation, Maria helped Ellie learn more about her companion’s past. Ellie discovered Joel had a daughter, who died on the first day of the outbreak.    However, her heartbreak for him soon turned into a rage after she overhead Joel tell Tommy he doesn't think he should be her companion anymore. Fuelled with anger, Ellie confronted Joel who then changed his mind as they continued on their journey to the Fireflies. But in an unexpected twist of fate, the two were attacked by mystery assailants, who left Joel fighting for his life. The Last of Us continues Sunday on HBO in the US. The Last of Us airs Monday on Sky Atlantic and Now in the UK.  