Magic Mike's Last Dance continues the story of Mike Lane and his erotic dance superpowers. While the performer has staved off dancing at the beginning of the movie, things quickly change when he meets Maxandra Mendoza. Along the way, he meets a collection of actors who you may have seen before. Channing Tatum returns to the Magic Mike franchise as its titular hero, once again trying to find a way through life by using the only skills he has: Stripping. It doesn't take long for him to get convinced by Maxandra to put his g-string back on and start earning some money - but this time around, there's artistry involved. Fans will know Tatum from the 21 Jump Street series, as well as Step Up and countless other pictures. Tatum recently spoke out about returning to the series as the hunky dancer, while adding that it was not always an enjoyable experience. He said of the fitness regime: "That might be the reason why I didn’t want to do a third one. Because I have to look like that. It's hard to look like that. Even if you do work out, to be that kind of in shape is not natural. That's not even healthy. You have to starve yourself. I don't think when you're that lean, it's actually healthy." Hayek Pinault makes her debut in the Magic Mike series as Maxanda Mendoza, a supremely wealthy socialite from Miami who coaxes Mike into going to London with her. She not only owns a decrepit theatre, but she also wants Mike to put on a custom show for her to save the building. Throughout the movie, she has to juggle her relationships with Mike, her daughter, Zadie, and her ex-husband. Fans will know Hayek Pinault from a number of major movies from throughout the past few decades, including From Dusk Till Dawn, Desperado, and the Puss in Boots series. Hayek Pinault recently spoke out about the trials of filming the enticing dance scenes with Tatum, who nearly dropped her during a highly intense moment. She recently revealed: "You know, this one part that’s not in it is where I’m upside down, and my legs had to be somewhere. But upside down, one loses sense of direction, and I didn’t do what I was supposed to do. So in the rehearsal, I went like, head down, almost hit my head. [Channing] held on to my pants, but I was really concerned because my pants were going away, and I couldn’t remember if I had underwear or not in this moment. So, instead of putting my hands to protect my head, I just held onto the pants. He’s like: ‘Put your hands up,’ and I’m like: ‘No, no, no, no!'" She added: "Everybody came in and kind of took me away from him, and he said: ‘What’s wrong with you?’ I said: ‘What’s wrong with me? You nearly killed me!’" Din plays Victor, Maxandra's loving and helpful butler who assists her with everything from cooking, driving and cleaning to looking after her daughter, Zadie. He has had a fairly prolific career, having appeared in such TV shows as The Bill, Agatha Christie's Poirot, London Bridge and Ackley Bridge. Din has also won a number of awards for writing the comedy-drama East is East. Jemelia George plays Zadie, Maxanda's adopted daughter and whizz-kid who helps out Mike on his quest to write and direct his perfect dance vision. George is new to acting and, thus far, has not acted in any other films or TV shows. Hannah is the classical actress who joins Mike's dance troupe as the only woman in the show. She quickly cements herself as the key figure in Mike's sold-out shows. Motamed has appeared in a few other projects over the past few years. She played Ayesha in six episodes of the TV series We Are Lady Parts before joining another TV show - Ellie and Natasha - in 2022. As of right now, Motamed is still relatively new to Hollywood. The synopsis for Magic Mike's Last Dance reads: "Mike Lane takes to the stage once again when a business deal that went bust leaves him broke and bartending in Florida. Hoping for one last hurrah, Mike heads to London with a wealthy socialite who lures him with an offer he can't refuse, and an agenda all her own." It adds: "With everything on the line, he soon finds himself trying to whip a hot new roster of talented dancers into shape." Magic Mike's Last Dance is in cinemas now.