When it comes to selling a property, first impressions count, especially when it comes to decor. Research commissioned by Strutt & Parker reported that a whopping 76 percent of buyers think first impressions are everything when they visit a property. Clutter, garish paint colours, mess and dirt will likely put off buyers. Terry Fisher, a property expert at We Buy Any Home, claimed many buyers struggle to see past decor that doesn’t suit their own aesthetic. When it comes to selling a property, first impressions count, especially when it comes to decor. Research by commissioned by Strutt & Parker reported that a whopping 76 percent of buyers think first impressions are everything when they visit a property. Clutter, garish colours, mess and dirt will likely put off buyers. Terry Fisher, a property expert at We Buy Any Home, claimed many buyers struggle to see past decor that doesn’t suit their own aesthetic. He suggested people looking to sell their homes should opt for more minimalist styles over clutter and stick to specific colour choices over statement wallpaper. Terry said: “Statement walls and big, bold colours are great, but perhaps not if you want to sell your home. “In my experience potential buyers want to picture themselves living in your property and the best way of helping them to do this is by providing a blank canvas they are free to put their own stamp on. “This isn’t to say every wall needs to be white. Neutral tones are big news these days and there’s no end of options available. READ MORE: 5 ‘common’ kitchen cabinet mistakes to ‘avoid’ to achieve a ‘high end’ “By sprucing up your walls with a fresh lick of paint in a soft shade you can instantly transform any room into a bright and airy space.” Minimalism allows buyers to see themselves living in your home, however, it can also make a home feel cold and devoid of cosiness and warmth. To help soften a room, think about adding textures, especially if you’re opting for neutral tones, and warm lighting. Terry added: “Try adding a nice rug to wooden floorboards, a cosy throw to a sofa, or some pillows to a bed. DON'T MISS‘Effective remedy’ to remove yellow pillow stains - avoid using bleach [INSIGHT]3 gardening ‘mistakes’ which ‘knock thousands’ off your home’s value [UPDATE]I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts [ANALYSIS] “You don’t have to spend a lot of money to transform your space and instantly make people feel more ‘at home’ in their surroundings. “Soft curtains can instantly make a room feel lighter and can filter the light in a really flattering way. “The main thing you are looking for here is ways to turn a bland, soulless room into somewhere that feels like it has more character without going overboard. “If your space is sparse, why not try scouring car boot sales or online auction sites for bits of furniture that can add interest?” READ MORE: 'Impactful and inexpensive' tip to revamp a room for as little as £3 Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Paint colours are another important aspect of making your home not only attractive to potential buyers but personal and comfortable for you. One paint colour that was very on-trend last year was “blush pink” which dominated bedrooms, bathrooms and reception rooms. The romantic shade is now viewed as being “overused” and even “outdated”, according to Sam Grieg. Sam Greig, senior designer at the UK's leading online design-led furniture brand, Swoon, said instead we should be opting for brighter shades of pink. He told Express.co.uk: “In 2023, we're leaving pastel-centred interiors, in particular blush pink, in 2022. “This tone peaked in popularity in 2019, and since then has become extremely overused within interior design. “When combined with country classic style furniture, or shabby chic stylings, these tones look particularly outdated and lack the style and pizzaz that we are hoping to bring into 2023. "Instead of using blush pink tones, opt for pops of neon pink and bright magenta for a more modern take. “Using these shades sparingly in a neutral space will help to create a diverse, layered design that inspires an interesting display your guests will be jealous of."