Costa del Sol is a southern region and part of the autonomous community of Andalusia that attracts thousands of British tourists every year. The local Government has announced that "nudism, underwear, blow-up dolls or penis headbands" will now be banned from the streets. The region is set to get even tougher on stag and hen parties and will penalise with fines anyone getting naked on the street, wearing underwear or carrying any sort of sexual object. Malaga already had strict rules in place, including fines for using megaphones or general disruptive behaviour and drinking on the streets. Some pubs and clubs in the city already have a total ban on stag or hen parties and anyone celebrating the occasion is not allowed in certain venues. This year, tourists who travel to the south of Spain for a stag or hen party and are dressed inappropriately will be fined 750 euros or £668. READ MORE: Best city in America for expats to live in has 'cheap energy bills'  This will apply to those who show their underwear, carry an inflatable doll or have a sexual object with them. According to the new rule, which has already been approved for this year, "except for municipal authorisation for specific places, it is prohibited to travel or remain on the road or public spaces without clothes or only in underwear". The same applies to people "with clothes or accessories that represent the genitals of the human being or with dolls as or elements of a sexual nature". The city council explained: "The agents of the authority will inform, first of all, the people involved regarding the existence of the prohibition contemplated in this ordinance."  They added that "only if the impermissible attitude persists, will proceed to formulate the pertinent complaint". "Once the aforementioned conduct has been warned and regardless of the sanctions that could be imposed, the agents of the authority may request the cessation of the conduct that violates the prohibition contained in article 36." Therefore, British tourists should not be packing any inflatable dolls or funny sex accessories if they are heading to the south of Spain soon. In a statement, Malaga City Council said that the goal is to "put a stop to some uncivil behaviour that may disturb coexistence among residents". READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' "The proliferation in recent years of certain behaviours associated with nudism, the use of underwear or erotic content in public spaces advises giving the municipality a new regulation," they added "The ultimate goal is to preserve public space as a place for meeting, coexistence and civility, in which all people can freely carry out their activities of free movement, leisure and recreation, with full respect for others and for the plurality of expression." Popular cities such as Malaga, Torremolinos, Benalmádena, Fuengirola, Mijas, Marbella and San Pedro de Alcántara are all in Costa del Sol. Additional reporting from Rita Sobot