Ilhan Omar faces a vote in the House to approve her removal from the committee for her past comments critical of the State of Israel. The move is an escalation of long-brewing tensions between the GOP and Democrats, and a tit-for-tat response to the ousting of far-right Republicans from committees during the last Congress. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy's decision to hold a vote to remove the Somali-born Congresswoman will further solidify his position among wavering Republican support in Congress. Some GOP lawmakers had expressed reservations about taking such a dramatic step but McCarthy said on Wednesday that "we'll have enough votes.: Removing lawmakers from committees was essentially unprecedented until Democrats ousted hard-right Rep. Marjorie Taylor Green of Georgia and Rep. Paul Gosar of Arizona. Omar, a Minnesota Democrat, has apologized for comments that she has said she came to understand were antisemitic. Rep Max Miller from Ohio said in his resolution demanding a vote on Omar that his colleague's comments had "brought dishonour to the House of Representatives." JUST IN: Inside Trump 2024 launch: MAGA base ‘reinvigorated’ but 'loss of mojo' gives DeSantis hope Foreign Affairs Committee Chair Michale McCaul of Texas had earlier demanded the Minnesota Democrats be excluded from a closed-door meeting with fellow Republicans. McCaul said: "It's just that her worldview of Israel is so diametrically opposed to the committee's. "I don't mind having differences of opinion but this goes beyond that." In 2019, Omar was forced to apologise after sparking a backlash by implying money was behind US support for Israel. READ MORE: Ex-Clinton aide warns Biden could be 'knocked' out of 2024 race She was also accused of playing into tropes about Jews by replying to a Tweet from media provocateur Glenn Greenwald with the comment "it's all about the Benjamins, baby." Greenwald had expressed his disbelief at "how much time US political leaders spend defending a foreign nation even if it means attacking free speech and human rights" amid a week of heightened tension in the Middle East. Omar slammed the vote as a form of "revenge" to "appease the former President," referring to Donald Trump. Several Republicans sceptical of removing Omar wanted “due process” for lawmakers who face removal. McCarthy said he told them he would work with Democrats on creating a due process system, but acknowledged it is still a work in progress and he is not exactly sure what shape it will take. Ilhan Omar is on track to become the third Democrat to be removed from House committees following McCarthy's decision to exclude California's Adam Schiff and Eric Swalwell from the Intelligence Committee last month. DON'T MISS: Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT] While appointments to the intelligence panel are the prerogative of the speaker, the action on Omar requires a House vote. Democrats have little recourse at this point. Rep. Gregory Meeks of New York, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said: “We are united that she should be seated on the committee." The drive against Omar comes as embattled Republican Rep. George Santos said he would step aside from his own committee assignments as the House Ethics Committee investigates his actions. The New York Republican has acknowledged embellishments and even lies about his education, work experience and other aspects of his personal and professional life. Several Republicans have been wary of taking action against Omar while they are also having to answer the many questions emerging about Santos. But McCarthy said there's “no correlation,” and said Santos stepping down was about “Santos issues.”