The Royal Family always travels with a stock of blood on global trips, a royal expert has claimed. According to Dickie Arbiter, who is a former press secretary to Queen Elizabeth II, royal planes are usually stocked with blood products matched to the royal’s blood type and there's a reason why. Speaking to HELLO's A Right Royal Posdcast, Mr Arbiter said: "[You’ve] got to make sure that you're covering every eventuality." Explaining to the podcast hosts as to why they carry blood, he said that it is "in case there was blood transfusion". The former press secretary added: "There’s never any guarantee you are going to get the right type of blood at your destination." Aside from blood, it appears another medical supply is bought on board. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan left 'tiny' Britain only to be 'smashed to pieces' in the US He added that Charles, who was then the Prince of Wales and a qualified pilot, would always like to fly with the pilots in the cockpit when he flew in the Queen’s helicopter. In 2016, the Telegraph's Gordon Rayner reported that the Queen Elizabeth II would always travel alongside a Royal Navy doctor when she travelled worldwide, adding that they are "never more than a few paces away". Regarding the blood, Mr Rayner wrote: "In countries where a reliable blood supply is questionable, the Queen and the Prince of Wales [Charles] both travel with their own personal packs of blood following in their convoy wherever they go. Speaking of the Royal Navy doctor, he added that they always carry a "bulky medical bag containing a mobile defibrillator and all manner of emergency medicine". READ MORE: Charles and Camilla compared to 'garden gnomes' in savage take on future of Royal Family Another rule in royal travel is that no two heirs to the throne are allowed to travel together. This reportedly dates back to the early days of air travel, back when flying wasn't deemed as safe. Although Harry is now fifth in the line of succession, he would be unable to fly with Prince William. This is due to Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, who are between the two brothers in the royal line of succession, all being under the age of 18. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew tells friends 'no chance' he will be evicted from home [LATEST]Harry and William compared to feuding Oasis brothers by Boy George [REVEAL]Harry won't have liked being accused of 'boasting' of Taliban kills [INSIGHT] In recent years, the royals plane usage has come under increased scrutiny, particularly due to the cost-of-living crisis. There are extended calls of concern about the climate and the emissions that the vast amount of air travel causes.