Manchester United currently have two top targets as they look to sign a new No 9 in the summer transfer window - Victor Osimhen and Harry Kane. Tottenham talisman Kane, though, looks as though he may sign a new contract to see out the rest of his contract in north London. Despite the difficulty of negotiating with Napoli, the 24-year-old Osimhen might be the better option for the Red Devils - certainly he has a longer-term pick. But per London World, Chelsea are also ready to go ‘all out’ for the Nigeria international as Todd Boehly and co. look to build a team ready to overtake Manchester City as England’s dominant force. The Blues have however spent over £600million in the last 12 months, including a £323m January spend in which they brought in both Mykhaylo Mudryk and Enzo Fernandez at near £200m combined. And that means they need to sell players to balance the books, especially if they want to buy the £100m-rated Osimhen. There are plenty of players they could offload. Romelu Lukaku, Conor Gallagher, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Cesar Azpilicueta, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Hakim Ziyech, Kai Havertz, Christian Pulisic and Mateo Kovacic are among those who could depart to raise funds. MUST READ: Ten Hag torn over two Man Utd transfers in Van Persie-style dilemma And Chelsea could get a helping hand from two of their biggest rivals - Liverpool and Tottenham - in the process too. That’s because the Reds are keeping a keen eye on Mason Mount, who could leave Stamford Bridge this coming summer when he enters the final 12 months of his contract. Chelsea are yet to find a resolution in talks with Mount wanting a significant wage increase and the England international would command a sizeable fee to help the Londoners offset their spending. Liverpool need homegrown midfielders and the 24-year-old could be an ideal and attainable option for them. Selling Mount for upwards of £50m would of course go some way to helping Chelsea get back in the black. And Tottenham could also aid Boehly’s plans to supply Graham Potter with a prolific marksman up top. Spurs have installed Crystal Palace’s Marc Guehi as a top target as they look to rebuild their defence in the summer. England international Guehi, 22, was on the books of Chelsea before an £18m move to Palace in the summer of 2021. As part of the deal, the Blues included a sell-on clause as well as an option to match any bid for the defender. While Chelsea would be unlikely to rival Spurs for the £45m-rated centre-half, a sell-on described as ‘sizeable’ could see them pocket another nice fee. Were he to go for £45m, and if Chelsea have a 20 per cent clause, then they would pocket £9m without lifting a finger. That would also be a welcome influx of cash as Boehly seeks to invest in their squad further. It will be another busy summer at Chelsea, and if they are to beat United to Osimhen, ironically, two of their other rivals could play a key role.