I'm A Celebrity and motorcycling star Carl Fogarty's daughter is expected to enter the South African villa on Love Island. Claudia already has thousands of followers on Instagram, where she showcases her clothing boutique. The Storm Fashion owner now plans to dip her toes in the world of reality TV and follow in her father's footsteps. An insider told The Sun on Sunday: “Claudia is ready to strut into the villa imminently. “She’s classy, beautiful and well-educated and is set to have all the boys fighting over her. “Her life might be glamorous but family means everything to her and she’d love to meet the man of her dreams and settle down. READ MORE: Maya Jama's appearance distracts Love Island viewers "But she’s promised not to be too raunchy, to save dad’s blushes." Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for confirmation of her appearance on this year's series. The star's Instagram has been inundated with messages from her followers as they ask her about her Love Island stint. So far she has remained tight-lipped about her next venture. The star's fashion website has given fans insight into her working life as it explains: "Our boutique offers handpicked clothing and accessories for the modern woman. "We stock brands from around the world, notably, Australian label Finders Keepers with their flattering fits, bold prints and handcrafted embroidery. "From Los Angeles, Anine Bing, who embodies the American energy and rock ‘n’ roll edge, and Wildfox, offering effortless California style. "These are only a small selection of the brands we offer and we aspire to introduce new brands into our collections regularly. DON'T MISS... Love Island viewers brand show 'boring' following Zara's exit Oti Mabuse lands new ITV talk show with Laura Whitmore Love Island fans plead for islander to return in villa twist  "Our collections evolve each season to offer our lovely customers the latest fashion trends. "The collections and pieces within will be easily combinable, always of the highest quality, and cater for a girls' night out, to a girls' night in." Her father Carl Fogarty, 57, won the 14th series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2014. His daughter is expected to be equally as popular with viewers if she joins Love Island. Love Island fans were treated to a previously unaired scene during Saturday's Unseen Bits episode. Contestant Olivia Hawkins was fuming during Tuesday's episode after Tom attempted to weasel his way out of his secret kiss with Ellie Spence. When Olivia found out she confronted him: "Do you have anything you want to tell me? Nothing about the terrace today?" Appearing baffled, Tom asked: "No, what?" before adding: "Nothing on the terrace today." Love Island airs on ITV2 on weeknights and Sundays from 9pm.