Manchester United owners the Glazers will give Erik ten Hag money to use in the summer transfer window should they remain at Old Trafford, according to reports. Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe have both lodged bids to purchase the Red Devils. However, a takeover is far from guaranteed at the current moment in time. Shortly after being publicly criticised by Cristiano Ronaldo in November, the Glazers confirmed they were open to a potential sale of United. And, since then, it’s emerged that Qatar and Ratcliffe are both eyeing the Red Devils. Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani has long been a fan of the club and has promised to provide ‘significant’ funds for United to bolster their squad. Ratcliffe, meanwhile, is also a supporter and has been eyeing the club for a number of years amid a desire to leave a legacy. The Glazers staying remains a possibility, however, with the Americans mulling over their options. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford And ESPN say they’re willing to give Ten Hag funds to strengthen the squad come the end of the season should they remain in the power positions. While that’s the case, however, United aren’t planning an ‘extravagant’ summer spend. Ten Hag has worked wonders at the club since his appointment, helping to lift morale following the shambles of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. United spent over £200million last summer, landing the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Antony and Casemiro. And they’re said to be mindful of FFP compliance, despite commercial, broadcast and matchday revenue streams ‘remaining strong’. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit For all of United’s improvement, however, they still want a world-class striker to lead their attack. Marcus Rashford has done well down the middle in recent matches but the England international is still better on the left, where he can cut inside. Anthony Martial is too injury-prone these days, with the France international missing more matches than he’s played in. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection while the club investigate the youngster. And while United did land Wout Weghorst on a temporary deal last month, it’s unclear if the Netherlands international will be signed permanently. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Harry Kane, of Tottenham, is one player United have interest in. The England international’s contract in north London is due to expire in 2024, meaning Spurs face selling him this summer or losing him for nothing. And Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko are also players of United at the current moment in time. Meanwhile, former United star Gary Neville recently expressed fears over the Glazers potentially staying as owners. "I think what scares Man Utd fans most is the feeling this Man Utd ownership are running this process to drive a massive price up to try to somehow establish a level which means two of them can stay in and the rest of the family that want out can be bought out by an American fund who wouldn't mind owning a minority or significant share but not the entirety of the share,” he said. "That's the biggest concern. The whole emphasis at this moment in time from Man Utd fans is this has to be the end of the Glazer ownership. "They've run out of money, they've not invested in the stadium… the fans want a new stadium, whether that's Old Trafford refurbished or a new one rebuilt, we need new facilities. Man Utd's stadium is behind a lot of the big [clubs] in Europe. "The sporting project they've failed on in the last 10 years since Sir Alex Ferguson left. It's doing quite well at the moment, third in the league but it's not where Man Utd want to be. "I still think there is a focus that this isn't one big charade that the Glazers are running to try to establish a value which would be for their brothers and sisters to exit and the couple that want to stay in to stay. “There's a priority at this moment in time for them to go."