Nicola Sturgeon's potential successor, a rising star within the SNP, has been tipped to be more dangerous for the Union than the former First Minister. A magazine editor has warned Unionists not to celebrate Nicola Sturgeon's resignation too quickly as a new rising SNP star tipped to replace her could be "more impressive, more persuasive – and more likely to win". First Minister Nicola Sturgeon bowed out of Scottish and British politics this week after announcing on Wednesday she was stepping down as the leader of the SNP. Those wishing no repeat of the 2014 Independence Referendum were jubilant given separating Scotland from the rest of the UK had been Sturgeon’s raison d'etre. Independence still remains the principle goal of her party however, and now other wouldbe leaders are emerging hoping they will be the one to achieve that mission. Writing in the Telegraph, Fraser Nelson highlights one particularly strong candidate being the Cambridge-educated accountant and current Cabinet Secretary for Finance and the Economy of Scotland, Kate Forbes. The editor of The Spectator writes: “This Cambridge-educated former accountant, now 32, is bad news for those of us who’d like to see the SNP as a spent force. Sometimes dubbed the 'Tartan Thatcher' (insofar as she talks about fiscal sanity), she spent much of her childhood in India where her father worked unpaid with doctors providing free healthcare in the slums.” Mr Fraser says he thinks any jubilation over the demise of Nicola Sturgeon, or for that matter Alex Salmond, is misplaced as he says Ms Forbes is “someone more impressive, more persuasive – and more likely to win”. Ms Forbes is currently on maternity leave following the birth of her first child and holds the seat of Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch which she won in 2016. A recent poll found Ms Forbes was the most popular choice to take over leadership of the SNP, with seven per cent of a sample of 1,415 Scottish voters choosing her over her peers, that included, among others, Humza Yousaf and Angus Robertson. Mr Fraser expands on his thoughts on Ms Forbes detailing how her Christian faith as a member of the Free Church of Scotland could tally with a role of First Minister. He notes: “She’s a convert to the Free Church of Scotland, which opposes gay marriage and has likened abortion to the evil of slavery. Nothing she has said suggested she demurs. “Hence the big question: is she simply too Christian to lead a modern political party?” But despite the potential clash of faith of politics Mr Fraser believes Ms Forbes would find it easier to navigate the gender politics and “wokery” which has so bogged down the SNP in recent months. He concludes: “As SNP leader, Forbes could disentangle nationalism and wokery. But how she’d get her message past the activists is another question entirely. “Forbes could offer a change of tone and direction, but the party members may still be more interested in looking for bigots and traitors than converts.” READ MORE: ‘There is no deal!’ Rishi Sunak issues major warning to EU over crunch Brexit talks Nicola Sturgeon sensationally announced she was standing down after eight years as First Minister this week, arguing that resigning is the best step for herself, her party and for Scotland. In a shock announcement, the SNP leader told a press conference on Wednesday that she believes it is the "time is now" to stand aside but denied she is reacting to "short-term pressures" after a series of political setbacks. The longest serving - and first female - First Minister said from her residence at Bute House in Edinburgh that she will remain in office while the SNP select her successor. "Since my very first moments in the job I have believed a part of serving well would be to know almost instinctively when the time is right to make way for someone else," she said. "In my head and in my heart I know that time is now. That it's right for me, for my party and my country." Ms Sturgeon, who guided the nation through the coronavirus pandemic and led the SNP to repeated election victories at UK, Scottish and local level, acknowledged the "physical and mental impact" of the role. "If the question is can I battle on for another few months then the answer is yes, of course I can," the 52-year-old said. "But if the question is can I give this job everything it demands and deserves for another year. let alone for the remainder of this parliamentary term, give it every ounce of energy that it needs in the way that I have strived to do every day for the last eight years, the answer honestly is different." The First Minister has suffered a series of political setbacks in recent months as her Government sought to push through gender reforms, only for them to be blocked by Westminster. She insisted the row surrounding a transgender double rapist being sent to a women's jail "wasn't the final straw" but said it is "time for someone else" to lead the party. Ms Sturgeon acknowledged the "choppy waters" but insisted her resignation was not in response to the "latest period of pressure". "This decision comes from a deeper and longer term assessment," she said. DON'T MISS: Marks and Spencer accelerate plans to close stores across UK - full list of locations