West Oxfordshire District Council has hit back after Jeremy Clarkson's hit Amazon Prime series saw him clashing with officials as the former Top Gear presenter has since been told he gets "no special treatment". It comes after viewers of Clarkson's Farm took to Twitter and hit out over the council's refusal to grant him planning permission. In episode five, Jeremy, 62, can be seen storming out of a planning application meeting, after his plans for a restaurant on the farm are refused. Fans of Clarkson's Farm took to social media and fumed at the council with some claiming they had a "vendetta" against Jeremy. Twitter user, Mark vented: "Watching Clarkson’s Farm on Amazon Prime. The fact West Oxfordshire council refused his planning permission for a local farm to fork restaurant is appalling. Way to put local farmers out of business, especially when you’re telling them to diversify @JeremyClarkson #ClarksonsFarm." K commented: "I’m shocked! Application refused appeal. I really want to come to your restaurant #ClarksonFarm @JeremyClarkson." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'need ongoing funds' claims Loose Women's Jane Moore Elliott added: "Just watched @JeremyClarkson and Clarksons Farm, and while obviously observing through the lenses of a TV show. Overall it appears to me that Didly Squat, its restaurant application and its partners have been the victims of some personal political games from its local council." Jason argued: "You support farmers diversification by refusing @JeremyClarkson application for a restaurant which will provide jobs and extra income for multiple farms. If it was called @KalebFarm would it have been approved?"  Kay tweeted: "Seams like you have a vendetta against @JeremyClarkson and local farmers everyone can see it. No parking which would help the parking issue. No restaurant which would help local farmers in their crisis and no track... But will let homes be built on land instead handouts?"  The council has since responded and said "Diddly Squat Farm must be treated like any other" following the backlash online. They emphasised that the proper procedures were followed in Jeremy's planning applications which included plans for a car park. Cars were seen queuing outside of the shop when it opened at the weekend. In a statement shared on their official Twitter account, the West Oxfordshire Council said: “We understand that the planning process shown in Season 2 of Clarkson’s Farm can seem obstructive and that people will be confused by the planning decisions at Diddly Squat Farm. DON'T MISS... Judge Robert Rinder hits red carpet days after 'life-changing' surgery[LATEST]Priscilla Presley hits out at US star after Elvis gifting claims[US]Jamie Oliver looks unrecognisable with new hairdo in Valentine's snap[PICTURES] “As with any other planning authority, we have a legal responsibility to make sure that planning laws and policies are followed correctly by everyone to manage development and protect local communities and the environment. “This is regardless of who they are and we treat Diddly Squat Farm no differently. Behind the scenes, we have worked with the owners and planning agents of Diddly Squat Farm over the past two years to try and reach a positive outcome where the business can operate within the planning laws and policies. They continued: "The work Diddly Squat Farm is doing to highlight the wider challenges faced by farmers is commendable and we support farm diversification to help local farmers bring in income as they have lost other funding. "Farming and rural businesses are incredibly important in West Oxfordshire and we sympathise with the challenges farmers face in running businesses, especially after the uncertainty caused by Brexit highlighted in Clarkson's Farm." The Oxfordshire council went on to say that officers and councillors have to make "difficult decisions" based on national law related to guidance and local policies. They added that Diddly Squat Farm is located in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (CAONB) and so they have to follow tighter "national planning laws" in order to protect the environment. Jeremy and the council have come head to head several times since he took over the farm in 2019. Many locals were dissatisfied with the business when the presenter decided to build a farm shop and restaurant.