It was the 1970s cliché of pampas grass, dinner parties and keys-in-a-fruit bowl but now suburban 'swinging' is returning according to a new study … which psychotherapists attribute to the post-pandemic gloom. Popular among the baby boomer suburban elite of the 1970s, the practice of the one-night-only switching partners before the digital age was also known as ‘key swapping’ at parties.  It soon became a cliché or urban myth - such as sexually liberal and curious homes boasting Pampas grass outside the porch. But now 50 years later, married dating app Ashley Madison asked its members what they’re planning to explore to perk up the cost-of-living gloom of 2023 - and one in five answered 'swinging'. Relationship Expert and Psychotherapist Lucy Beresford explained that Covid-19 and recent fears over tightened finances in 2023 have created a devil-may-care, new freedom feel among Britons. She said: "This is a legacy of the pandemic, which is a time when many people felt as though time was running out or were reminded that we only have one life. "As a result, people feel compelled to experiment more with things like swinging, sex toys or sexual kinks, or to lean into desires they have previously suppressed such as creating a more open relationship. "What we see is that a secondary relationship is a way for someone to feel more adventurous as well as feeling more desired."  Ms Beresford said people are "putting a priority on fulfilment in their intimate relationship" as a hangover to the frustration, restrictions and boredom of Covid-19 lockdowns. She added: "Swinging can expand a couple’s sexual repertoire. Not only can they experiment with new positions, they might find new feelings are being aroused. "And having other people in the relationship can also take the pressure off your partner being the one person to fulfil all your needs and expectations." As well as swinging, the popularity of sex toys remained strong with almost half putting it at the top of their list to try out in 2023.  Eight out of ten men (86 percent) and a similar number of women (81 percent) admitted they are more open to trying different types of sex and intimacy this year. The survey of 2,689 adults also revealed 39 percent of men and 31 percent of women would like to try an ‘open’ relationship. It also suggested a strong sexual connection with someone is more important than an emotional connection. When asked what made them feel more desirable 71 percent of the women who answered said a strong sexual connection, compared to 61 percent of men. Meanwhile, a strong emotional connection was more important to 55 percent of women and 44 percent of men. 