The final series will see Shaun Evans back as Endeavour Morse, while Roger Allam will return as the detective's sidekick DCI Fred Thursday. The new ITV series, set in the early 70s, finds Endeavour and Thursday entering a new era of professional and personal change. The drama will also see the return of some familiar faces along the way including Sam, played by Jack Bannon (Pennyworth), who arrives back from Northern Ireland following his service in the British Army. Shaun has starred in Endeavour since the beginning and has shot 36 films over 10 years. When looking back at his time on the show, the actor began: “I feel incredibly proud of Endeavour. "Grateful for the experience and proud of the work. Not only my own work but also the work of all of the other actors. "I’m proud that we’ve all been with it from the start and that everyone has brought their best work repeatedly to it. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub' "Including Russell Lewis, all of the executive team, all of the directors and all of the actors too. I just felt very grateful. But also that it was time to move on." Speaking about his stint as Endeavour Morse coming to an end, Shaun continued: "Of course, there is a degree of melancholy when you say goodbye to any experience. "But it’s a great feeling to be able to walk away and say, ‘I couldn’t have done more. There’s nothing more that I could have given. That’s it.’ That’s a nice feeling.” The first episode of series nine will be set in spring 1972 and will see Endeavour and Thursday solving two unexplained deaths. One that leads them to the Oxford Concert Orchestra, while a body discovered in a derelict warehouse stokes fears that ‘London business’ involving the criminal underworld has again found its way to Oxford. Thursday and Endeavour’s investigation unearths some unsettling connections to cases the duo believed were well and truly behind them. “It’s important to never be complacent with your work," Shaun explained when discussing his approach to the series set in 1972. "It galvanises people when you think, ‘We have to improve on what we have done last time.’ DON'T MISS...Outlander fans want to know about William and Brianna's relationship [INSIGHT]Vera's Riley Jones speaks out on co-star's exit [EXCLUSIVE]Capital FM hit with Ofcom complaints after 'disgusting' Turkey joke [REACTON] "It gets the best work out of everyone. So there is that aspect to it. “In terms of the story, there needed to be a full stop between Endeavour and the Thursday family. All parts of the Thursday family. "I felt that needed to be a very definite full stop.” Shaun also helped to direct the first episode of series nine, titled Prelude. "As a director I wanted it to be a real juxtaposition between the very decadent, rich, dark wood panelling around the orchestra against the dirty, empty, gnarly warehouse where a man is tortured and killed," the Endeavour Morse star added. "Along with all of the things that are happening with Thursday in his life. I wanted those worlds to be at odds. "The universe is expanding and contracting at the same time for these characters. “The orchestra looks authentic on screen. Kirstin Louie, who plays guest soloist Christina Poole, is a trained violinist as were many of the other actors." Endeavour returns to ITV on February 26 at 8pm.