The revolving door at the Ministry of Housing has been moving so quickly that it has been hard, at times, to keep up. And more importantly, it has created real uncertainty across the sector and meant the Government has been unable to implement consistent policies. What the property market needs more than anything right now are forward-thinkers. We need Ministers who can come up with big ideas that can help solve the main problem the sector continues to face - a lack of supply. We need to think outside the box - and I think we need to look at making it more difficult for overseas buyers to take advantage of the UK market. Under current rules, foreign buyers must pay a two percent surcharge and up to an additional five if the property isn’t going to their main home. But I think Ministers should hike the surcharge to four percent to help “level up” the market. Right now it is not a level playing field – foreign buyers must pay a two percent surcharge of Stamp Duty and up to an additional five percent if the property is not to be a main home. However, too many wealthy foreign buyers based in high income and low tax locations so this does not, in reality, appear to serve as much of a disincentive. In fact, the brief but significant collapse in sterling after the mini-Budget was a huge discount for foreign buyers. If buying at £500,000 in January ’22 versus January ’23, a US, Hong Kong or Saudi based buyer would have saved £50,000 making the minor decreases in UK property prices irrelevant. DON'T MISS:Kitchen pro shares how to optimise kitchen storage for free [COMMENT]10 crucial jobs to get your garden ready for spring [INSIGHT]Four houseplants ‘most effective’ at removing mould from your home [EXPLAINER] With the UK property supply crisis really acute this makes the matter of coming up with ways of helping UK citizens all the more urgent. My feeling is that there is scope to increase the SDLT from two percent to say four percent - this would potentially discourage buyers and level the playing field further. Even if it did not do that it would bring in additional funds for the Treasury which, either way, is not a bad thing. It could impact prices at the very top end of the market too in London especially and many would see that as a price worth paying. We obviously need to handle this matter carefully. Preventing foreign purchasers, or even forcing them to sell property already owned would send a shockwave through the economy and severely damage the UK market. It should also be considered whether that would be fair as 400,000 UK citizens own property abroad. But foreign ownership is reducing available stock in the sales and rental sector and pushing up prices. And, if other inequalities in housing are not addressed, this will continue to be a pressing issue for many. Right now we need to think bigger in terms of our ideas around housing and how to generate supply for those who still want to enter the market. According to the latest available data, overseas nationals own almost 250,000 homes across England and Wales. In the current market, that is £90.7billion worth of property, suggesting that the UK remains a safe haven for foreign homeowners. On a regional basis, London is home to the highest value of foreign owned homes, with the 85,451 properties belonging to overseas homeowners equating to a total value of £45.3billion. Westminster ranks top, with foreign owned homes commanding a current market value of £11.8billion, while in Kensington and Chelsea this total sits at £10.7billion. Tower Hamlets ranks third, although some way off the top two, with overseas homeowners sitting on £3.7billion worth of property, followed by Wandsworth (£3.3billion) and Camden (£3.2billion). Outside of the capital, Buckinghamshire is home to the highest value of foreign owned homes at £31.1billion, while Tandridge (£1.6billion), Liverpool (£1.4billion), Salford (£1.1billion) and Manchester (£1.1billion) also make the top 20 list. Unless we take action I think these figures will continue to rise long into the future.