Pep Guardiola has told Erling Haaland to learn from former transfer target Harry Kane to become even more prolific for Manchester City. Haaland has enjoyed an astonishing start to life in English football, but Guardiola is confident he can improve in different areas, including goalscoring. Since his £51million arrival from Borussia Dortmund in the summer, the Norwegian striker has scored 25 goals in his first 19 Premier League appearances. He is almost certainly locked in to claim the Golden Boot award in record-breaking style as he nears Mohamed Salah's 32-goal record in a 38-game league season. Haaland's closest competitor for the honour is Kane, a three-time Golden Boot winner, who has netted 16 times in 21 outings for Tottenham Hotspur this term. And Guardiola believes Haaland can learn from the England captain to individually level-up and help City improve as a team. He told reporters: "With Erling, one of the attributes I am surprised by the most is how he is aware that he can improve in many departments. DON'T MISS: Mason Greenwood saga divides Man Utd staff as some 'feel duty of care'  "I am pretty sure maybe watching Harry Kane - and other players too - that he has the will to say 'I can do better.' "With Erling's age, it is the best thing he can believe. Otherwise, it will be boring. Until we pass away, we can always improve. It is the only thing in our lives. Never, never stop." City will likely have to silence Kane if they are to prevent a fifth defeat in as many trips to Tottenham's new stadium on Sunday. They failed with an offer worth as much as £100m for the 29-year-old in June 2021, opting to wait to sign Haaland a year later. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  And after Chelsea smashed the British transfer record held by City to complete a £107m deal for Enzo Fernandez last month, Guardiola suggested he didn't regret refusing to overpay for Kane.  "What we have done over the years many times is that when the club decides it's too much, we don't take the player," Guardiola explained.  "I could explain three or four or five cases - but wouldn't talk about the players involved because they are at other clubs.  "But I have in my memory a few players where we were negotiating, but then we decided 'no, it's too much' - and we didn't do it." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!