New rules that came into effect yesterday increased the administrative threshold for single claimants and couples, meaning a person has to earn a larger amount to avoid being put in the intensive work search category. Those in this category have more stringent requirements to meet with a Jobcentre work coach and look for work. Changes came in on January 30 to increase the earnings threshold to £617 a month for single claimants and up to £988 for couples. The new rules began impacting claimants from February 26, the DWP said, because the assessment periods end before the next monthly amount of Universal Credit is calculated. The threshold was previously increased in September, to £494 per calendar month and £782 for couples, with some 114,000 more claimants given extra responsibilities to increase their earnings. The DWP said: "More than 120,000 working people on Universal Credit across Great Britain will receive a job support boost this spring. READ MORE: first direct increases interest rates on two savings accounts to offer 'better return'  “The Administrative Earnings Threshold (AET) determines which group a Universal Credit claimant is placed in based on how much they earn. "This in turn impacts the level of support they receive to find work and develop a career, and the types of activities they must undertake, such as searching for opportunities to take up more or better-paid work or researching new career options. “From the end of February, an increase to the threshold will mean more Universal Credit claimants will be moved from the 'Light Touch' group to the 'Intensive Work Search' group, helping them to get better-paid work and boost their long-term prospects." Claimants who are affected by the change will be issued new claimant commitments which will outline what they have to do.  These will be tailored to an individual’s circumstances and will take into account each person’s caring responsibilities or health conditions. Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, Mel Stride, said: "A hallmark of a compassionate society is giving those on low incomes the tools to progress and earn more. “It is important that we continue to deliver targeted support so that those in work have access to the expertise and guidance of our dedicated work coaches." The new threshold is the same as 15 hours a week at the National Living Wage for a single person, or 24 hours a week for a couple. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment - new details released Claimants will receive a message at the end of the first full assessment period that follows February 26. The Universal Credit taper rate, which is the amount of benefit that is deducted as a person’s wages go up, was reduced from 63p for each £1 of earnings to 55p for each £1 in 2021. The National Living Wage is increasing by 9.7 percent with the new tax year in April, going up to £10.42 an hour. Universal Credit payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April along with many other benefits, including PIP and Pension Credit. With the 10.1 percent boost, monthly payments for Universal Credit will go up to: