Meghan and Harry are making more money following their departure from the Royal Family but are forced to "work more", according to one writer. Following the Sussexes' step back from the Firm they have signed Netflix and Spotify deals as well as a deal with publisher Random House netting them millions. The Netflix deal alone is thought to be worth more than $100 million (£80 million), however Meghan and Harry likely earn tens of millions on top of this from their other ventures. "They are probably making more of a profit but they're also working more," said Forbes writer Carlie Porterfield. Following their split with the Royal Family, the Sussexes no longer receive money from the Firm. However, they are now free to pursue for-profit commercial ventures. Speaking on the outlet's YouTube channel, she added: "Senior working members of the Royal Family are not allowed to engage in commercial ventures, so they really don't make much of a profit, but if Meghan and Harry had stayed members of the Royal Family, they wouldn't have had to do this Netflix deal."  "So, fiscally, in terms of profit - if that's all you want. They are paying in a lot of other ways besides money," Ms Porterfield added. Prince Harry is rumoured to have received a $20 million (£16 million) advance for his tell-all Spare, although he previously said he would donate proceeds from the memoir to charity. The Prince has already given $671,000 (£500,000) to non-profit WellChild and $1.5 million (£1.2 million) Sentebale, an organisation he co-founded to help children at risk of HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'brings out the worst in Harry' after 'charming' prince The book sold 1.43 million copies on its release day in the US, UK and Canada alone, making it the fastest selling non-fiction book ever, according to the Guinness book of World Records. However, the couple's most lucrative deal is a five year contract signed with streaming giant Netflix in September 2020. It is thought to be worth an upwards of $100 million (£80 million). Add in the couple's deal with Spotify, thought to be worth $15 to $18 million (£12-14 million) - although some reports put that at $25 million (£20 million) - and the Sussexes' are reportedly making an upwards of $135 million (£109 million), as a low estimate. After stepping down from the Royal Family, it appears the Sussexes are certainly turning a profit, even if they are "paying in a lot of other ways" as Ms Porterfield says. 