But when faced with a candidate who gives honest answers to direct questions, many want her immediately eliminated because she has some counter-cultural views. What do we really want in a leader? Someone who speaks the truth, who values others, who possesses humility? Or do we just want someone who tells us what they think we want to hear, whether they believe it or not. Christians are unequivocally called to love God and to love their neighbours. Jesus was an embodiment of humility, selflessness, truth, and compassion, and we are called to be like him. Christians, therefore, ought to make good leaders, in theory at least! What we’ve seen this week is a backlash against someone who truthfully responded to tough questions. It’s okay for us to disagree with what Kate Forbes said, but is it okay to immediately write off and condemn someone for their values? Does this match our society's perception of itself as tolerant, diverse and free-thinking? No, it doesn’t. In a genuinely liberal society, differing world views jostle for space. None of them are neutral, and none of them have the right to be considered so. There is no default position. It’s both refreshing and uncomfortable to have different world views sitting alongside each other. Of course, I shared a similar experience to Kate Forbes. I resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats because my Christian faith was treated with suspicion. I don’t believe it’s liberal or beneficial for Christians to legislate to make people who aren’t Christians live as though they are, so I never did. But pointing people to my voting record wasn’t enough – they wanted to know what I thought. Back then, I was a rabbit in the headlights. My answers began truthful, became evasive, and ended somewhere in between. The interviewers who sat me down didn’t really want to understand, they wanted to expose. I’m not a headline anymore… I’m more animated roadkill! People (I think!) are much more curious as to why I believe what I do. In a pluralistic society, we shouldn’t cancel people who we disagree with. We should be intrigued as to why they believe what they do. Of course nobody will understand Christian worldviews unless they understand the rock – the person, Jesus Christ – on which they stand. If you’re going to give Kate Forbes 10 seconds to answer a question about gay marriage, you should also have the integrity and humility to ask more broadly about her faith. Hannah Arendt spoke of discovering your own humanity through encountering differences. If you’re locked in your own culture, your own bubble, you will never truly understand humanity. It is important to allow the maximum number of ideas to compete in the public space, in order to increase the chances of making the right decisions. We’re often trapped in echo chambers, spending our time - understandably - with people who think like we do.But we risk being shocked and appalled when we encounter a radically different worldview. A truly liberal society is one where our first response to a differing view is curiosity, not hostility. Liberals need to be more curious if they are to remain genuinely liberal. Christians who seek to live obediently to God’s teaching in the Bible should be kind, generous, and compassionate. We are fallen, sinful people who seek to be faithful to Jesus in response to his amazing grace in dying for us and saving us. All the same, the image of Christians is often marred by our apparent intolerance on issues of personal morality. Some Christians respond to this by getting out a black felt-tip pen and crossing out the most awkward bits of the Bible… but the correct option is for us to live out our faith in service of others, quietly obedient, gentle and sacrificially giving ourselves to our communities. A quick glance at the history books and you’ll see how christianity has been vital in implementing human rights, the rule of law, healthcare, and other cornerstones of modern society. Indeed, as Tom Holland points out, the values of western liberalism are inseparable from Christian teachings. Even the language we use to criticise Christianity is Christian in its nature. Ideas of justice, equality and human rights only emerge because the gospel shaped the values of the western world. On a practical level, The Trussell Trust was set up by Christians and spread through churches. 60 percent of food banks are linked to the Trust, and a further 20 percent are independently run through churches. The church is the largest non-government provider of health care worldwide, managing 26 percent of health care facilities globally. The Cinnamon Network calculated that time given by churches and faith groups to their communities through social action was worth more than £2.5billion a year. We may not label these actions as political, but they all reflect the engagement and care for local communities that is central to the Christian imperative to ‘love our neighbour’. If politics is all about how we run our society, Christians are at the coal face. With this in mind, is it fair to say that a Christian cannot be a leader in politics? Throughout the pandemic, we saw the positive work of faith organisations and the difference they can make to their communities. I hope when we think of Christian leaders, this is the image we have. Christians follow a man who modelled leadership perfectly and radically - by giving up his own rights to serve others, humbling himself and dying for his people. What a contrast to the worldly concept of leadership of lording it over others for your own gain! Having a faith, even a countercultural one, should not prevent you from being in a position of leadership. What should be important is whether you care about your community, you’re passionate about injustice, and - frankly - how talented you are.