Aaron Chalmers has confirmed to Express Sport that he is pursuing a two-fight deal with Jake Paul for an MMA and boxing doubleheader. The ex-Geordie Shore star is hoping to get the deal over the line after his upcoming exhibition bout with Floyd Mayweather. Paul, who is 6-0 as a professional boxer, recently signed with American MMA promotion PFL and is set to make his pro debut in late 2023 or early 2024. The deal also includes an exclusive partnership with the company to help launch its new PFL PPV Super Fight Division, which will give competitors a 50% cut of the PPV revenue as Paul continues to campaign for better fighter pay. Chalmers has fought professionally in both MMA (5-2) and boxing (1-0) and is hoping to face Paul in both disciplines as part of a two-fight contract. The Joker says that he will be ‘sitting down’ with PFL executives to discuss the MMA side ahead of their first fight card across the pond on March 25 at the Vertu Motors Arena in Chalmer’s beloved Newcastle. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, he said: “I’m well in with the PFL who Jake signed for so we’re going to have a sit down when they’re in Newcastle. I’m going to be doing a bit of work with them in March and we’re going to see if we can come up with something to get a double crossover fight between me and Jake in MMA and boxing. “It would be huge because Jake’s bread and butter is boxing and mine is MMA so it makes for an interesting two bouts. I was just speaking to James [Ferwin] (PFL Senior Vice-President) from the PFL yesterday and I said, ‘what’s the chances’ and he said, ‘after the Floyd fight it’s definitely something we can look at putting together’. “So, if we can get me and Jake done for later in the year in boxing then we can do it again around Christmas time in PFL.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury responds to 'pull out' claims after Paul press conference no-show Joshua vs Franklin almost scrapped as disaster avoided at last minute Tyson Fury already has next bout after Usyk clash pencilled in But before it can be made, Chalmers will have to get through his February 25 showdown with Mayweather first. The non-scoring bout is being staged at the O2 Arena, London in the boxing legend’s first fight on British shores. According to Chalmers, the clash will be fought over six or eight rounds and he is expected to weigh in no more than 72kg for the contest. Chalmers stepped in after the originally matched-up opponent, Muay Thai icon Liam Harrison, was forced to pull out due to an ongoing shoulder injury.