Vicky McClure, who has also recently starred in ITV dramas Trigger Point and Without Sin, got candid with singer-songwriter Tom Grennan. The BBC star admitted she "didn't know what she was doing" after the actress suffered a fashion faux pas. Vicky opened up about her past role starring in Madonna’s 2008 film Filth and Wisdom. The actress admitted she made the fashion blunder at the film's premiere where she opted for a more casual look. Speaking on The Tom Grennan Phone In, the Without Sin star was quizzed about dressing inappropriately. Vicky explained: "Yes, I definitely have and an occasion springs to mind straight away. READ MORE: Fern Britton's ex Phil Vickery gets cryptic in surprising tweet "So, many years ago, I did a film that was directed by Madonna. And we'd made the film and then we went to Berlin on her private jet, and we did this film premiere."  "I'm just gonna show you like, there was Holly (Weston) who was one of the other actresses and she's great. She had done a lovely job with this beautiful suit and then obviously Madonna looking fabulous. Eugene Hutz, he looked incredible." "What am I doing? What are these baggy brown boots that are really worn?" Vicky quizzed.  She added: "And in this awful, bless it, dress. Oh, no idea! Did not know! And I'm telling you now when there was a bank of photographers." The on-screen star was quizzed on Madonna's reaction to her modest attire. Vicky chuckled: “She was very kind about it because she never mentioned it but I bet she was thinking like ‘what is she wearing? This little cotton dress!’” The filmstar has previously opened up about meeting pop legend Madonna for the film which followed three Londoners dreaming of getting out of the rat race. DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon's Sort Your Life Out accused of animal cruelty[LATEST]Piers Morgan slams 'wokie' Alan Cumming as actor 'p***ing him off'[TWITTER]Davina McCall wows in sheer bodysuit for racy shoot with Amanda Holden[PICTURES] During a chat on The Graham Norton Show in 2017, Vicky also recalled the moment her mum met Madonna and admitted it could have gone better. She explained: “I took my mum to the premiere in New York and when Madonna asked her if she'd liked the film, she said, 'Vicky didn't think I would like it but it was alright! “I couldn't believe she had said that to Madonna. I was mortified!” Meanwhile, Vicky paid tribute to her "loyal to the core" dog Lollipop who has been "reunited with her sister". Taking to Instagram on Wednesday night, she penned: "Our Lol, our first family dog. Loyal to the core. It’ll be so strange without you. Reunited with her sister Molly now. "Rest well Lollipop. Love always." She was inundated with messages of condolences as social media users flooded the comment section. The Tom Grennan Phone In is available to listen here. Episodes are available weekly every Thursday.