King Charles is reported to not want to leave Prince Andrew homeless, despite reports that he faces being "evicted" from his £30million Windsor home, according to The Sun. The Duke of York may struggle to afford the upkeep at Royal Lodge if his annual £249,000 grant is removed in April.   It is understood that Royal Lodge, where the Prince, 63, lives with his ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson, also 63, requires extensive work. Sarah has a £5million townhouse in Mayfair and, in addition, spends a lot of time outside of the UK. The Duke of York stopped receiving public money when he stepped down from royal duties in 2019. Prince Andrew's home is a 30-room mansion with a swimming pool set on 98 acres. The 17th-century property also has a driving range and a private chapel and was used for Princess Eugenie’s wedding reception. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice lives in £3.5million home in The Cotswolds  The Duke of York reportedly signed a 75-year lease for the property in 2003 for a one-off payment of £1million, so likely thought he'd be staying there for the rest of his life. What is the rest of the property like inside?  The house didn’t become a royal residence until 1812 when King George IV moved into the property and had alterations made by the legendary architect John Nash. These alterations included pretty verandas, a thatched roof and other decorative additions that transformed the house into a more aesthetic home, and was known as the "King’s Cottage". During this time, the Royal Chapel of All Saints was built on the Royal Lodge estate. This was most recently the scene of Princess Beatrice’s wedding in 2020. In the early 19th century King William IV had the pretty cottage demolished (with the exception of the elegant conservatory) and a new property built. The new building was a handsome stucco-fronted house set over three storeys, with additions and extensions added over the years. In the 1930s the 98-acre estate was granted to King George VI and his young family as a country retreat from their urban townhouse in London. Further extensions were made to the property, now known as the Royal Lodge. These included the addition of wings to either side of the home and the introduction of the "Y Bwthyn Bach". READ MORE: Princess Diana's go-to £40 lip balm launches a new formula   This is a thatched miniature cottage gifted to the late Queen, which still stands in the gardens of Royal Lodge today. The large Grade-II property has remained essentially unchanged since the 1930s, and features a total of 30 rooms including seven bedrooms over the top two floors, as well as the "formal room". This is a spacious drawing room with intricate mouldings and millwork, a tall ceiling, and large arched windows opening onto the rear terrace. The room still features the same sizeable antique rug, tapestries and furnishings as it did when the Queen Mother resided at the lodge until her death at the residence in 2002.    The following year Prince Andrew was granted a lease on the estate, which has remained his and his family’s primary residence ever since.  When the current Duke of York moved into the lodge, he had a £7.5million refurbishment carried out, bringing the estate up to code. It is believed the estate could now be worth £30million if the property became available to the open market. The estate not only features the sizeable main property but also comes with the royal chapel, a gardener’s cottage, six lodge cottages and security accommodation, all sitting within 98 acres of lush Windsor land.