Death in Paradise is nearing the end of its 12th series, and DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) has fans of the BBC comedy drama questioning how long he has left on Saint Marie island. Unlucky in love Neville finally seems to have found the one in Sophie Chambers (Chelsea Edge), and viewers have predicted he could leave his role and return to the UK with her. Producer of the series, Tim Key, has finally given an update about the show's future and explained the power lies with BBC bosses. Death in Paradise is normally given the green light for another series before the current one ends, so fans are hoping the announcement will be just around the corner. Tim explained: "We're going to keep on going as long as people watch the show, and loads of people watch the show — we love it." Talking to Digital Spy, he added: "We'll keep making it as long as the audience loves watching it. "So, I don't know about another renewal, but we're ready to do it again if we're asked to do it again." READ MORE: J Lo’s warning to Ben Affleck in tense Grammys chat uncovered Ralf is currently the longest-serving detective character, so it wouldn't be too surprising if he decided to wrap up his time on the island soon. However, the series is full of unexpected twists and turns, so it could be that he remains with or without Sophie. Fans are also looking forward to the release of the Death in Paradise spin-off, Beyond Paradise. Starring former detective actor Kris Marshall, the series will be coming to the BBC very soon. Beyond Paradise follows DI Humphrey Goodman and his fiancée Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) after the couple left Saint Marie in 2017. Humphrey left the island to start a new life with Martha after the pair finally became an item once he moved back to London. Beyond Paradise will take place far away from Saint Marie in Shipton Abbot. Kris recently talked on The One Show about his new venture. DON'T MISS... Paul Martin opens up on ‘privilege’ of hosting new series [EXCLUSIVE]Love Island fans fume Shaq should 'mind your own business' over Tanyel [REACTION]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sean Tully will die off-screen [THEORY] He explained: "Well I think there’s possibly even more sunshine. It was hot! “My producer sent me a text on the first day because I’d often complain about the heat in the Caribbean. So, he sent me a text and said, ‘how’s it going?’” Kris took over from Ben Miller on Death in Paradise back in 2014. After his exit, Ardal O’Hanlon replaced him, and each new detective entertain to attract audiences in their unique ways. With a spin-off on the way and series 12 still left to conclude, it's safe to assume there will be a new series of the hit show. With Neville seeming keen to settle down with Sophie if things go well, fans seem more concerned about whether or not the quirky detective will also be back on screens in a new series. The actor has kept quiet about plans so far but recently teased how fans will  "freak out" over this week's instalment. Death in Paradise series 12 airs on Friday nights on BBC One. Spin-off, Beyond Paradise, will premiere on February 24 on BBC One.