A wood burner is not only a source of warmth, it is also a focal point within a home. However when used regularly, soot may build up on the glass door, which can drastically reduce the view of the fire. The most common cause of this is when wood with a moisture content higher than 20 percent is burnt or if a burning log is touching the glass. To remove the marks that form on the glass cleaning enthusiasts have taken to social media to share their top tips. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook one woman shared how she removed residue build up that “wouldn’t budge” on her log burner glass. Posting a picture of her “gleaming” wood burner, Karen Garden said: “Always used to clean the inside glass of my log burner with wet wipes and kitchen roll, but felt that there was a little residue build up that wouldn’t budge. “I followed a tip that I had heard about rubbing ash on with newspaper and sure enough it removed any residue left and came up gleaming. Would thoroughly recommend this tip.” The post received over 200 comments from fellow group members, with many keen to share their opinions. READ MORE: DIY pro shares how to ‘successfully’ paint radiator and what to avoid Phyllis Connolly Behan said: “Yes my daughter told me about that when I got my stove, it's brilliant.” Hannah Cole commented: “This always works for me. My stove glass gets dirty so quickly and using this hack the black stubborn stains dissolve.” Sadie Leeson wrote: “Ash with newspaper is an amazing remedy. Wipe across the glass and the black disappears. Make sure to wet the newspaper first.” Angela Gardener replied: “We had this same recommendation from a wood burner dealer. We went there asking for a product to clean the glass, he showed us something really expensive, and then said ‘but this is what we do’ and went on to explain the ash and newspaper method. Brilliant - always works.” DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [TIPS]‘Essential’ factor for orchids to produce ‘beautiful blooms’ [EXPERT]Five ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February [INSIGHT] Carol Butler said: “Ash from the fire on wet newspaper or kitchen roll, then buff up with dry kitchen roll. Works every time.” Diane Kendall wrote: “Damp newspaper and ash from the fire - cheap and works a treat. The fans are great to push the heat into the room.” Gill Cobbs commented: “I’m a cleaner and a lot of my clients use this method. It works well." For those who want to try this hack out for themselves, they should start by grabbing a soft cloth and wipe down the inside of the glass. READ MORE: ‘Correct’ method to wash towels for ‘fluffy’ results - avoid mistakes Then scrunch up some newspaper into lightly packed balls, before dampening it ever so slightly and dipping it into the wood ashes (either those still in the stove or some you have retained when emptying the stove pan). Now scrub the glass with the newspaper, using a circular motion until the soot residue comes away. Periodically wiping the ash and dirt away with a clean damp cloth will help you see the progress. It is not just Mrs Hinch fans who recommend this wood burner cleaning hack, also stove experts at Ignite Stoves do. They said: “Using the vast array of glass cleaning products available it is relatively easy to clean your glass. These can set you back a few pennies and are perfect for cleaning stubborn stains on the glass. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “However, there is one method to clean the glass on your wood burning stove that we tell our customers about which may come as a surprise. “Rather than using the stove glass cleaning products you’ve purchased, simply use the wood ash within the stove to clean the glass. Yes, that’s right the ash byproduct from burning wood in your stove can be used to clean the glass. "We’d heard about this trick and for a long time, doubted it’s effectiveness. However, a few years ago when we tried it, we couldn’t believe how well it worked. “So, if you’re wondering how to clean your stove glass and want excellent results whilst saving a bit of money, then it’s definitely worth giving this a go.”