Putting on a bra each day might be second nature for many people who may not think too much about how they put it on. However, according to a professional bra fitter, three common ways of putting on your lingerie are actually the "worst". Kimmay Caldwell is a professional undergarment educator and bra fitter with years of experience working for luxury lingerie and department stores including Sakes Fifth Avenue and La Perla. She explained that putting on your bra can actually make a huge impact on how supportive it is in the long run. Kimmay, who runs a blog and also shares video content on her TikTok page @hurraykimmay, explained: "These are the three worst ways I have seen people put on their bra and believe me I have seen many terrible ways to put on your bra, but these are just the worst." The first is a method that Kimmay describes as "the over-the-head style". She demonstrates how some people will keep the back of their bra fastened, and instead pull it over their head in a similar way to a T-shirt. The bra specialist explained: "If your bra has a back clap it's not designed to be able to fit over your shoulders and then to your upper bust. It is just going to stretch it out." READ MORE: Bra fitter's method to find your 'perfect' bra size Much like pulling the bra overhead, Kimmay also notes witnessing some people "stepping into" their bra too. "Once again if your bra has a back clasp it shouldn't be able to fit over your hips and then fit underneath your bust," continued Kimmay. "It's just going to stretch out over time and won't actually give you the support that it's supposed to." However, perhaps the worst offender is one of the most common methods, and in fact, Kimmay admits it's something she used to do herself. "Fun fact, this is the way my mum taught me to put on my bra - thanks mum," said Kimmay. "This is called the 'crush, spin and flip' where you push the cups against your body and if they are moulded you are completely denting them. Then you spin it around which completely stretches out the band, which is the most important part of the bra, and then flip it up - this is the number two way that underwires pop out. And then you yank it up and just completely warp and stretch out the bra." DON'T MISS'Amazing' products to reduce 'premature ageing' on skin [VIDEO]'I'm 48 but I look like I'm in my 30s - follow my formula' [EXPLAINER] Twitter users erupt over Grammys clip of Taylor Swift [ANALYSIS] Instead, Kimmay explained the "best way" to put on your bra, which will extend its lifespan and ultimately make sure you don't stretch it out. "Ideally you want to put your bra on straps first and then pull it down underneath, you can even lean over and get them in there if you need to," explained Kimmay. "Then hook it in the back behind you. Next, take the cup or the wire back if there is one and invite your whole bust inside. I like to think of this as inviting everyone to the party, bringing them all in." She continued: "Putting your bra on this way will help your bra last longer because you aren't stretching out the band, denting the cups or ruining the underwire. And I know some of you might be thinking: 'There's no way I can do this', but with a little bit of practice you will be able to." Although there are professional bra fitting services available, many people prefer to measure their own bust at home. This can be done while wearing a bra or sports bra. In order to measure your bra size correctly, you will need a soft fabric tape measure which can be passed around your body. Step one: Measure underneath your bust To begin, take the tape measure and wrap it around the ribcage directly beneath your bust. You should ensure the tape is in a straight line and is snug but not too tight. Look at the number on the tape measure and round up to the nearest even number - this is your band size. Step two: Measure your bust Next, you need to measure the area directly underneath your bust. Once again, you should ensure the tape is snug but not too tight and that it is in a straight band all the way around. This is best done directly across the centre of your bust. It can be helpful at this point to take a deep breath in and out to ensure the tape isn’t too tight. Round the number to the nearest whole number, for example, if the measurement falls on the half inch, round it up. To find out your cup size, first, subtract your band measurement from your bust measurement and refer to the cup size chart below. Cup size conversation chart