A British former medical student languishing in a prison in Syria after joining ISIS claims he has the “right” to face “face the music" of justice in the UK. Jihadist Ibrahim Ageed, now 29, was one of a group of students, including his brother Mohamed, who travelled to join the Islamic State in 2015. Originally from Leicester, Ageed is now locked up in Al-Sina Prison in Al-Hasakah, in north east Syria, otherwise known as Rojava. In an interview with The News Movement reporter Lucy Marley, Ageed, who was 21 when he signed up for the death cult, has been pictured for the first time in Syria. He said about a hoped return to the UK: “I believe I'll be subjected to the justice system but I'm ready to face the music and I believe it's my right basically to go back home.” Ageed revealed he still had a wife who he met when they were both 23 in the caliphate and they have two children, a third child died. Ageed would not reveal where his wife was, but said he had no means of communication with her. The son of a doctor in the UK, Ageed said he had been “completely isolated” during his incarceration and that ISIS had been “weakened” since the war with coalition, Syrian and Kurdish forces. He said: “I think they've been significantly weakened, whether they have the ability to resurge or not. I'm not sure I've been completely, I've been completely isolated for like nearly four years now. “I haven't seen the news outside. I don't know what's happening. Whether you can completely rid the world of these groups is a very difficult task, I'm not sure to be honest.” Ageed and his brother were in their final year at the privately-owned University of Medical Sciences and Technology (UMST) and had previously studied at fee-paying Loughborough Grammar School. According to the Sunday Times both were friends on Facebook with Suhaib Majeed, 22, one of two men from London jailed for life in April 2016 for plotting to kill soldiers and police in drive-by shootings. Majeed, a physics student at King's College London, acquired a gun for the planned massacre and was in contact with Isis handlers in Syria. His co-conspirator Tarik Hassane, 22, is a former UMST student nicknamed “the Surgeon”. Ageed’s interview comes of the most well-known British former ISIS membr, Shamima Begum, featured in a BBC documentary on Tuesday night, The Shamima Begum Story. Begum is currently having her case reviewed by the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC) which is expected to deliver a verdict in coming months. READ MORE: Standing ovation as Zelensky thanks UK and declares 'I am here on behalf of our warriors' The Syrian Defence Force (SDF) has come under increasing pressure to guard former ISIS men and women and children held at a number of prisons and camps across north east Syria. Threats from Turkey to launch a ground assault of the region has also added to security concerns and the ability of the detain centres to be maintained. In January last year a 10-day battle around a prison break attempt in Hasakah drew both both American and British ground and air forces into combat in support of their local allies. The fighting left more than 500 people dead, around two thirds of which were suspected Islamic State members, according to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF). During the documentary filmed by The News Movement entitled “ISIS Camps at Breaking Point” a female former member of ISIS Hoda Muthana was also interviewed at a camp called al-Hol, the same place Shamima Begum is detained. Muthana is the daughter of a US-based Yemeni diplomat. Speaking to Muthana Lucy Marley asked if ISIS were still a “big threat”?. Muthan responds: “ISIS keeps threatening even this camp and saying that one day we will free you. And one day we will come help and attack the administration and stuff and nobody wants to be saved by them, you know. Everyone wants to go home. Not everyone but most people I talk to. We just want to go home we don't want to be saved by them you know. Muthana said she still had some hope ISIS would be stopped attacking her camp, she said: “I feel like I have enough hope in the system that that won't be able to happen because of the strong security around us. It is still scary to think that ISIS could do something even inside the camp you know.” DON'T MISS: Erling Haaland 'makes request to lawyers' with Man City star planning to jump ship