Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has identified three reasons why he believes Manchester United’s Marcus Rashford will be named the Premier League Players’ Player of the Year over Erling Haaland. The England star has 12 fewer goals than Manchester City’s talisman in the competition despite his stunning form since the World Cup, but Carragher feels that Rashford may still get the nod from his peers. Carragher outlined that players take more notice of who is in the better form closer to when they are given their balots, as Rashford has failed to score in just one league game since returning from the World Cup. While Haaland’s goal tally is considerably higher, the ex-Reds defender feels that the early season strikes that put the Norwegian at the summit of the top scorers’ list will not hold as much weight in the argument. Carragher also feels that Rashford being a more “complete” striker than Haaland will influence voters, while they will resonate with his resurgence having had his place at United questioned last season amid a disappointing campaign. “Step aside Erling Haaland. Marcus Rashford is currently producing performances of a complete Premier League striker,” Carragher wrote for The Telegraph. “If votes were being cast this week, the Manchester United attacker would surely command most support from his peers. Haaland hit the ground running after joining Manchester City and remains on course for the Golden Boot. “Rashford’s form under Erik ten Hag is taking his game to that next level. His all-round displays this season are superior to Haaland’s because United are set-up to get the most from him. “I am not for one second suggesting Rashford is a superior striker and footballer to Haaland. But the PFA Player of the Year vote is all about timing. Having been in a dressing room when the forms arrived to fill in, I can assure you no-one is thinking about who was the best player in September and October.” DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Rashford will have a chance to claim the first silverware of the season on Sunday as United take on Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. Ten Hag has confirmed that the forward is a doubt for the match, having picked up a knock in the Europa League victory over Barcelona on Thursday, but Carragher feels that if a fit Rashford can inspire United to cup final victory then it would further persuade voters to name him player of the year. “It is the six weeks before the vote that is most influential,” Carragher added. “So if Rashford inspires United to victory over Newcastle United in Wembley’s Carabao Cup final what might now be a 50-50 shout will edge in his favour. Rashford’s revival is an inspiration for every footballer suffering a tough time. When hard work meets immense talent, it can and will come good.” FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.