Over the past few weeks, Emmerdale fans have seen Sam Dingle (played by James Hooton) and Lydia (Karen Blick) continue to struggle with money. In scenes set to air next week, it looks as though penniless Sam will be faced with yet another devastating blow after trying to help his granddaughter Esther. Recently in the soap, viewers have seen Sam’s young son struggle with becoming a father himself after Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) gave birth to their baby in the 50th-anniversary storm. However, Samson (Sam Hall) has made it abundantly clear he wants nothing to do with baby Esther and even went to extreme lengths to try and get her removed from Amelia’s care. Although Sam shares other views with his son as he wants to help support the young mother and his granddaughter. Last week, he tried to take matters into his own hands in a bid to aid the baby and tried to steal some necessities from the shop READ MORE:Emmerdale exit for Cathy as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis  Trying to distract Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) while he shoplifted, he was thrown off guard when a suspicious Pollard confronted him. Trying to make a swift exit, the former B&B owner tried to catch Sam but tripped and hit his head, leaving him unconscious. With the police being called after the incident, Eric told Sam he would’ve given him the nappies had he asked. After being arrested on theft and assault, Sam and Lydia feared he’d be heading off to prison due to his past criminal record.  However, in scenes set to air next week, he’s given a lifeline when Pollard comes up with a way to make amends. Both Lydia and Sam are thrilled to learn that he’s decided not to make a statement against him on the incident that happened. Overjoyed that there’s one less issue to worry about, gratefulness quickly turns to concern when Pollard tells him that in order to pay off his dues, he’ll work for him unpaid. With financial strain already on the duo who are struggling to earn enough money to heat their house and provide for their granddaughter, it’s another blow for Sam. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice's Siva Kaneswaran dealt crushing blow before show [DANCING ON ICE] Coronation Street's Aaron Sandford star on future after rape plot [INSIGHT] Strictly’s Janette Manrara ‘over the moon’ about becoming a parent [VIDEO]   However, many viewers have slammed Sam's poverty storyline with many saying it's ridiculous. Timbogee999 said: "This living crisis storyline is ridiculous, Sam and Lydia both work, Zak will get his pension, they live in a house with no mortgage or rent. And if it was so bad why are they always in the pub, cafe or the hide, every episode there is one of them." Triplec55 added: "This poverty plea would be much more believable if they didn’t have what seems like every meal and every drink, every day, in either the cafe or the Hide. If you were struggling for money wouldn’t you shop cheaply and eat at home like the rest of the nation?" With aldismaldi commenting: "Sam literally bought a sausage butty in the cafe whilst saying he was skint. Asks Cain for cash who had just paid for their boiler." Elsewhere in the soap, fans will see Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) continue to battle with his mental health following the breakdown of his marriage to Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). After fleeing the village, his family and friends have been left concerned for his well-being, however, he’s soon set to make a comeback. Although his return is bittersweet as unbeknownst to them, Paddy has gone back to say goodbye as he plans to take his own life. Speaking about the storyline, actor Dominic revealed although his character will accept help, it won’t be the end of his struggles, he said: “‘I don’t think they’re going to just drop it and move on. “It’s going to be an ongoing thing, quite a bit of it on camera involving other people from the village, some people out of the village. “Some people get very very embarrassed in these situations and they don’t want to speak to friends but they will go and speak to somebody else that they don’t know. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV1, and streams on ITVX. 