Family and friends of a teenage girl have demanded a probe after the 19-year-old girl died by “falling off a bed”. The deceased, Kristal Taylor, reportedly suffered severe head injuries after she was found unconscious in her home in Queensland.  According to a news report, neighbours in her area heard screaming from the homes in the days leading up to the incident. The teenager was discovered unresponsive by paramedics in a home in Bundamba, a suburb of Ipswich, Queensland, at 9.30pm on Saturday. She was rushed to Princess Alexandra Hospital in Brisbane with critical head injuries, but died on Sunday night. According to a news report by MailOnline, it is believed that a man who was inside the home on the Saturday night called an ambulance after she suffered head injuries.  Daily Mail Australia revealed neighbours heard "yelling and screaming" coming from the home in the days leading up to the incident. While the homicide squad is assisting Queensland Police, Taylor's death is not being treated as a murder investigation. Heartbroken family and friends have since shared touching tributes to the young woman who had attended Bundamba State Secondary College. "You will forever be in my heart Krystal," a loved one posted. READ MORE: Forensic expert believes Nicola Bulley 'is not in the river' "You were taken way too soon and to think your 20th was in less than 2 weeks. "You were a major joy in our lives! I can't believe I have to say goodbye. "I enjoyed every single moment with you. "You will NEVER be forgotten beautiful." DON'T MISS:Charles and Camilla will get new thrones for Coronation - new details [REVEAL]Scientists respond to 'cosmic mystic's' prediction of Turkey quake [INSIGHT]Serial rapist David Carrick locked victims in tiny cupboard [SPOTLIGHT] Another person close to Ms Taylor said the young woman "truly walked her own path". Others said: "Sending hugs to your family" and "Rest in Peace gorgeous." A third wrote: "Fly high Krystal, thanks for sparking joy in those who found themselves within your world." Forensic officers have cordoned off the property and are continuing to comb the home for evidence. 