To mark the season of romance, the beloved Brendan Penny will make his TV comeback with Valentine in the Vineyard and A Dash of Love. Ahead of their showing on the GREAT! Romance channel, the actor spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and reflected on his time on Chesapeake Shores.  When it comes to romantic comedies, Brendan is one of the most familiar faces on TV after devoting the majority of his career to the genre. He is well-recognised for his portrayal of Nate DeLuca for the Hallmark channel’s In The Vineyard movie series. This is as well as his starring role in 2017’s A Dash of Love where he played the executive chef Paul Dellucci. Brendan’s extensive list of TV credits also includes the hit TV show, Chesapeake Shore in which he starred for six seasons. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore  While fans were devastated when the show came to an end last year, Brendan’s character Kevin O’Brien met his happy ending. During the finale, Kevin and his wife Sarah Mercer (Jessica Sipos) welcomed their firstborn child, thus extending the line of the beloved O’Brien family. Reflecting on his time on the show, Brendan highlighted his most memorable moments as Kevin. The actor shared: “Some of my favourite moments were in the first season when I'm kind of blown up and I'm in the hospital bed in my house and I'm all messed up.   “There's another scene where I confessed to Treat [Williams] about losing my best friend and then in the last season when I need to talk to my family because we had a miscarriage. “Those three scenes really are what I recall as my favourite moments,” Brendan told Express.co.uk. The star also praised the network for its feel-good movies. As he stated: “Hallmark Channel movies and TV shows that are all about feeling good and trying to show the best in everyone in the audience can feel good about themselves.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Will Taylor dies after Caleb's link to DI Malone 'exposed' [THEORY]Is Jesse Metcalfe leaving Chesapeake Shores? [INSIGHT]Netflix confirms Pornhub documentary exploring dark side of internet [INSIGHT] Brendan added: “I really enjoyed being given the opportunity to play those heavier scenes and I wanted to play them as truthful and honest as possible. And I feel like I did that.” Thankfully for fans, they will be able to see more of Brendan on GREAT! Romance this week as Valentine in the Vineyard and A Dash of Love will hit the screens. Valentine in the Vineyard is the third addition to the In The Vineyard movie series. It follows a family of winemakers as they plan a wedding while also executing a high-stakes business expansion.   As for A Dash of Love, the movie tells the story of an aspiring chef Nikki Turner (Jen Lilley) who gets her dream job at a restaurant run by her idol and she befriends an executive. However, things change when they both are wrongly fired from the job. Fans will have to tune in to see how things will turn out for Nikki and Paul. GREAT! Romance is available on Freeview 52, Freesat 303, Sky 319 and Virgin 424. 