Frankly even I’m growing a bit weary of that old chestnut. Instead, in the aftermath of an abruptly ended 16-year relationship, I want to discuss something rarely mentioned – the ramifications for the whole family. There are devoted mothers, tiger mothers and then there is Gloria Hunniford. Her vivacious captivating presenter daughter Caron Keating, adored by Blue Peter viewers far and wide died, aged 41, in 2004. Ever since Gloria, below, has consecrated Caron’s memory by raising money through the Caron Keating Foundation to combat the breast cancer that killed her. On Sunday, aided and abetted by Christopher Biggins, Strictly professionals, Lord Archer, Tony Christie and Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Gloria presided over her annual fundraising tea dance. At 82 she is indefatigable, irrepressibly glamorous and driven by a desire to turn her grief into a force for good. How much longer must we wait to call her Dame Gloria? John Lewis fashionistas have declared the floral midi dress is dead “although women love them”. I can feel the rumbles as my businessman father is turning in his grave. Retail is a nightmare business. Enticing precious customers off their sofas and over your establishment’s threshold is fraught with failure. Once inside, wallet akimbo, the customer wants to buy something she actually likes. Women of all ages shapes and sizes adore the floral midi dress. It is flattering, feminine, can be dressed up or down and is the go-to for weddings funerals and all points in between. We will not be dictated to. If we can’t find our beloved frocks in one emporium we’ll find another supplier. JL save yourselves and take heed. Claudia Winkleman’s fringe is so iconic it propelled its owner on a sell-out national tour. Fans joined Claudia, below, onstage to have local crimpers chop cheeky copies of Claudia’s bangs into their own barnets. Moaners may deluge the BBC with complaints that they can’t gaze into Claudia’s hazel eyes and ask impertinently if a nest of squirrels has taken lodgings there. We women of a certain age know that a cunningly cut fringe saves hundreds on Botox and flicked alluringly enhances flirtation as effectively as a veil. On my first solo St Valentine’s Day since 1975, I wish you season’s greetings. Singledom hasn’t been my thing. I’ve been romantically entangled with the briefest of hiatuses for 48 years. Now footloose, free of the usual expenditure on cards and devices to help sprinkle hearts on coffee, you might think I’d morph into Mrs Sensible and give the whole schmaltzy shebang a miss. Not a bit of it. I’m busily amassing heart-shaped waffle makers, tiny baskets planted with hyacinth bulbs, four sweet and sentimental cards and chocolates aplenty. Zekey, nine, Neroli, seven, AJ, three, and Cecily who at just four months is too young for the tuck will be the target of my pet Cupid’s arrows. I can’t help it. There’s a whole lot of St Val left in me yet! Rihanna chooses the US Super Bowl to reveal a tiny neat bump and proclaim her pregnancy. Congratulations to the star who strutted her stuff with dazzling insouciance at a time when lesser females are more inclined to be kneeling on the bathroom floor, head down the loo, hair lank, skin blotchy, gums bleeding, boobs aching, longing for it to be over.