Arsenal could run the risk of needing to trim a hugely inflated wage bill if they end up signing Barcelona starlet Ansu Fati at the end of the season, according to reports. The Gunners are already believed to be drawing up their plans for the summer market and have been credited with an interest in Fati, who continues to be linked with a future move away from the Nou Camp. The 20-year-old winger has only started nine of the 31 games he has played in all competitions over the course of this season, leading to some big questions being asked about his long-term future at Barcelona. Arsenal are keeping a close eye on the situation in case the Catalan giants decide to sell up according to reports in Spain, which have also stated that Tottenham are hoping to mount an approach of their own when the current campaign ends.Fati's arrival at the Emirates Stadium could be a shrewd one for Arsenal, who increased their depth in the wide positions with the January signing of Leandro Trossard but may benefit from another tricky winger to give Mikel Arteta another dangerous option in attack. However, his sky-high wages could pose a problem for the Gunners if he ends up joining the club at some point in the not-too-distant future.He currently pockets around £237,000 per week at Barcelona, according to fbref, which would put him among the very highest earners on Arsenal's books. Gabriel Jesus currently makes the most money at the club with a weekly salary of £265,000 per Spotrac while Thomas Partey is on the club's second-most lucrative contract at around £200,000 each week. JUST IN: Jose Mourinho 'has condition for leaving Roma' amid Chelsea links It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will eventually decide to act on their interest in Fati, who remains tied down to Barcelona until the summer of 2027 as things stand. Any move would certainly not come cheap for the north Londoners and it will be up to Arteta and technical director Edu to decide if he is worth the significant financial outlay that would be required to bring him to the club when the bidding opens in the summer.Barcelona's financial situation means they need to raise money from somewhere, which suggests that at least a few player sales could be on the cards at the end of the season. Fati reportedly has a release clause of £888million written into his current deal with the Catalan giants, although their stance could soften as a result of their bid to generate funds before next season gets underway. However, there is a chance that Fati could ultimately decide to stay put after insisting in December that he is not overly concerned with his recent lack of action at the Nou Camp."Yes, it’s true that I expected that I would play more," he said. "I want to play but I understand that the coach [Xavi] is the one who decides, and I have to give my best every day to be able to turn it around."I think every coach has their own way of seeing things. Everyone has their own way of being, explaining and playing. In the end, Luis Enrique and Xavi are different, but because one is coaching a club and another a national team. I see them both differently." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.