Marital bliss is hard to come by, and couples will often squabble about the most random things. When one husband took to Mumsnet to complain about his wife's relationship with his dog, the forum was up in arms. An anonymous husband took to Mumsnet to vent about an issue concerning the ownership of his beloved dog. With the subject titled "It's my dog, not our dog", he posed the question, 'Am I being unreasonable?". The man explained that he and his wife lived in two separate houses, him in the countryside and her in the city. A few years into their marriage he decided to buy a dog as he had lots of room to raise one in the country home. READ MORE: Woman shares worst first date experience - 'his evil twin turned up'  He raised him, trained him and keeps him at home with him, aside from the "odd" business trip which might take him away for a week each time. This means that two or three times a year he leaves his dog with his wife to look after. He revealed that his wife "indulges" the dog which can sometimes "undermine" his training, however the real "issue" is that she refers to his dog as "our" dog. He continued: "She got quite upset about that and said because we’re married we share everything, and hence the dog is our dog. "I love my dog very much and invested so much time in bringing him up well and looking after him. "He has a great, happy life with me in the countryside. I regard him as my dog and I don’t like it that she simply assumes there is this joint responsibility and custodianship." He asked the forum if he was being "unreasonable" for wanting his wife to suggest that they are joint parents of his dog. Mumsnet users flocked to the comments and many suggested he was taking the situation too seriously, with some arguing he does not "like" his wife. READ MORE: Number one problem couples face over 50 - and how to fix it One user stated: "Yes he’s your dog but I don’t know why you needed to be so pedantic about it." Another added: "I'm not sure it really matters! However if you are relying on her for doggy day care every time you go away it might pay to be nice." A third user commented: "This is so weird. Do you even like your wife? "Can’t imagine not wanting to share something so special with the person you’re married to." They posed the question: "If you lived together and bought a sofa would it be YOUR sofa??" Another user who sided with his wife said he was being "ridiculous" for wanting sole custodianship of the dog. They made the point that they refer to the Nissan as "our car" even though they have only driven it once, and "our relatives" when they visit their partner's family. "When you live a shared life (i.e. by getting married) then some things become 'ours', even if only by phrase."