Carlos Sainz has risked raising tensions at Ferrari after claiming he could be quicker than Charles Leclerc. The Spaniard suggested he could be faster than his Monegasque team-mate despite struggling last season.  The comments come after Sainz was asked who was more rapid between the pair moments before the new car was unveiled. He explained: "It's normally pretty tight but I will always try and be faster, he will always try and be faster. Whatever we do. We get a Ferrari road car and we do a lap of Fiorano and we are always try and [beat] ourselves.” However, Leclerc seemed to accept the challenge even though he was critical of the team’s decision not to back him last season. Speaking at the launch event, he said: “We will push each other until the end for sure.” READ MORE: Ferrari 'used weight' as top team to block Red Bull's plans Ferrari became the latest team to lift the covers off the new SF-23 in a special event at Fiorano. The Prancing Horse has stuck with their iconic red livery with an almost identical design to 2022. Leclerc was the first to take to the track in a special demonstration run in front of the tifosi at Ferrari's purpose-built test track. Sainz and Leclerc’s comments come months after the Scuderia were embroiled in a team orders row last season. Tensions began to surface after ex-boss Mattia Binotto refused to pick favourites. Leclerc was refused preferential treatment despite being the closest to Max Verstappen in the title fight. DON'T MISSFernando Alonso agrees with Hamilton over Michael Schumacher weapon [INSIGHT]Horner details Ferrari phone call and rejects Red Bull hiring Binotto [ANALYSIS]Red Bull making Ferrari and Mercedes 'look stupid' as heroes praised [COMMENT] The 25-year-old appeared frustrated at not being made the priority at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone, prompting Binotto to have stern words with the youngster after the race. Leclerc then revealed he was “frustrated” with the team in Brazil after suggesting the Italian marque had “changed” their minds over a decision to switch the cars. New team boss Frederic Vasseur has previously stressed the team would have no number one driver at the start of the season. However, the Frenchman has admitted he was prepared to “take action” to ensure success. At the team’s launch, the 54-year-old stated the team’s only goal was to beat Red Bull and Mercedes to win the crown. He commented: “So far it is intense, you can feel the responsibility for the team, it is a great honour. “But at the end of the day the most important is to be successful. We will have to deliver and I don't want us to be very happy. I’m at Ferrari, so the most important is to win and the challenge is in front of us.” 