A police officer has been seriously injured in a shooting in Northern Ireland last night. The shooting took place in Omagh, County Tyrone. Security sources told Sky News that it was an off-duty officer. No other details have been released. BelfastLive reported that the Police Service of Northern Ireland officer had been seriously injured in the shooting. Sources said the officer was hit multiple times in the gun attack. Killyclogher Road in Omagh has been sealed off following the shooting. The officer has been taken to hospital. Ulster Unionist Party MLA Tom Elliott has indicated the police officer attacked in Omagh was shot in front of young people at a football coaching session. He said it was a "Despicable, cowardly action. No place in society." The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service has confirmed they attended a scene in the Killyclogher area of Omagh. A spokesperson said they received a 999 call just after 8pm and took one patient by ambulance. A PSNI spokesperson said police are currently at the scene of the shooting in the Killyclogher Road area. “One man, a serving police officer, has been taken to hospital for treatment after being injured in a shooting incident at a sports complex just before 8pm this evening,” they said. “More details will be issued when available.” READ MORE: UK royal says King would never stop her playing 'racy' acting role  The Police Federation for Northern Ireland, which represents rank and file officers, tweeted: "We totally condemn this appalling & barbaric act of violence on an off-duty officer in Omagh. "Our thoughts are with our colleague & his family. These gunmen offer nothing to society. Anyone with info should come forward." West Tyrone MLA Tom Buchanan said the officer had just finished a youth training football team. Chris Heaton Harris, Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, said: "I am aware of the shocking incident in Omagh tonight and am being kept up to date. My immediate thoughts are with the PSNI officer and his family. Those responsible for such horror must be brought to justice." DON'T MISS:King meets President of German Bundestag ahead of 'European tour' [PICTURES]Sex worker arrested over brothel shooting is former 'Hustler' model [COMMENT]Trump blasts Biden over ‘nightmare’ toxic train wreck [INSIGHT]  Local sources say that around 70 young people were at the sports complex when the gun attack happened.