Prince Harry has been called "unforgivable" for not clearing up claims made about racism in the Royal Family with Queen Elizabeth before her death. In their interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle spoke out about supposed comments made before the birth of their son Archie regarding how dark his skin might be, leading to an outcry about an alleged royal racist. However, last month in his interview with Tom Bradby, Harry appeared to backtrack by saying the monarchy was not guilty of racism but of "unconscious bias". Paul Burrell, who served Princess Diana and the late Queen for around a decade, questioned why the Duke of Sussex did not "sort out this mess" with his grandmother before she died last September. He told The Mirror: "The Queen went to her grave thinking that there was a racist in the Royal Family. "And suddenly Harry says after his grandmother's death, we never said that. It was the media who said that?  "So, Harry, why didn't you clear up that mess? Why didn't you settle your grandmother's mind when she was worrying in her sitting room at Windsor Castle? "To not sort out that mess before she died. It's unforgivable." During his ITV interview with Tom Bradby to promote his autobiography Spare, Harry refuted that he had ever described the monarchy as racist. READ MORE: South Park joke about Meghan's relationship with Michelle Obama Mr Bradby said to Harry on ITV: "In the Oprah interview you accused members of your family of racism", to which Harry replied "no I didn't" before adding "the British press said that". Mr Burrell, who Diana once described as her "rock", also told the publication he wanted to meet with Harry and Prince William to tell them secrets shared with him by their mother. He admitted "some of it isn't pretty" but added: "I think Diana would say to me, Paul, you must make this a priority. You must go and see my boys." DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew could follow Harry and Meghan by moving to US [LATEST]King Charles III hit by Coronation protests [REVEAL]Sussexes could copy Trump with response to Samantha Markle lawsuit [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Burrell announced earlier this year that he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer and is receiving treatment, leaving him worried that he does not have much time left to talk with the princes. He said: "My illness has focused my attention on telling the boys things before it's too late - telling them what they really should know. "I know some of it isn't pretty, but if I leave this place and go somewhere else they'll never know. "I think they should know." 