Former Arsenal star Mathieu Flamini has accrued a stunning net worth in retirement, dwarfing the fortunes of Cristiano Ronaldo and other Premier League icons. Flamini enjoyed two spells with the Gunners and also turned out for Crystal Palace before seeing out his career in Spain. Since retiring in 2019, Flamini has found plenty of success in the world of biochemicals. The 38-year-old is the co-founder of GF Biochemicals alongside business partner Pasquale Granata. The company was actually founded in 2008 but has boomed since Flamini ended his playing career. It became the first to be able to mass-produce levulinic acid - an oil substitute with many uses. Flamini and Granata are believed to have become billionaires thanks to their business ventures. They have amassed fortunes that dwarf those of the world’s most elite footballers. JUST IN: VAR chief axed for Liverpool and Arsenal games ahead of meeting In 2020, Forbes estimated that the GF Biochemicals stakes of Flamini and Granata were worth an eye-watering £10billion each. That is worth 30 times more the estimated net worth of Manchester United and Real Madrid icon Ronaldo, whose fortune is believed to be around £370m. "What we’re trying to achieve here is to tackle the chemical pollution,” Flamini has said about GF biochemicals and his partnership with Granata. "This investment is a first step of a major journey which will also move in the direction of developing key partnerships and agreements with large producers of household and industrial goods." Flamini enjoyed a successful football career, making 246 appearances for Arsenal across his two spells. His other most notable former club was AC Milan, for whom he played 122 times. DON'T MISS...Arsenal sent scary message by Man City boss Guardiola ahead of clashArsenal need four players to step up to get title bid back on trackHaaland injury may be bad news for Arsenal ahead of Man City clash Many fans will be surprised to see that his net worth massively outscales that of Ronaldo. The latter is known to have made millions during his playing career and from different business interests. Ronaldo signed a blockbuster £340m deal to play for Saudi Arabian outfit Al-Nassr for two years. The 38-year-old striker initially struggled in the Saudi Pro League, winning just once and scoring a solitary goal in his first three appearances. But the Portugal captain has since settled into life in the Middle East and struck an incredible four times during Al-Nassr’s most recent game. Ronaldo, who was axed by Man Utd in November, scored four goals in 40 minutes to secure a 4-0 win over Al-Wehda.