Cohabiting parents with dependent children who need support following the death of their partner can apply for bereavement benefits from today (February 9, 2023). The Government has extended the eligibility criteria for Bereavement Support Payment and Widowed Parent’s Allowance, helping thousands more grieving parents to access this support. The benefits are designed to help parents with the financial impact of losing a partner. Previously the support was only available to eligible bereaved parents who were married or in a civil partnership. DWP Minister Viscount Younger of Leckie said: “Losing a partner is tragic and this change will mean more bereaved parents can access this support through a profoundly difficult time for them and their children. “It has been our priority to get this legislation right, so it is fairer to bereaved children with parents who were not married or in a civil partnership, and I am very pleased this is now confirmed in law." The law change will ensure more children in bereaved families are equally supported, regardless of their parent’s legal relationship status. READ MORE: eBay sites which 'not many people know about' offer 75% off shopping  Mims Davies MP, minister for social mobility, youth and progression, said: “We have made this important change to help thousands more grieving parents access the financial support they need and deserve. “We know so many lone parents are doing their best to support their families through such a difficult time and our bereavement benefits offer a lifeline to help them adjust to the impact of this. “I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible to make an application, as crucially, some bereaved parents will also be able to receive backdated payments to ensure they don’t miss out.” The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has also opened a special 12-month application window for bereaved parents with dependent children whose partners died before February 9, 2023, to help thousands who could have missed out. The bereavement benefit and amount they are entitled to will depend on when they lost their partner. DON'T MISS: Martin Lewis highlights ‘top on the market’ savings accounts [INSIGHT]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    To qualify, claimants must have met the eligibility criteria for either Bereavement Support Payment or Widowed Parent’s Allowance on or after August 30, 2018. This means those who lost their partner before April 6, 2017, might be able to receive the legacy benefit Widowed Parent’s Allowance, should they be found to have been eligible for this on August 30, 2018. Similarly, a surviving parent who lost their partner on or after April 6, 2017, may be eligible for its replacement, Bereavement Support Payment, should they have been qualified for this on August 30, 2018. Those who were married or in a registered civil partnership with the person who died and was in receipt of Child Benefit(or did not get it but were entitled to it), will get the higher rate. READ MORE: Lidl's eight simple supermarket swaps could save you £470 a year  This is made up of: Those who weren’t entitled to Child Benefit will get the lower rate unless they were pregnant when their partner died. This is made up of: Those who were living together as though they were married to the person who died will also receive the higher rate of £3,500 and then up to 18 monthly payments of £350. However, they may get fewer payments if: Commenting on the new legislation, Alison Penny MBE, director of the Childhood Bereavement Network said: “We are relieved that at last, cohabiting families who have suffered the devastating loss of their mum or dad will now have the same access to bereavement benefits as married and civil partnered families.  “These benefits are a lifeline for grieving families, helping parents and carers put their children’s needs first as they begin to adjust to a life that has changed forever. “Our charity estimates that thousands of families, some bereaved as far back as 2001, may be in line for a retrospective payment of the benefits they have missed out on, paid from August 2018. The 12-month window for claiming a retrospective payment will help Government and support organisations to raise awareness and give families time to understand the effect that a back payment could have on their wider tax and social security entitlements.” Claims for Bereavement Support Payment can be made online via gov.uk, over the phone or through a paper application form. Claims for Widowed Parent’s Allowance will be processed by paper, and these applications can be downloaded from gov.uk or requested over the Bereavement Service helpline. More details on the full eligibility criteria and the claims process are available here. 