Leeds United have reportedly identified West Brom manager Carlos Corberan as their ‘top target’ to replace Jesse Marsch following his sacking on Monday, with two matches against Manchester United to come this week. The Spaniard is impressing with the Baggies and is on course to guide them to the playoffs as it stands. Leeds have struggled so far this season and are set for a relegation battle, sitting level on points with 18th-placed Everton. Despite splashing the cash over the summer and in January, performances have not improved and it was quickly ruled that Marsch was not the right person to steer the ship. According to Sky Sports, Leeds have a contingency plan prepared to replace the American and are expected to ‘act quickly’ to fill the vacant dugout. West Brom’s Corberan has emerged as their ‘top target’, with his links with the club putting Leeds in a strong position to prise him away from The Hawthorns. The 39-year-old spent three years with Leeds between 2017 and 2020, managing the Under-23s and also closely with Marcelo Bielsa. Corberan then decided to jump ship and take up the head coach position at Huddersfield, guiding the club to the playoffs in his second campaign before resigning after being beaten by Nottingham Forest in the final. An 11-game stint at Olympiacos followed before the former goalkeeper returned to the Championship earlier this season. Corberan has impressed with The Baggies, winning 11 of his 16 matches at their helm which has seen them rise up the table at an eye-catching speed. According to The Mirror, Leeds are keen to speak with their former coach and are hopeful that West Brom’s financial woes would prompt him to seriously consider a return to the club. However, Corberan decided not to add fuel to the fire of speculation when asked about reports linking him to Elland Road. Speaking to Birmingham Live, he said: “We have analysed a lot the opponent and the previous opponent this week because this is my focus as manager. The other things...I don't know, you can tell me that there are rumours this week, another week the rumour disappears, my focus is my work - after the previous game, we need to keep growing a lot, to be a more competitive team. "I need to make the players ready for the challenges that we are going to have with the mentality to keep growing, be ambitious and be self-demanding of ourselves. This is my focus. I am very pleased to be working here, I've said before that these things cannot change."