Ron DeSantis sparked speculation about the upcoming launch of his primary campaign as he confirmed he will be launching a nationwide pro-police tour this week. The Florida Governor has so far failed to confirm or deny whether he has his eyes set on running for the GOP nomination ahead of the US election in 2024. But untested DeSantis could use the opportunity of this tour to test out his level of national support as well as to "send a message" to lawmakers about their failure. DeSantis will kickstart his tour of Democrats-held cities on Monday starting with New York, where law enforcement has been criticising officials over changes to the bail system. The Governor's political team confirmed he will be meeting police officers and law enforcement representatives in Staten Island before heading to Fort Washington, on the outskirts of Philadelphia, and then Elmhurst, Illinois. New York City's Detectives' Endowment Association president Paul DiGiacomo will attend the Staten Island event to raise awareness about concerns among the force over the end of the cash bail requirement for several criminal charges. DiGiacomo insisted the change puts officers at risk, and that attending the event will serve as a warning to lawmakers about U-turning. JUST IN: Shocking video shows dog fight off 12-foot hammerhead shark in full view of tourist boat He told Fox News: "It’s a law enforcement rally to send a message back to some of our elected officials that the laws that they have enacted in the state of New York are not working – specifically the bail reform laws – and it’s putting my members, detectives and cops in danger, as well as the public. "It’s gone too far to the left over the last couple of years." DeSantis has lodged legislative proposals in Florida that would strengthen bail laws as well as toughen penalties for sex criminals in an effort to reduce crime and show support to law enforcement. The Florida Governor has been seen to be prepping the ground for a potential primary run in recent weeks as support among Republican voters grows. READ MORE: Kamala Harris sends warning to Putin over 'crimes against humanity' in Munich speech Last week, he was met with little resistance as he set out his priorities – including fewer hurdles for imprisoning people over voting errors, leeway to transport migrants from anywhere in the country and wider authority over Disney's Florida theme parks. While he has not officially confirmed whether he will be running to become the Republican candidate in the 2024 election, he has been tipped to be waiting until May before jumping into the race. A longtime GOP lobbyist told CNN: "Everyone is just waiting to take their cues from the Governor. He is setting the agenda and it’s all red meat for 2024 voters.” DeSantis has been seen to be prepping the ground for a potential primary run in recent weeks as support among Republican voters grows. DON'T MISS:Chinese spy balloon 'targeted Hawaii' before it was blown off course [INSIGHT]US-China 'proxy war' likely as exact Taiwan invasion date predicted [ANALYSIS]Three-year-old boy shoots himself dead with handgun [REPORT] The Governor's autobiography, The Courage to be Free, is also scheduled for release in February and will lead to a promotional tour that would allow him to further solidify his base ahead of a potential announcement. And later this month, he will also host top Republican fundraisers at a retreat and policy conference in Palm Beach. For now, Donald Trump remains a leading figure within the GOP and exercises tremendous influence among primary voters. The field of Republican presidential candidates has only just begun to expand with his former UN ambassador, Nikki Haley, announcing her candidacy last week. Polling suggests that GOP voters are open to backing someone other than Trump. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews