ITV weather presenter Laura Tobin appeared to go missing from today’s (February 3) edition of Good Morning Britain. A link from hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway in the studio live to Laura at Kew Gardens seemed to go awry. Before they cut to Kew Gardens, the hosting duo realised something had gone wrong. Kate said: “Oh Laura’s disappeared. She’s got lost among the orchids.” While co-star Ben said: “She’s got one job, Laura. Was she stuck in the undergrowth?” Both of them seemed very confused by Laura’s no-show on the programme as they tried to fill time and figure out what had happened. Ninja Warrior UK presenter Ben went on to say: “I don’t know, she’s been rummaging around. She does love Kew, she’s gone off for a forage.” READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie Kate also then asked: “Has anybody found her? Is she there? “Oh, we’re going to Richard [Arnold] for the weather. Richard you’re going to pick us up for the weather.” The programme then cut across to entertainment editor Richard, who also seemed to be caught unaware. Richard went on to say: “I can promise you a warm front with damp patches as we look forward to this weekend’s television.” After an ad break, Richard shared fan theories about what would happen in the finale of Happy Valley airing on the BBC this weekend. Among the theories were Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancahire) and Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) would both lose their lives. While others suggested Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) would betray his violent father Tommy. But Richard promised he and the rest of the nation would be glued to their sofas in anticipation of the series finale, which is confirmed to be the last episode. Good Morning Britain later managed to reconnect with Laura in Kew with the meteorologist explaining she had fallen victim to technical issues. Laura went on to say she had not gone missing after all and continued to give weather reports throughout the programme. She was at Kew Gardens to celebrate the Orchid Festival, which is going to be warming up the winter months and bringing some colour to the UK. This morning’s edition of Good Morning Britain also saw the ongoing debate about whether Tom Jones’ classic Delilah should have been banned by the Welsh Rugby Union. DON'T MISS...BBC confirms new presenter line-up after 14 hosts ‘axed’ in shake-up [UPDATE]Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [VIDEO]BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah [VIEWER REACTION] The track featured some problematic lyrics involving violence towards a woman. There was a debate about whether the ban was correct and if the song should be reinstated. Sports journalist Alison Bender was in favour of bringing the song back and perhaps changing the lyrics rather than getting rid of it altogether. Meanwhile, Good Morning Britain viewers hit out at Kate over the debate for defending Delilah. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays on ITV1 at 6am