Statues are torn down. Anyone white, regardless of poverty, is termed “privileged”. We must bend the knee and change our language to show virtue. Every man is a potential rapist. Britain is systemically racist. If you want to stop small boats coming across the Channel, you’re a bigot. Diversity trumps merit. Tories are a cancer. Leave voters are scum. And so on... The list grows each week. Woke orthodoxy becomes ever more dominant and ever more absurd. It feels like mainstream Britain is being crushed, silenced and obliterated by a gigantic woke steamroller. We feel powerless as it advances. If we speak out, we’re castigated or, worse, cancelled. The temptation is to stay silent – simply not to risk having our heads shot off. I expressed all this just a few years ago to a friend whose wisdom I have admired since I first met him in the 1980s. He’s the sort of person you can go to for advice, and who keeps things in perspective. What, I asked beseechingly, can stop all this? How can reason prevail? Well, this was his exact reply, delivered with a reassuringly phlegmatic shrug: “Don’t worry. Wokery will eventually eat itself.” Oh right, yeah, I thought. Wokery will eat itself? What nonsense. Have you seen how it’s worming into our schools and universities, and our cultural institutions, from the BBC, ITV and the National Trust through to the local history museum? Have you witnessed how our language is policed, so that if people, particularly the elderly, get the terminology even slightly wrong, however innocently, they’re written off as bigots? Have you clocked how organisations are falling over each other to advertise their woke credentials? Have you noticed how the greatest Briton, Winston Churchill, has had his reputation trashed because, born in 1874, he lacked the social attitudes of a millennial? I mean, hello! Open your eyes! But, you know what? My friend was dead right. Wokery is eating itself.  And it started almost overnight, with that mad, ludicrous decision in Scotland to send – I can hardly believe I’m writing this – a rapist to a women’s prison. That was the moment the tables turned. That was the moment the sheer absurdity of woke orthodoxy was revealed in full technicolour, and when wokery’s mad, bad contradictions were exposed. I don’t care whether Adam Graham is now Isla Bryson. I have no interest in whether “this individual”, as we are obliged to call “them”, really wants to be a woman or not, nor whether Adam lives like Isla for a few months and signs some certificate. But I, along with all right-minded people in this country – and, thank God, we are still the majority, though we often allow ourselves to be bullied into silence – know when it’s all gone way too far. And it has. In fact, it’s imploding. With that one preposterous decision, now reversed, of course, the tables turned. We still have an almighty fight on our hands to ensure common sense prevails not just in female-only prison but in all walks of life.  The extreme woke will fight like cats to retain their power. They haven’t come this far to throw it all away. It may take decades. There will be many setbacks. But yes, when a rapist was sent to a women’s prison, we reached peak wonky-wokery. Even Nicola Sturgeon could see it. And when the Scottish authorities committed that screeching U-turn, the steamroller stalled. Now, let’s not celebrate too soon. To quote Churchill, it’s not the end, nor even the beginning of the end, but it may well be... well, you know the rest. That’s the thing about the greatest Briton of all. You can vandalise his statue and besmirch his name. But his words are too great to be destroyed. In contrast, the excesses of wokery can and will be destroyed. In the end. There is hope. Yes, you guessed it. Wokery will eat itself. And we’ll look back on early 21st-century wokery as an insane aberration. 