During the classic episode, the couple tasked Jean Johansson with finding their dream holiday home as they retire from their long-standing careers. However, Jean was left taken back when the couple revealed they only had £60,000 to play with and admitted that she had never worked with such a low budget before. When first meeting the couple, Jean asked: "Linda and Peter welcome to a slightly breezy Abruzzo. What is it you love about Italy?" Linda explained: "It's the variation, you've got the coast, the mountains, the national parks and you have got the Italian architecture which is absolutely beautiful." Jean continued: "And why are you guys looking for a property at this time in your life?" Peter said: "We are just whizzing things up a little bit aren't we. If we don't do it now then we never will do," to which Linda added: "We just want a different lifestyle. READ MORE: BBC 'lines up' Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub'  During the classic episode, the couple tasked Jean Johansson with finding their dream holiday home as they retire from their long-standing careers. However, Jean was left taken back when the couple revealed they only had £60,000 to play with and admitted that she had never worked with such a low budget before. "A lot more relaxed, laid back and more fun." Getting down to business, Jean was keen to get to know what the couple was looking for and the budget they had in mind. Peter revealed: "One bedroom would be absolutely fine, so we don't really need a lot of space. Traditional and with a little bit of outdoor space, a little garden if possible." "I don't mind a townhouse," Linda admitted. "But also I could fall in love with a rural property, we are just wondering what you are going to come up with because our budget is not a very big one." Jean expressed: "Yeah I am glad you brought that up Linda, I mean I have to say I have never worked with a budget of £60,000. So it is going to be a challenge for me." Trying to make Jean feel better about the hunt, Peter said: "A little bit of wiggle room, maybe £70,000 or £80,000." Warning them about the type of properties their budgets would find, Jean said: "Low-budget properties might need a little lick of paint, Peter. "Ok. £60,000 is your budget, you will go to £70,000 and for that wow amazing property you will stretch to £80,000." DON'T MISS...Doctor Who exclusive first-look as Ncuti Gatwa pictured on set [LATEST]BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness  [WATCH]Endeavour's Shaun Evans lands new role as Morse series comes to an end [INSIGHT] After viewing five potential properties, Linda and Peter decided to put in an offer on the three-bed townhouse in Abbateggio, which was on the market for £63,063. Peter explained: "We have been back this morning to have a look at the place. "We would be happy to try and make an offer of £57,000 and see where that ends up. "I am feeling nervous. It is a big step really plus in a different country," however Linda saw the positive and added: "But it is an adventure." Jean called the estate agent and put forward their offer on the house, which was rejected for a counteroffer of £58,588. After discussing the newer price of the property, Linda and Peter agreed that it was a fair counteroffer and decided to accept the offer. Excited about their new holiday home in Italy, the couple cheered their drinks as Jean exclaimed: "I am delighted for you!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 3pm on Channel 4.