A royal baby is due next summer, with Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank expecting a little boy or girl. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the royal can maintain her fashionable look over the next few months. Melissa recalled that during Eugenie's last pregnancy - before she gave birth to sweet baby August in February 2021 - the Princess wore a lot of "dress and coat combinations". And according to the expert this "worked pretty well" for her, so a similar style would likely look fantastic this time round. "In the past, maternity wear was pretty frumpy - designed to hide the bump, and definitely not sexy. "If I’m honest, this was evidenced by many pics of the otherwise stylish Princess Diana in sailor collared smock dresses. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures "These days, I think women are quite happy to show the world that they’re pregnant and would rather be wearing something that echoes their general style. "Some women (Rihanna springs to mind) are quite happy to have everything on show. Princess Eugenie is a member of the Firm so she may want to be a little more discreet." According to the expert, there are a few key style moves that Eugenie should experiment with during her pregnancy. How can the latest royal mama look her best over the next nine months? Melissa stated: "A low neckline is great when your bust is getting bigger." She continued: "Eugenie often wears coat dresses and I see no reason to stop this. "She could wear a dress underneath and a coat (or coat dress) open over the top. "Jewellery should work with the neckline so a lower neckline requires a long necklace. An Empire line will camouflage the bump." READ MORE: Camilla and Beatrice refuse to get involved in popular royal trend The expert also suggested that the royal highlight one of her best assets: "Eugenie has lovely legs so she’ll be able to show these off." But Melissa explained that the perfect pregnancy style is not so much about the outfit as the accessories. Indeed, she stated: "Often during pregnancy looking stylish comes down to the details." Melissa suggested that "when your bump is growing, get the attention up top". "Great hair, makeup and jewellery all help to draw the eye away from the bump and towards your face. She also suggested keeping any patterns "up top" to "pull the attention upwards" - meaning more printed tops and monochrome bottoms. As for colours, Melissa believes that "Park Avenue Princess colours" are very flattering on Eugenie. Autumnal tones, medium depth colours with a warmer base note are "what she should look for". Melissa Lund concluded: "Wearing these colour will make her look healthy and bring her eyes, skin and hair to life. "Eugenie needs to avoid black or midnight blue as both of these will be too dark for her colouring."