For those who use their kettle daily, it is important for them to clean them regularly. Removing the limescale deposits from the kettle now and again will not only ensure that drinks are free of undesirable particles but the appliance will also serve households for longer. Not to mention that a limescale-free kettle is a green kettle, as it uses less energy. After one cleaning enthusiast took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook to ask how to clean her kettle, other group members have taken the opportunity to share their go-to descaling methods. Alicia Wilson asked: “How does everyone clean their kettle and remove the limescale?” As limescale contains compounds like calcium carbonate, magnesium bicarbonate and other forms of these two minerals, they can be naturally neutralised by acidic substances that are knocking around in every average household. This could be any type of vinegar, whether white, malt or made from cider, as well as lemon juice. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my oven racks According to Mrs Hinch fans, white vinegar is the best option to go for as it can remove “thick” limescale buildup. Jayne Dodd said: “Have always used vinegar, particularly distilled white vinegar. Hadn’t cleaned my kettle for months so the inside was covered in thick limescale and this is the only thing that completely removed all of it the first time around.” Ann Wilkinson wrote: “A good squirt of white vinegar in water. Boil it up and leave to soak for a couple of hours. Rinse it out. Nothing beats it for me.” Barbara Macrae commented: “White vinegar. I've just done mine, and it's all clear now.” DON'T MISS‘Correct’ method to wash towels for ‘fluffy’ results - avoid mistakes [EXPERT]‘Kill off’ white mould on houseplants with ‘effective’ 59p staple item [TIPS]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [COMMENT] Billy Bridgen said: “Sometimes all it takes is a good couple of glugs of white vinegar into a kettle up to the max and boil it, then leave it.” Sally Preston wrote: “I use a stainless steel mesh in the kettle all the time - it collects the limescale. Then I soak it in white vinegar.  I also put the same in the kettle and leave it for an hour or so - it removes all the limescale.” Zane Levcenkaite commented: “White vinegar, put in half a cup and fill the kettle with water, then boil it. After rinse about a few times and rinse it again.” Eileen Walsh advised: “Vinegar with water, let kettle boil and it [the limescale] comes off so easy.” READ MORE: Ideal temperature to wash mattress protectors to avoid ‘damage’ Christina Powell suggested: “Boil with white vinegar, but do it outside as it smells a lot, but very good.” Dawn Grady added: “Use white vinegar with water. It always works brilliantly and quickly for me.” According to cleaning experts at Plenty, they agreed that white vinegar is perfect for removing kettle limescale. They said: “Altogether, removing limescale naturally is both better for your kettle and much easier for you. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “One of the best ways to descale a kettle is to use an acid to weaken the limescale. Ingredients like white vinegar and lemon juice are simple home remedies for limescale removal which are perfect for the job. “If you have a lot of build-up then you may find that removing limescale from some areas requires a more targeted, intense approach. “Soak a sturdy kitchen towel with vinegar and wrap it around any areas with a lot of limescale. Leave for at least an hour and you should then be able to descale the kettle by simply wiping the limescale off.” Most households will already have a bottle of white vinegar in their kitchen, but for those who don’t it is cheap to buy at local supermarkets. It retails for 29p at Asda and Tesco.