Sir Jim Ratcliffe has reportedly made an offer to take over Manchester United as the battle to buy the 13-time Premier League champions heats up. The Glazer family are looking to cash in on the club after putting the Red Devils up for sale last November and are reportedly looking for a whopping £5billion.  The sale of United is being led by The Raine Group, with the American bank giving potential bidders a soft deadline of 10pm on Friday night to put their offers forward. And, according to The Athletic, Ratcliffe has made an official bid to complete a full takeover of the club. Sources close to the bid have told the website that Ratcliffe wants to put “Manchester back into Manchester United” if his approach for the Old Trafford club is successful. Ratcliffe was born in Oldham and has earned his fortune as the owner of chemical powerhouse Ineos. According to The Mirror, the 70-year-old is Britain’s richest man and was worth £10.9b as of last August. He is a lifelong supporter of the Red Devils but was tipped to buy Chelsea last spring before Todd Boehly snapped the club up from Roman Abramovich. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Qatar have plans for first appointment if Glazers sell   Ratcliffe will face stiff competition to buy United after Qatari Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani revealed that he had put an offer believed to be worth in the region of £4.5b on the table in exchange for the club. Sheikh Jassim, who heads up Qatar’s largest bank, is a member of Qatar’s ruling Royal Family. And according to The Sun, they are estimated to be worth around £278b. “The bid plans to return the club to its former glories both on and off the pitch, and - above all - will seek to place the fans at the heart of Manchester United Football Club once more,” read a statement released on behalf of Sheikh Jassim. DON'T MISSMan Utd takeover: Qatar make three promises as details emerge after Barcelona drawMason Greenwood: Man Utd latest as players to have say on return after phone callLiverpool could sign £66m talent Klopp rates thanks to Chelsea 'swap offer'   “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim’s Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world.” United, who have improved on the pitch under former Ajax manager Erik ten Hag this season, are also said to be attracting interest from Saudi Arabian and American investors. And The Raine Group could be willing to listen to more offers in the coming weeks before any decision on the club’s ownership is made. 