You and Me was filmed last year in the height of summer in London and is now almost ready to air on ITV. Starring Harry Lawtey, Jessica Barden and Sophia Brown, the coming-of-age drama is set to have the twists and turns of a love story but the gripping suspense of a thriller. The origins of the three-part series came from its creator Jamie Davis' mind as he contemplated "What if?". WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You and Me.You and Me is told over two timelines, honing in on the lives of Ben (played by Harry Lawtey), Jess (Sophia Brown) and Emma (Jessica Barden). Ben has the worst day of his life on the day he becomes a dad, Jess misses a bus which changes everything forever and Emma gets her dream job when something tragic happens. Each episode focuses on each of their relationships and how they try to move on from their traumatic experiences. When creator Jamie Davis put pen to paper for You and Me, he was actually in a very different place from his characters. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue Talking about his inspiration for the drama, Davis said to press, including Express.co.uk: "In terms of where the story comes from, I wrote this at the time of my life when things were going really well for me. "And I sort of catastrophised that and thought, 'What's the worst thing that could happen?' and I thought it would be this, this thing that happens in the show. "And then you've got a story whether anyone can ever come back from that, whether anyone can find love again because that's what this is, it's a love story but more than that, it's a story about love between a boy and a girl, a child and a parent, a girl and her sister and what that costs. "And all of that costs you something, even if it's just this jeopardy that you might lose it." Davis continued: "I met my wife when I was 17 and I'm aware that at any point during those intervening years, this could have gone wrong and I would have been lost but we did it anyway. "It's the choices these characters face because they know they love each other but they can't promise each other everything. "They know that because of the things that have happened to them in the past but they do it anyway, that's the risk you take when you love somebody, that's what love is, that's what life is." Before You and Me, Davis was best known as an actor, having starred in various popular shows. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise newcomers open up on 'sense of responsibility' [UPDATE]Unforgotten season five's theme tune is sung by duo Oh Wonder [EXPLAINER]Endeavour's Shaun Evans addresses 'very difficult' ending [CAST] Davis has had roles in series such as Hex, Personal Affairs, The Syndicate, Shameless, Switch and Candy Cabs. In 2004, Davis starred as Harley Lawson in the BBC drama Footballers' Wives for a year. His most significant part to date though has been as Max Walker in BBC's medical drama Casualty for five seasons. Max had a happy ending as he reunited with his estranged wife Zoe Hanna (Sunetra Sarker), starting a new life in America together. You and Me is going to premiere on Thursday, February 23, at 9pm on ITV. The show will air a new episode weekly in the same time slot until the final episode comes out on Thursday, March 9. If fans aren't keen on waiting that long to find out what happens, the drama will also be ready to watch in full on ITVX. You and Me airs on Thursday, February 23, at 9pm on ITV.