Neutral home decor was a big hit last year and can create a seamless colour palette throughout the home. However, looking ahead to the future home decor brand Lick's director of interior design, Tash Bradley, predicts they could be overtaken by more "whimsical" shades by the beginning of next year. "I think when it comes to colours, I definitely have started seeing people moving away from neutral," she explained. In 2023, Tash explained that trends are focussing more on earthy tones which connect us with nature. "This year, it's very much of a muted black pigment added to the paint," she explained. These include "rustic and elegant " olive greens, "rich, earthy" oranges and deep shades of teal. However, as 2024 approaches, these shades are set to take a "whimsical" turn. "Next year, it's definitely warm, soft, paint," said Tash. "I don't want to say pastels because it's not pastel necessarily, but it's like warm pinks which are almost like orange, lavender, soft pale green, soft pale blues - more whimsical. Whereas at the moment it's more muted." READ MORE: ‘Instantly’ whiten bed sheets in ‘one wash’ using supermarket item However, these hues are set to be complemented by slightly darker, jewel tones, many of which have already been in vogue for the last couple of years. "I think then where the beauty comes is anchoring it with a darker colour," said Tash. "If everything was a slight pastel tone or a soft shade, the room falls a bit flat. "You need to then undo that with a dark, rich shade. So, if you were doing a kitchen for instance, doing it in a light soft, blue then painting the kitchen island a dark purple would be really cool." DON'T MISS‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [EXPLAINER]8 ‘effortless’ home improvements to do before selling to ‘boost value’ [COMMENT]DIY couple transform house into colourful home 'on a budget' [INTERVIEW] A similar look could be created by painting one wall in a specific shade or a key feature of the room such as a fire breast wall. "It just gives the room a bit of depth basically," explained Tash. For those looking to incorporate more trending colours into their home, but feel daunted at the concept of moving away from neutrals, Tash recommends starting small. "Paint is such a good way to experiment with colour because it's not too expensive," said Tash. "If you are someone that's a bit nervous, start small. "Go to a room that you don't use all the time, whether it's the downstairs bathroom or a little wardrobe or the guest bedroom, but somewhere that you're not in all of the time." Alternatively, if you want to incorporate the colour into a room you will see it more often, but where it won't make too big of an impact, Tash recommends the hallway. "Because the hallway is the first room that welcomes you home, it's quite a fun place to make it a little bit bolder," she said. "Experiment using colours that you love or wallpaper and quite quickly once you've finished decorating and once you've lived with it, within a couple of months, you'll be like: 'Oh my God, I love it. I actually love this room the most.' "And that way you can really understand what you love about it, what you don't like about it, and you can start them bringing into the other rooms of your house."