King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla have hosted a glittering reception to mark the Lunar New Year and celebrate Asian communities' contributions to Britain. The monarch and his wife were joined by Prince Edward, Princess Anne, the Duke of Kent, the Duchess of Gloucester and Princess Alexandra at the event at Buckingham Palace.  It comes as Charles and Camilla continue to make a show of unity with fellow members of the Royal Family in the wake of the Duke of Sussex's bombshell memoir Spare. King Charles met representatives from British east and south-east Asian communities at the reception at the palace. The event took place soon after the Lunar New Year, a holiday to honour household and heavenly deities as well as ancestors. Guests included representatives from the Armed Forces, the arts, media, fashion, business, government and finance.  Among those at the reception were fashion designers John Rocha, Alexa Chung and her brother Dominic Chung. Queen Camilla, wearing an Anna Valentine green velvet tunic top and green silk palazzo pants, was on top form as she met designers and models. She chatted to Ms Chung, who was born in Winchester to an English mother and a father from a mostly Chinese background. Ms Chung, wearing a sparkling dress, told reporters she had "a lovely time". Mr Rocha, a Chinese-Irish designer born in Hong Kong, said he felt "very proud" to be at the reception. He said it was amazing that he had been born "in a colony" and is now "here talking to the King". Also among those who attended the event was actor Will Sharpe, who starred in the second season of the HBO series The White Lotus. YouTubers Joshua Carrot and Oliver Kendal, who host the "Korean Englishman" channel centred around sharing South Korean culture and food, said they were "amazed" the King had heard of them. The channel has more than five million subscribers on YouTube. Mr Carrot asked the King whether he had ever tried Korean food. The YouTuber explained: "He said he was a big fan of the food. He liked everything unless it was a bit too spicy." READ ABOUT CELEBRITIES IN THE US TURNING THEIR BACKS ON HARRY AND MEGHAN Guests gathered in the White Drawing Room, Blue Drawing Room and Picture Gallery to greet their hosts. King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla's appearance comes after it emerged the monarch's charity is behind an initiative to help combat loneliness and the cost-of-living crisis. Hundreds of people from the local community are enjoying free hot drinks and soup, and practising sociable activities such as craft, board games and knitting in the Orchard Room on Charles's Highgrove estate in Tetbury, Gloucestershire, as part of the Winter Warmers project. The scheme - organised by The Prince's Foundation - is also taking place at the charity's headquarters Dumfries House in East Ayrshire and the Queen Mother's former home the Castle of Mey in Caithness. Running from January to March, the weekly initiative provides a welcoming place for local people to gather and offers a warm haven for those who may not be able to heat their own homes amid the rising energy costs. Such has been the demand the free tickets have already sold out for all sessions. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'aren't invited anywhere' [REVEALED] Prince Harry blasted as Duke 'snubbed' Prince William's 'kind gesture' [LATEST] King offers public helping hand by opening Highgrove as a 'warm space' [REPORT]  Charles highlighted the cost-of-living difficulties facing the nation in his first-ever Christmas message, sympathising with families struggling to make ends meet and praising individuals, charities and faith groups supporting those in need. He spoke about the "great anxiety and hardship" experienced by many trying to "pay their bills and keep their families fed and warm" during his televised message, which featured footage of a food bank and other scenes of meals being distributed to the homeless. Footage of a Winter Warmers event being staged on the Highgrove estate on Tuesday showed members of the local community seated at round tables in the Orchard dining room, tucking into bowls of soup and having cups of tea, as they chatted, with some making wool pompoms as part of a craft activity. The Orchard Room, which is usually open to visitors after Garden Tours, is set within the gardens of Charles's Highgrove home.  Today's reception also follows a Holocaust survivor being made an MBE. The 99-year-old great-grandmother who became a founding member of the UK's Holocaust Survivor Centre has said words cannot explain how much it means to her after receiving the honour from the King. Lily Ebert was recognised for her services to Holocaust education at Windsor Castle on Tuesday after being included in the New Year Honours list - the first overseen by Charles since his ascension to the throne. With her while she accepted the award was her great-grandson, 19-year-old Dov Forman. The pair have accrued billions of views on video-sharing platform TikTok in an effort to educate the younger generation on the Holocaust.  The King wrote a foreword for her book, Lily's Promise. Ms Ebert spoke about her appreciation for the monarch whom she has met on a number of occasions, including at one of his Christmas parties. She said of the King: "He is a very special human being. "It must be a very difficult job and he does it with such a love and understanding, that I thank him very much. "I never thought that I would have the opportunity to thank him personally." 