Daniil Medvedev had a heartwarming message for his baby daughter after winning the Rotterdam Open on Sunday as he shared an adorable story his wife told him. The world No 8 and his wife Daria welcomed their first child last October and Medvedev has now won two titles since.  Medvedev lifted his 16th career title on Sunday as he won the ATP 500 in Rotterdam for the first time. The victory also allowed him to climb back into the world’s top 10 less than a month after falling out of the elite group of the rankings for the first time since he made his top 10 debut in 2019. The 27-year-old downed Jannik Sinner 5-7 6-2 6-2 in Sunday’s final and after the match shared an adorable anecdote about his four-month-old daughter following his latest title win. “Yesterday my wife told me that when I was giving my speech on the court, she put my daughter who is four months old in front of the TV and she started smiling and laughin Medvedev told the crowd during his trophy speech. And the world No 8 sent something of a message to his daughter as he added: “So maybe she’s doing this, I hope she’s doing this now also.” Rotterdam marks Medvedev’s second title since becoming a father last October, as he also won his first tournament back following her birth in Vienna. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal overtakes Federer as Alcaraz and Swiatek also recognised At the time, the former world No 1 dedicated his 15th title win to his wife. “I was asked if I'm gonna dedicate this trophy to my daughter,” he said after downing Denis Shapovalov in three sets to win the Vienna Open. “And I was sitting there thinking that I'm not gonna dedicate it to my daughter, I'm gonna dedicate it to my wife, because she gave me the most beautiful present ever, my daughter, I was there and these emotions were better than winning any title, so Dasha, thank you.” DON'T MISSInside Venus Williams' life including fortune, NFL ties and religionDjokovic retirement verdict given by Borg as he debates Nadal duelRaducanu stalker 'submits document' to have community service scrapped Medvedev was also happy to return to the top 10 so soon after dropping out following the recent Australian Open, where he was surprised by Sebastian Korda in the third round. And the 27-year-old noted that he had been able to win his first title of 2023 a lot sooner than he did last season, winning his first title of 2022 during the Los Cabos Open in August. “It’s great because it’s still the beginning of the year. My third tournament of the year, and already a title. Last year I needed 12 tournaments or something like this. Beating great players, playing great here,” he told the ATP. “Mentally it’s tough to come back after you [drop out] of the Top 10… I’m just happy to find my form and am looking forward to the next tournament and hopefully I can continue in this way.” 