Red Bull have set the early pace in pre-season testing with Max Verstappen top of the leaderboards on day one. The team have mostly stuck to their 2022 design after dominating the year with Verstappen and Sergio Perez picking up 17 race wins. However, the reigning champions have added a few "secret" tweaks according to RacingNews365. Compared to last year’s machine, the new RB19 appears to feature a bulge in the internal part of the diffuser. This indicates the throat of the diffuser has been moved forward compared to last year’s machine. Red Bull have introduced a slight alteration to their front wing and nose cone for 2023. The width of the nose cone has slightly increased at the tip with a low-drag air inlet used instead of an oval tip. READ MORE: Ferrari respond to F1 testing woes after Red Bull and Mercedes notes Red Bull’s side pod design was one of the most radical on the grid 12 months ago. In fact, many teams have already copied last year's design in a bid to extract performance and make a step closer to the frontrunners. However, Red Bull have moved the tool forward with a much more aggressive concept. This has made it possible to increase the channel between the sides and the floor which could reduce heat. Journalist Albert Fabrega has also noticed that the undercut tunnel on the sidepod was the “biggest on the grid”. This section of the car appeared to be a major focus for Red Bull on Thursday with the team applying flow-vis paint across the two sessions. DON'T MISSToto Wolff admits Mercedes are using tactic to throw off Red Bull [INSIGHT]Mercedes and Red Bull 'agree on new Ferrari car'  [COMMENT]Verstappen gives surprise answer on new Red Bull car after F1 testing [ANALYSIS] The reigning champions appear to be ecstatic with their new car and appear quietly confident of their chances for 2023. Verstappen completed a staggering 157 laps on Thursday, more than Mercedes who were running two drivers. Horner said: “It was a solid first session. It is an evolution from the RB18. The RB19, adapting to these new regulations, I think the team has done a tremendous job over the winter. Verstappen was also pleased with his opening run in the new machine as he eyes a third-world title. He commented: “It was good. A lot of laps, so that’s of course what we wanted. [It was] basically a smooth day [with] no issues. “We could really focus on the car, try a few things, to understand also the new tyres for this year. We got loads of running during the day when it was really hot, or kind of hot, and in the evening as well – so a pretty okay day.”