Manchester United may involve former employees such as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick as they investigate Mason Greenwood, according to reports. The England international recently had charges dropped against him. And the Red Devils are now facing a dilemma when it comes to their next move. Greenwood was arrested in January last year and hasn’t played or trained for United in the time since. He may now be available to return, however, after charges were dropped against him on Wednesday. Solskjaer gave Greenwood his debut during his time as United manager, while Rangnick ruled the roost when the 21-year-old was arrested by police. And The Athletic claim both men could be consulted, with United potentially primed to refer to former employees as they ponder their next move. It’s said United ‘wants to understand the circumstances around allegations that were made’. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford This will reportedly require ‘historic knowledge’ - which is why Solskjaer and Rangnick could be involved in the situation. United are now acting because, previously, they felt it would have been inappropriate to talk to Greenwood during the time authorities were investigating the young striker. And it’s said to be ‘unclear’ whether the Red Devils will involve players in the process, too. Some United players unfollowed Greenwood on social media when he was arrested last year, including Marcus Rashford and David De Gea. Others, such as Bruno Fernandes and Jadon Sancho, still follow their team-mate. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Greenwood remains listed in United’s first-team squad on their official website, but there’s still no guarantee he’ll play in their colours again. A potential move to China has been mooted in case a return to Old Trafford doesn’t materialise. Greenwood remains contracted to United until 2025, with the club also having an option to extend it by a further year. Fan groups, such as the Manchester United Supporters Trust and Manchester United Women’s Supporters Club, are yet to comment on Greenwood. After the charges were dropped against Greenwood, United released a statement that read: “Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. UNCERTAIN: Garnacho’s family at loggerheads with Man Utd over contract “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. “We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” And Erik ten Hag wants his United players to focus on football at a time when Greenwood is dominating the headlines. "We have always to focus on the game, no matter what," said Ten Hag. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When asked if he had anything to say on Greenwood, he said: "No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club." He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit."