Vladimir Putin is “piggybacking” on Joseph Stalin’s reputation as a war hero, and may “plausibly” be plotting a fresh military offensive on the first anniversary of his Ukraine invasion, an expert in Russian affairs has said. Lecturer in Politics and International Studies at the Open University Dr Precious Chatterje-Doody said Putin will have been well aware of the symbolism as the anniversary approaches on February 24, given his attempt to portray his war as a so-called “special operation” against theoretical Ukrainian neo-Nazis. Pictures taken on Wednesday showed large crowds gathered around the statue, with many people taking photographs - and Dr Chatterje-Doody said it was no coincidence that the city had opted for the infamous former ex-leader. Putin himself has spoken in the past of his belief that the break up of the USSR was the “greatest geopolitical catastrophe” of 21st century”, and has made no secret of his admiration for Stalin, the Georgia-born former general secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. She said: “It’s less a personal identification than an attempt to piggyback off the ‘war hero’ legacy. “Stalin has taken on almost mythical significance in Russia as the leader who led the Soviets to victory over the Nazis, and World War 2 is probably the single most significant historical event in the contemporary Russian imagination - Russians refer to it as ‘The Great Patriotic War’.” Stalin’s World War 2 victory was achieved at enormous cost, with the loss of an estimated 20 million troops, while at least that many Soviet citizens are also believed to have been killed during the course of his brutal regime. Addressing Putin’s likely motivation, she added: ”Putin has gone out of his way to paint Ukraine as a modern-day Nazi regime, to try and get Russian buy-in to the war. “That’s the not-very-subtle subtext of the new statues: ‘We were victorious then, and we will be now’.” As for whether the decision to install the bust, Dr Chatterje-Doody said it was “not necessarily Kremlin-sanctioned but certainly in tune with Kremlin attitudes… local actors know well how to anticipate regime interests”. She said: “It’s entirely plausible that Russia will try and mark notable dates such as the invasion’s anniversary with military activity. “They are keenly aware of the power of military symbolism. It would be quite a predictable move, but that doesn’t mean we can rule it out.” There was also a direct, specific reason, she pointed out, saying: “The other symbolism is 80th anniversary of victory in Volgograd/Stalingrad.” JUST IN: Biden set to double Ukraine’s strike range with high-tech smart bombs The Battle of Stalingrad raged from August 23, 1942, to February 2, 1943, and is generally regarded as one of the bloodiest battles in history, with more than two million combatants killed. The fact that it was fought between Soviet forces and those commanded by Adolf Hitler played into Putin’s narrative when it came to the war in Ukraine, which he has consistently tried to paint a battle against modern fascism - conveniently ignoring far-right elements in the Wagner Group, Russia’s shadowy army of mercenaries. Dr Chatterje-Doody said: “You could call it cognitive dissonance or just cynicism. “None of them really believe what they say about Ukraine being a neo-Nazi regime. “The Russian far right is far greater in scale and yes, is clearly present within units such as Wagner.” DON'T MISS:Russia mobilises 500,000 soldiers ahead of 'very active phase of war' [LIVE BLOG]Moscow's reputation as arms exporter in tatters in threat to economy [INSIGHT]US monitoring suspected Chinese spy balloon [ANALYSIS] During an unveiling ceremony yesterday, Aleksandr Bloshkin, chairman of the Volgograd Regional Duma, called Stalin and Soviet commanders Georgy Zhukov and Aleksandr Vasilyevsky "the architects of the Stalingrad victory." Without mentioning specifics, Bloshkin said in “unfriendly countries” similar monuments were being removed. However, Russia was taking a different course “to preserve the memory of the Great Patriotic War”, he claimed. The new bust is the second of Stalin in Volgograd In December 2019, members of the local Communist Party placed a sculpture dedicated to Stalin on the grounds of the party’s regional committee.