Prince Harry reportedly wants to have a meeting with Prince William and King Charles before taking a decision on the Coronation. The Duke of Sussex mentioned in interviews he released to launch the publication of his memoir on January 10 he wanted to have discussions with his close relatives prior to the historic event. And, according to a source, nothing has changed since the Duke of Sussex last spoke to the press. A source told the Mirror: "Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered – he isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral. "He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed." Harry and Meghan, the report added, haven't yet decided whether they will attend the historic Coronation of King Charles at Westminster Abbey in May. Interviewed by ITV's Tom Bradby ahead of the release of his memoir Spare, Harry said when asked about attending the Coronation: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. "But, you know, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. "There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they can – that they are willing to sit down and talk about it, because there’s a lot that’s happened in six years. And prior to that as well." Nevertheless, the Royal Family is "fully expecting" the pair to travel across the pond within weeks to attend the Coronation. READ MORE: Sussexes to have 'fair trial' as 'Americans don't care' about them King Charles wants his second son and daughter-in-law at the event, as revealed earlier this month by Express.co.uk, as the pair are on the list of people set to receive an invitation. Those planning to be among the 2,000-strong crowd at the London abbey will only have weeks to provide an answer to officials organising the event, with a deadline for the response set to early April. If they do attend, Meghan and Harry won't play any role during the Coronation, as they are no longer full-time working royals. In accordance with their status of minor members of the Firm, they should also be seated in a less relevant position than the Prince and Princess of Wales and other working royals. Officials will be working carefully at the seating plan in order to reduce the chance of Prince William and Harry being seen in public together during the ceremony, a move likely thought to avoid stealing the spotlight from the protagonists of the Coronation - King Charles and the Queen Consort. Previous official events may provide a blueprint for the level of prominence the Firm will give to the Sussexes if they head to the Coronation. At the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, Harry and Meghan were only allowed to attend events open to the wider family and did not make a balcony appearance as it was reserved for core members of the Firm. At the service of thanksgiving held in June last year at St Paul's Cathedral, the Sussexes sat in the second row, among other non-working royals, behind senior members of the Firm and their families. The seating arrangement was similar during the funeral service of Elizabeth II. The Duke of Sussex joined other royals in the funeral cortege - but was not allowed to wear his uniform.