He has hopes of clearing his name and even regaining a royal role, though he seems oblivious to the fact that this would be at the expense of the reputation of the monarchy. He settled the civil suit brought against him by Virginia Roberts Giuffre, who accused him of sexual assault on three occasions whilst she was trafficked by the deceased paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, a friend of Andrew. This reportedly cost £12million. Andrew has not been found guilty of any crime, so he sees no reason to do penance. He has been given hope by the recent settlement of all the legal issues between Mrs Giuffre and the noted American lawyer Alan Dershowitz in which she admits she may have “made a mistake” in her accusations against him. Dershowitz has urged Andrew to challenge the settlement he agreed with Giuffre in February last year. In the United States, more than 90 percent of civil cases are settled out of court. If Andrew was to have his day in court, it would be an international cause célèbre and hideously embarrassing for the monarchy. Mrs Giuffre has a lucrative contract to write her memoir, when the one-year gagging clause, agreed upon as part of their out-of-court deal, is lifted next month. It is unclear whether she is permitted to write about Andrew, but he is likely to sue if she does. He has received public support from his close friend Ghislaine Maxwell, Epstein’s accomplice, who is now serving a 20-year prison term for child sex trafficking. This endorsement will not help to restore his battered image. Andrew is in disgrace, having been stripped of his royal patronages and military affiliations and he cannot use the title of His Royal Highness. They were removed by the Queen, although she was always fond of him personally. He claims never to have met Giuffre, yet cannot explain a photograph of him with her and Maxwell, taken in London in 2001. This image has become notorious and what evidence there are points to it being genuine.  Whenever he attends a royal event, he attracts unwanted coverage. This was particularly evident at the Memorial Service for his father Prince Philip in Westminster Abbey, when he physically supported the Queen. King Charles and Prince William are well aware of the danger this poses and are convinced that he needs to be peripheral on the rare royal occasions he will attend in future. It has also been reported that he has been forced to vacate his suite of rooms in Buckingham Palace. As he seeks to clear his name, he must be aware that, in the court of public opinion, he is regarded with utter contempt. A YouGov poll in January gives him an approval rating of 9 percent, with only 1 percent “very positive”. It couldn’t get much worse! He is undoubtedly his own worst enemy in believing he has a future in public life, although he is only aged 62. If he were to cooperate with the FBI to help track down Epstein’s accomplices, as he promised to and was involved in low-profile charitable work over a lengthy period of time, something reportedly suggested by the Queen, the public mood might soften. He could help to manage the royal estates. A little humility, which has been conspicuously lacking, would certainly help too. In normal circumstances his daughters, Beatrice and Eugenie, who are happily married with families and careers of their own, might well carry out more royal engagements. There are fewer working royals and this is bound to affect the scale of the institution’s charitable role. However, at present, this is not a possibility, as the York brand is so toxic.  The stupefying imbecility of his interview with Emily Maitlis on the BBC’s Newsnight programme, after which he became both a national laughing stock and an international pariah, is hard to comprehend even now. The fact that he was proud of it shows his links with reality are sometimes pretty tenuous and using Buckingham Palace as the venue for it is surely unforgivable. However, he has the potential to cause further problems for the royal family, which is already beleaguered by the assaults from the Sussexes. The list of dubious figures he has befriended in the past is truly deplorable. His devoted ex-wife Sarah Ferguson lives with him at Royal Lodge in Windsor. Although attitudes towards her are more benign now, she was disastrous when she had an active royal role and some of her lapses of judgement are infamous. Andrew has a stubbornness which is almost bovine. His sense of entitlement is positively poisonous. There is no future for him in public life in contemporary Britain. 