Neymar reportedly has no intention of playing in the Premier League until he is 35 with the Brazil international determined to see out the remainder of his contract. The 31-year-old is currently tied to the French giants until 2027 and has no intention of leaving despite speculation that he has been made available for transfer. Neymar became the most expensive player in football history when PSG spent £200million to bring him to Ligue 1 from Barcelona. The Brazilian has impressed during his time in the French capital netting 118 goals and producing 77 assists in the space of 173 appearances. However, he has been somewhat hampered by persistent injury issues during his five-year spell at the club and he is set for a further spell on the sidelines after twisting his ankle during the weekend’s match with Lille. His participation in the crunch Champions League second-leg tie with Bayern Munich is now in doubt with the Parisians needing to overcome a one-goal deficit in the make-or-break clash. Reports have suggested that PSG would be willing to part ways with forward but finding a buyer would prove to be difficult. Neymar’s wages are prohibitive to most teams in Europe making the Premier League one of his most likely destinations. DON'T MISS: Arsenal face Youri Tielemans dilemma after Erik ten Hag gesture However, potential suitors face a difficult task convincing him to come with L’Equipe reporting that Neymar has no intention of leaving the club until the end of his contract in 2027. The Brazilian would be 35 at the time making a potential move to England less likely. Should Neymar fulfil his aim of remaining at PSG until the end of his deal then he would have spent a decade at the club. His conviction is not believed to be affected by the future of his close friend Lionel Messi as he intends to remain in Paris regardless of what the Argentine’s future holds. READ MORE...Man Utd bidders Ratcliffe and Al Thani 'irked' by Glazers demandLeeds 'may yet return' for Loftus-Cheek after Jesse Marsch interestWest Ham 'decide stance on sacking David Moyes' after Tottenham defeat Neymar has previously suggested that he would like to move to England in the future as the close competition within the league is something that appeals to him. "The Premier League is a championship that amazes me,” he told The Sun in 2017 while still at Barcelona. “I like the playing style and the teams. And who knows? Someday, I would like to play [in] it, yes. I admire Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool—these are the teams that are always there fighting." "In the Premier League, you never know who is going to win or who will be champions, it is always a surprise.”