The second season of NCIS: Hawaii returned last night after a brief hiatus which left fans aching for more from their favourite couple Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson). After Lucy managed to return home early from her Special Agent Afloat job, CBS viewers were thrilled when the pair took their relationship even further. This week’s edition of NCIS: Hawaii was well worth the wait for fans who have been itching to see Lucy and Kate finally reunite. Lucy has spent much of the second season away from the core team after landing a new job as a Special Agent Afloat. However, in episode 15, Good Samaritan, Lucy was able to return a day early, which scuppered Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) and the team’s plans for a surprise party. As ever, a new mission quickly arose to distract the agents, but Lucy and Kate were still able to spend some stolen moments together. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV Throughout the episode, viewers took to Twitter excitedly as their romance blossomed even further. Having been separated for so long, the couple couldn’t help kissing in front of everyone at the party and even let the agents know they were in love when Lucy admitted Whistler let slip about the surprise. Fans of the romance, affectionately dubbed ‘Kacy’, were thrilled with their progress, especially considering their strained and secretive relationship throughout the first season. Recalling a favourite moment from the episode, @gini__us tweeted: “‘Whistler!’ ‘It just came out!’ ‘It's not her fault! She just loves me so much!’” “Kate and Lucy kissing in front of everyone, I can’t stop crying!” They later added: “From ‘I am not ready to talk about dating at work’ and ‘we need to keep things compartmentalised, a secret, just for now, at least’ to kissing Lucy in front of everyone!” @alohakacy added: “Same amount of kisses in ONE episode compared to the whole first season.” @_allthelilies wrote: “They kissed in front of everyone. I'm so emotional right now.” DON'T MISS:AGT All-Stars finale sparks ‘rigged’ row with ‘Superfans’ vote [BACKLASH]Party Down’s Martin Starr says revival ‘just a teaser’ [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander fans spot tribute to Sam Heughan in novels [INSIGHT] “I'm happy we're jumping right back into getting all the good #Kacy content,” @DragonNamedBinx said. “I thought they might cool it down a little now that they're not leading up to a few months without Lucy, but nope, two scenes with kisses and Lucy in Kate's lap, so far so good.” And @Willia3Mac posted: “I’m glad we get to see more than just a single kiss. This just gives me shivers just how passionate it is!” Lucy and Kate’s loved-up reunion in the latest episode certainly bodes well for their relationship down the line now the Agent Afloat is back on dry land. As the franchise’s first same-sex couple in the main cast, most fans agree the romance has gone from strength to strength over the course of NCIS: Hawaii’s first two seasons. Plus, there was more good news this month as both NCIS and its Pacific island spin-off were renewed for another season. NCIS: Hawaii’s third season will kick off in late 2023, and fans are optimistic that Lucy and Kate’s relationship will be stronger than ever after the summer break. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 continues Monday, March 13 on CBS in the USA and is available to watch on Disney+ in the UK.