  Ralf Little, 43, has admitted he’s moved to central London to live in a flat - despite previously living in a large house in West London. The Death In Paradise actor detailed his reason for downsizing, as he spoke about the perks of living in a “magnet of art and culture”.      “Twenty years ago I did a promotional shoot in Kings Cross for the first series of Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps,” Ralf wrote. “We were after somewhere industrial, grey and a bit run down, so we ended up at the canal. Back then, it felt like a wasteland.” Ralf starred as Jonny Keogh in the first six series of Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. His co-stars included Sheridan Smith, Will Mellor, Natalie Casey, and Kathryn Drysdale. READ MORE: James Jordan ignores 'woke' parents after daughter hit    The BBC sitcom ran for 10 years between 2001 to 24 May 2011, gaining a large fanbase. Speaking about his new residence, Ralf said of King’s Cross: “Now it’s this extraordinary, vibrant area. “I moved to a flat here last year after 17 years in the same Victorian three-bed in Shepherd’s Bush. “I spend half the year in the Carribean filming Death in Paradise, so decided it was time to live more minimally,” he revealed.      “I’m right in the middle of this cultural centre and couldn’t be happier,” he added in the Evening Standard article. Ralf is currently engaged, after popping the question to his playwright partner in 2018. The star is set to marry Lindsey Ferrentino, 35, an American playwright and screenwriter from New York. The couple met after Lindsey cast Ralf in her 2016 play, Ugly Lies The Bone, and they have been together ever since. READ MORE... Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson seen in public for first time after Meghan apology [LATEST] Emmerdale's Lisa Riley terrified after she required four surgeries [UPDATE]       Ralf landed his breakout role of Antony Royle in The Royle Family when he was just 17 years old - and on course for a medical career. Since then, he has had plenty of TV and film credits, notably narrating Channel 5's documentary series Our Yorkshire Farm from 2018 to 2020. He is probably best known for playing DI Neville Parker in the BBC series Death in Paradise, which he joined in 2020. Ralf was also a semi-professional footballer, proving himself to be an extremely multi-talented star.      His playwright fiancé Lindsey is also hugely successful, winning the Kesselring Prize for playwriting in 2016 for the play in which Ralf starred. In 2018 she also received the Catalyst Awards Entertainment Industry Excellence Award for her play Amy and the Orphans. Death In Paradise airs at 9pm tonight on BBC One.    