Prince William likely had a “wry smile” on his face after watching South Park’s thinly-veiled roasting of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, according to a royal expert. Journalist Jack Royston discussed the satirical cartoon’s portrayal of the couple on a “worldwide privacy tour” - the latest instance of mainstream US TV mocking the Sussexes.   The episode features the Prince and Princess of Canada drawing attention to themselves in a chat show interview and in cities around the globe while holding signs that say "We want privacy". The red-headed prince promotes his new book, Waaagh, alongside his wife, who wears a dusty pink dress and slanted white hat similar to Meghan’s 2018 Trooping the Colour outfit. Royston believes word of the roasting will have found its way back to older brother William, who was at the centre of new claims in Harry’s bombshell memoir Spare. Appearing on Good Morning Britain, the writer is asked: “Do you think William and Kate have been secretly looking forward to watching this?”  Royston replied: "I think that William will have been sent it by one of his friends. “William, I’m sure, doesn’t watch South Park but I reckon one of his friends will have seen it on social media and sent it to him. “So I reckon he’s probably seen it and I think he will probably have had a wry smile.” The episode, aired on Wednesday night, begins with the news that the Queen of Canada - who looks like Queen Elizabeth II - has died. READ MORE: Harry's rift is a 'dark cloud' hanging over King's head   The couple are seen attending her funeral, where they are booed. They then appear on Good Morning Canada, equipped with signs that read "We want our privacy" and "Stop looking at us". The prince is asked by the host if he hates journalists, only to be questioned on whether writing a book about the Royal Family - another clear reference to his newly-released memoir Spare - makes him a journalist too. In a bid to find privacy, they relocate to the small town of South Park, and purchase a home next door to Kyle. DON'T MISS: US-China 'proxy war' likely as exact Taiwan invasion date predicted [EXCLUSIVE]US intercepts two Russian bombers off Alaskan coast as tensions rise [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan and Harry South Park ripping 'cruel and funny' [EXCLUSIVE]   The house is decorated with signs asking people to "respect our privacy" and "leave us alone". In one scene, their neighbour complains to his friends about being driven "crazy" by the royals, saying he was "sick of hearing about them" but he "can't get away from them". One of his friends, Stan, replies: "Look, Kyle, we just kind of don't care about some dumb prince and his stupid wife." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 