With February now here, we are only one month away from the official start of spring. While February can be chilly, this month is when spring garden preparation begins. As well as carrying out your garden prep jobs, gardeners shouldn’t forget to plant the vegetables that need to be sown this month for a harvest later in the year. So what vegetables should gardeners plant in February? This week, gardeners can begin to sow broad beans, carrots, parsnips, tomatoes and many more according to gardening expert and director of Easy Garden Irrigation, Sean Lade. Sean has not only shared which vegetables to start planting but tips on how to sow and water them until harvest. Vegetables that can be planted from February: Sow: January - June Providing the soil is warm enough, peas can be sown early. However, it may be worth warming the earth with cloches if necessary. If you feel the earth is still a little cold, your seeds must be sown indoors to ensure they are warm enough. To “maximise your crop” you should sow seeds every two weeks. This will mean you’ll have fresh peas from June to October. Sean added: “Peas need plenty of water, a good soaking twice a week, especially in dry periods, and mulch, mulch, mulch! Once the plants have been established, assist the plants by installing canes or a trellis.” READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito Sow: February - March For a “successful early crop”, gardeners should sow their broad bean seeds indoors in January/February ready for planting out in March. Broad beans need plenty of sunshine, moist soil and good drainage to flourish. During the summer, ensure the soil is kept moist, especially during any particularly dry, hot spells. Mulching is recommended to ensure the soil retains as much moisture as possible after you water them. Sow seeds in April and May to enjoy delicious broad beans throughout the autumn. Sean added: “Broad beans can take up to 90 days to mature, so it's essential to be patient and provide the plants with proper care and attention.” DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [UPDATE]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [ANALYSIS] Sow: February - July Carrots can be planted as early as February as they are a very resilient, cool-season vegetable that can easily grow in different climates. Sean said once planted, there is no need to move them around as they can stay in their original location from initial planting through to picking. He continued: “Carrots are pretty resilient when it comes to stretches of minimal rain, but they still need some looking after. Water regularly, but don’t panic and overwater. “You will know when they need water as their leaves will begin to wilt. Providing you have cared for them well, carrots take around 12 weeks to mature, ready for harvesting in the summer.” Sean also recently launched his own yearly vegetable planting calendar, which shows gardeners when to plant various vegetables throughout the year in the UK. READ MORE: Frances Tophill shares free mulch hack to keep crops ‘looking good’ Sow: February - May Parsnips can be planted as early as February, however, it’s best to wait a little longer for the warmer months like March, April and May. Parsnips prefer a soil pH between 6.0 and 6.8, and they need plenty of moisture and a long growing season to produce large, flavourful roots. Parsnips need to be kept well-watered, especially during dry spells. Gardeners need to ensure they do not let the soil dry out or flood, as this will affect the quality of the harvest when it’s time for harvest. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sow: February - September Sean said: “You can start sowing your radishes in February/March for summer crops. Sow fortnightly for harvests throughout the summer. “If you are looking for a later harvest, plant Winter or Oriental varieties from June fortnightly for around two months. “Keep the soil nice and moist to enriched roots and pick as and when you require them. Make sure the leaves are nice and big to ensure a ready radish.”