A senior politician has prompted a backlash when she suggested people could eat turnips instead of lettuce and tomatoes, which are in short supply and have seen supermarkets introduce rationing. Secretary of State for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Therese Coffey told MPs the UK should “cherish the specialisms” of agriculture and said a “lot of people would be eating turnips right now” under a native food seasonal growing model. Ms Coffey did acknowledge shoppers expect “year-round choice”, but was ridiculed as major supermarkets including Tesco and Aldi placed a three item limits on some fruit and vegetables. Ed Davey, the leader of the Liberal Democrats, accused her of taking a high-handed approach, summing up Ms Coffey’s comments as: “Let them eat turnips”.  Ms Coffey told the House of Commons today the ongoing shortages of produce will be temporary and the issue should be resolved in two to four weeks. Her remarks came after hwe colleague Selaine Saxby said supermarkets are importing "far too many products" and suggested seasonal eating would solve the issue. A shortage of tomatows in UK supermarkets now includes other fruit and vegetables due to a combination of bad weather and transport problems in Africa and Europe. Photos have emerged of supermarket fresh produce shelves empty across the UK.Responding to an urgent question in Parliament, Ms Coffey said: "I am led to believe by my officials, after discussion with industry and retailers, we anticipate the situation will last about another two to four weeks."Even if we cannot control the weather, it is important that we try and make sure the supply continues to not be frustrated in quite the way it has been due to these unusual weather incidents."Ms Saxby, Conservative MP for North Devon, later said: "The supermarkets are still importing far too many products for us and... actually we should be eating more seasonally and supporting our own British farmers."And if we were actually to move to a seasonal line of eating, many of these problems would be avoided... there are great food products available from local farmers at this time."Ms Coffey replied: "It's important to make sure that we cherish the specialisms that we have in this country."A lot of people would be eating turnips right now rather than thinking necessarily about aspects of lettuce and tomatoes and similar, but I'm conscious that consumers want a year-round choice and that is what our supermarkets, food producers and growers around the world try to satisfy." READ MORE: Russia's invasion of Ukraine, one year on: But what next for Putin and world stability? Labour shadow environment secretary Jim McMahon said: "There is genuine public concern about the availability of food, and as the secretary responsible for our food security - and let's bear in mind food security is national security - this is absolutely mission-critical."He questioned suggestions the food shortages were entirely caused by external forces, claiming ministers could have done more to support farmers with access to "the energy-intensive support scheme", and could have increased quotas on labour to help with workforce shortages. In response to some consternation over Ms Coffey’s “turnip” remarks Downing Street said she was setting out the importance of "celebrating" British produce when she appeared to suggest that eating turnips could help avoid fruit and vegetable shortages in UK supermarkets. No 10 also rejected suggestions that Brexit was to blame for any shortages. A Downing Street spokesman said: "We don't believe it is for us to tell people what they should or shouldn't buy, that is entirely a matter for them. "I think what the Secretary of State was doing was setting out the importance of celebrating the produce that we grow here in the UK but, ultimately, it is for individuals to decide what food they wish to buy." DON'T MISS: Boris warns it's 'vital' Sunak backs brave Ukrainians with tanks and planes