The bank has confirmed a wave of interest rate increases this month, February 2023, with some having already taken place. In response to the Bank of England’s base rate hikes, Santander has supported its customers by boosting the returns from its products. Earlier in the month, Santander announced that savings products that are linked to the Bank of England base rate will be awarded a rate rise of 0.50 percent from March 2. Among the savings accounts that are linked to the base rate are the Rate for Life and Good for Life savings products. Among the Santander products which saw their rates increased from February 21, which are not linked to the base rate, include: READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance As well as this, Santander has confirmed another wave of interest rate rises will take effect from March 2, 2023, for new and existing customers. These include the Junior ISA rate going up from 2.25 percent to 2.50 percent as of next month. Other rate changes, but which are just for existing customers, will come into effect on the same day and include: As well as this, Santander also raised the in-credit interest rate on its 1I2I3, Select and Private Current Accounts. The interest rate on these savings accounts are variable and do not track with the Bank of England’s base rate. Following this hike, these accounts pay a monthly interest rate of two percent AER/1.98 percent gross (variable) on balances up to £20,000. The bank’s interest rate increase was automatically applied to customer accounts from February 7, 2023 with customers eligible to get up to £396.38 in interest on their account annually. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing At the beginning of February, the Bank of England raised the base rate for the tenth consecutive time in a row. The base rate is the amount at which the central bank charges financial institutions for borrowing money. As it stands, the base rate is sitting at four percent which has been partially passed onto savings accounts via high street banks and building societies. Interest rates have risen substantially in recent months in a bid to mitigate the damage caused by the UK’s skyrocketing inflation rate, which has exceeded 10 percent for months now. Rachel Springall, a finance expert at Moneyfacts, broke down the current state of the savings market following the Bank of England’s wave of interventions. She explained: “Savings rates rose across the market month-on-month showing positive signs of provider competition. The consecutive Bank of England base rate rises, coupled with competition among challenger banks, has led to both the average easy access and notice rates hitting their highest levels in more than 14 years. “The number of accounts overall for savers has also grown, seeing its biggest month-on-month rise since March 2022 and choice now rests at the highest count since November 2022. “These are all encouraging signs for the months ahead, particularly as we edge closer to a new tax year.”