Brits travelling to Heathrow Airport from London will be faced with delays as a major motorway has been blocked by a car fire. Part of the M4 was brought to a standstill after a car burst into flames on the road, causingan obstruction. The M4 has been blocked between J3 A312, Hayes, and J4, Heathrow, since 2.30pm. The ongoing fire is expected to cause continued disruption for those heading out of London towards Heathrow Airport this afternoon.  The London Fire Brigade has crews on the scene, and said that the fire is "under control." A spokesperson for the service said: "Firefighters tackled a car fire on the M4 westbound between junctions 3 and 4. "The Brigade was called at 1432 and the fire was under control by 1453. Crews from Hayes and Hillingdon fire stations attended the scene." While the M4 was initially completely blocked, two lanes have now been opened past the fire itself. Traffic has slowly started to move since 4pm. Finding a new route for journeys to Heathrow is still advised as ongoing disruption is expected. Inrix, the traffic data company, said: "Traffic easing, earlier car fire on M4 Westbound from J3 A312 The Parkway (Hayes / Heston) to J4 (Heathrow / Uxbridge)." READ MORE: Cops charged with Nichols’ death ‘assaulted another black man’ [REVEAL] The blaze comes just days after a lorry fire saw the same motorway blocked up closer to Swindon. Emergency crews were called to the M4 eastbound at around 5am on February 12 to reports of a lorry on fire between junction 15 for Swindon East and junction 14 for Malborough. Traffic was held temporarily while the fire was extinguished. Just two days before that, another car fire cause a traffic pile-up on the same motorway near Reading. Two lanes were shut to traffic between Junction 10 (Wokingham) and Junction 11 (Reading). The fire was first reported at around 2.15pm and the lanes reopened around two hours later. DON'T MISS: Log burners create ‘pollution hotspots’ in richer areas [REVEAL]Top 50 everyday 'dramas' - being stuck in traffic tops list [INSIGHT]Ryanair cancels flights due to France strikes [ANALYSIS]