This year, The Apprentice viewers have welcomed a fresh batch of budding entrepreneurs all eager to get an investment from Lord Alan Sugar. Recently, the remaining contestants took a trip to Dubai for a task, although Reece Donnelly revealed his time there wasn’t quite what he envisioned. During week six, the candidates jetted across the globe to Dubai as they were tasked with organising corporate away day experiences.Split into two teams, each group had to try and make the most profit overall in order to win the challenge and be safe from being sent home.Although viewers saw the candidates ride camels in the desert, jet ski on choppy waters and dine on a yacht, one person was noticeably absent from the episode.Back in the boardroom in the UK, Lord Sugar informed everybody Reece Donnelly was no longer taking part in the competition. READ MORE:Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Speaking to Go Radio since his exit, the 25-year-old revealed he had become incredibly unwell when they were filming to abroad episode and had to be taken to hospital.He commented: “I did go to Dubai but unfortunately when I got there, I was taken straight to a hospital.'I spent the four days that they spent in the desert and on yachts, incredibly unwell.“When I came back to the UK, it basically came down to the idea that I could not continue the show due to a health issue that I picked up actually before I went to Dubai. I wasn't aware of it. “As you will know, probably very similar, if anyone was aware, Olivia Atwood and what happened last year. It's all very boring.”Explaining medics would come and check on him, it was decided after speaking with Lord Sugar he would bow out of the series.The former candidate added: “We get medics that come in every few days and they go 'Your levels do not match in order for you to go out in 45-degree heat, you better go and get yourself sorted out.'"Reece touched on the rumours circulating he had been drinking on the flight, which he quickly dismissed. DONT MISS... Unforgotten boss addresses 'profound loss' of Nicola Walker from show [VIDEO] Vera's Brenda Blethyn details changes made for beloved DCI Stanhope [INSIGHT] Loose Women star branded 'out of touch' over lavish funeral plans [REACTION] He added: “May I add, you sit in between two chaperones and you are lucky if you can get an orange juice, let alone a bottle of wine, so it's just bizarre."Despite Recce’s unexpected exit from the show, that didn’t stop Lord Sugar from continuing to fire one of the contestants who failed to impress during the Dubai task.In the end, it was team leader Rochelle Anthony, Simba Rwambiwa and Joseph Phillips who found themselves at risk of being sent home after a series of blunders.They all fought their case to continue their journey in the competition, however, it was Safari Guide Joseph who faced the wrath of Lord Sugar. Although he confessed the responsibility fell to Rochelle as team leader, he said: “You Joseph, you were responsible for the kitchen.“Ultimately, that was one of the reasons for the failure of this task.“Joe, the food was burnt and you said, ‘oh by the way, you can only have two drinks’. The service was poor, so it’s with regret Joe, you’re fired.” The Apprentice continues Thursday on BBC One from 9pm.