The most pessimistic believe they're looking at a repeat of 1997 when a Tory government lost power in a Labour landslide victory. But others see parallels with the election of 1992 when Conservatives were bracing for defeat after more than a decade in office - but defied expectations to pull off a historic victory.  It's very much in character for Boris Johnson to reject the gloomy option. The former prime minister believes there's everything to play for, despite opinion polls showing Labour in the lead. As he points out, there's a long way to go until the next election takes place. Indeed, a vote could in theory wait until January 2025, although it's more likely to happen next year. Boris is also right to argue that there's no great wave of support for Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, who appears to believe that power will simply fall into his lap if he plays it safe. But Mr Johnson has a warning for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak. As he says, voters will reward the Conservative Party if it makes their lives better, which means getting the economy growing and putting more money back into people's pockets. Cutting taxes when the timing is right would not only help hard-pressed households struggling with the cost of living, but also give the country an economic boost just when it's needed most.  The medicine is working. Higher interest rates may have pushed up the cost of mortgages, but they appear to be doing the trick of getting inflation under control. That's why Huw Pill, the Bank of England's Chief Economist, has indicated that no further rises are likely to be needed. His comments will be welcomed by many homeowners, and they reflect growing optimism about the economy in general. The Bank of England now believes that a predicted recession will be shorter and shallower than previously feared. We're not out of the woods yet, but we're definitely heading in the right direction.  Love is in the air, and so soon will be many couples, as they jet off for Valentine's Day holidays in the Canaries, Egypt and New York as well as destinations closer to home. Perhaps it's no surprise that the travel industry is enjoying a boom after the trials and tribulations of recent years. We all deserve a good break at this time of year, whether romance is involved or not. 