The actress, 37, who recently revealed that she is expecting her second child with the Strictly Come Dancing professional, 32, said that she has gone up three bra sizes and Gorka is "living his best life ever" in a cheeky pregnancy update. Sharing the news with her Instagram followers, the radio DJ replied to well-wishers who had congratulated her on her pregnancy, while also addressing concerns about her health. She said of her changing shape: “Yes my boobs have got massive. “I’m three cup sizes up! Gorka is living his best life with these bad boys! (short-lived as they will soon be spaniels' ears).” Gemma’s hilarious revelation comes as she branches out into maternity wear in her own clothing range. READ MORE: Fern Britton in mishap as she admits being 'in love' with fellow celeb Looking cute and showing a growing baby bump, she showcased clothes from the new line that includes a collection for expectant mums. Mum-of-one Gemma modelled a trendy two-piece trouser and crop top combo. Fans flocked to her page to leave comments, with one particularly concerned about her health They admitted worrying that the actress sounded breathless. They wrote: “Gemma you sound a bit breathless keep an eye on it. If it continues, speak to your midwife. Hugs from you virtual midwife.” Gemma captioned that post with a heartfelt response writing: “So lovely for people to care about these things. “I’m all good though. I sprinted up the stairs as I had minutes to get all the final looks done. “Normal fitness shall resume later in the year.” DONT MISS: Austin Butler shares 'what they don't tell you about winning' awards [LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [RADIO]Lisa Marie Presley took out ‘3 life insurance policies’ before death [INSIGHT] Looking ultra-glamorous on the shoot, Gemma also replied to fans who asked her whether she was wearing hair extensions, how tall she is, and what dress size she is now. She wrote: “To answer the most questions, 1: no I don't have extensions I think because I wear my hair up most of the time people forget how long it is.” “2: I’m 5’9 usually and a size 10, but in this range, I've gone to a size 12.” “As my whole body has increased in size to grow little man. There is more growing to do too.” “3: Not a question but I had to go back to reality post-shoot, post makeup removal, this is my current situation” With that, she finished the reel by posting a snap of her and her partner Gorka laying in bed together, makeup-free, snacking on chocolate, with a love heart emoji. Gemma, who already shares a daughter Mia, three, with dancer Gorka, recently announced that the pair are set to get married later this year after they had to postpone the big day due to Covid restrictions. Speaking to Hello!, she said: “ We know we don't want a massive glitzy occasion, just something nice, with the people there who we want there and chilled really.”