Unlike the majority of other royal couples, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry always hold hands when out and about in public. Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, a celebrity psychic and body language expert about the hand-holding techniques the couple uses and what they mean. Holding hands is extremely common, and humans regularly go for someone’s hand without realising it. It is a simple gesture that can provide a sense of connection and intimacy to people. As with any other language signs, different ways to hold hands can be interpreted differently depending on many factors. To get a deeper understanding of the emotional connection that the couple shares, the way a couple frequently holds hands can be analysed. READ MORE: Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment Express.co.uk previously revealed why Meghan and Harry always hold hands, and there are several techniques they use to physically connect. Inbaal explained: “Hand-holding between couples can signify many different facts about their romantic bond. “It can be a gesture of love, of wanting to always touch the other person. It can be a show of reassurance, letting the other one know that you're never far away. And it can be a sign of possessiveness, marking the partner as belonging to their mate. “Harry and Meghan are rarely seen fully apart, their hands on or around one another. In contrast, William and Catherine, are rarely ever spotted locking hands - they will be seen holding the hands of their children, or with their hands-free to be able to shake the hands of well-wishers. DON'T MISS:Top picks from Aldi Specialbuys & Lidl’s middle aisle this week [LIST]Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range [SHOP]Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]  “Meghan and Harry's hand holding can roughly be divided into three distinct types; interlocking fingers, butterfly hand contact and the clamshell.” Inbaal discussed the first type of hand-holding: “First, they do lots of 'interlocking fingers' - meaning they hold hands so that their palms are pressed together, and each finger rests between two fingers of the other person. “This way of holding hands shows a great deal of closeness and intimacy. This shows two people who are happiest when they are together and love feeling the other person as closely as possible. “This is a powerful hold that reassures each partner that the other one has got their back. It's a trusting, loving, passionate way of holding hands. READ MORE: Princess Diana didn’t see herself as ‘Queen of country’ - reason “They also demonstrate a lot of 'butterfly' hand contact - meaning each of them rests one hand on the other one or holds one hand of the other, very gently, without pressing or bending any fingers,” she added. “This is a very subtle and sensitive hand-holding, showing that the couple shares a lot of trust, and feel no need nor desire to limit the other person. “Lastly, we've seen the couple engage in the ultimate hand-holding, the 'clam shell' - meaning one partner is holding the other's hand, with both their hands, in a clam shape. “Usually we see Meghan embracing Harry's hand, using both her hands. This is a bold gesture of deep connection and reassurance. She is showing her husband that she's happy to share whatever he brings into the relationship. “It's a gesture that is in turn both dominant and submissive - dominant because it's blunt and it shows the world that this man is hers!” The expert claimed. “But it is also submissive because it leaves her no hands to carry out her own duties. She's giving everything to him.” Inbaal summarised: “Interestingly, they combine these three main ways of hand-holding, so we sometimes see a deep and connected interlocking clamshell, and even a butterfly clamshell, when her hands rest very gently on both sides of his hand. “They show us that they're a united couple, the two of them against the world, and their bond is unbreakable."