Prince William had royal fans gushing as footage showing the heir to the throne shielding Kate, the Princess of Wales from the rain was unearthed. The video showed the couple exiting Westminster Abbey at the end of last year's Commonwealth Day service to greet officials and some children gathered outside to meet the couple. Kate was handed an umbrella to hold because of the rainy conditions but the Princess of Wales declined the offer as she continued to speak to the children. Having noted one of the aides moving away with the rejected umbrella, Prince William stepped in and took it himself to hold over Kate in what royal fans dubbed a "protective" manner. As the Prince of Wales approaches his wife, Kate can be seen turning as she notices the shadow of the umbrella to beam at William for his gesture. The pair can be seen exchanging a quick word before they resume walking towards their waiting car outside of the Abbey's gates. Royal fans came in droves to social media to express their delight at the Prince of Wales showing his love for Kate with subtle gestures. JUST IN: Meghan was 'treated differently' as first black person 'working in the royal C-suites' User @fireflysonata commented: "Now this is a REAL GENTLEMAN!!! This man LOVES HIS WIFE!!!" @JenCarsonTaylor said: "He's always so aware and protective of his family." And @HonestGirl76 wrote: "This makes me smile. "Small thoughtful gestures are the building blocks of a deeply loving, stable relationship." The clip was also widely shared on TikTok, where royal supporters further expressed their appreciation for the coupe. READ MORE: Biggest Hollywood star cancels film plans for King Charles coronation User odethdeguzman1 said: "They love each other, that's the truth and reality. Be happy for them." Alison wrote: "Her hands were occupied, how thoughtful of William." Prince William and Kate have always had a rather subtle way of showing affection for each other during public outings to remain in line with royal protocol. But as the years go on, the Prince and Princess of Wales have increasingly shown off their "synchronicity" and offered some glimpses into their deep connection. DON'T MISS:Meghan’s doppelgänger goes viral on TikTok [WATCH]13 claims 'older woman' Sasha Walpole has made about Harry's virginity [REPORT]Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter [OPINION] Body language expert Blanca Cobb noted the couple's harmony during last year's visit to Boston for the Earthshot Prize awards. Cobb said: "William and Kate are very royal-esque and I do believe that they love each other, they're crazy about each other. "They just demonstrate it in public in a very different way. They have a different protocol for PDA as do Harry and Meghan." She added: "They will still touch one another on occasion. They will still look into each other’s eyes, and they will smile. "That synchronicity or the degree of the smile lets us know that they’re still very much connected to one another. "So, although they’re public or PDA might be a little different, they’re still a very connected and regal couple." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews