However, Tanya soon realised that she had made a mistake and expressed her apologies and love for her original partner Shaq Muhammed, leaving Martin single. During Tuesday night's episode, the islanders sat down for the yearly compatibility test which left viewers feeling sorry for Martin and claiming the other islanders were "bullying" him. Since Shaq is the only official single person in the villa, he hosted the game whilst the rest of the islanders gathered around the fire pit. Whilst the rest of the couples went off and discussed things about themselves, Martin and Tanya sat in awkward silence. When it came down to the questions, Martin took most of the heat which viewers found to be unfair. Shaq asked: "Which islander does your partner think is least genuine in the villa?" to which Casey O'Gorman, Claudia Fogerty, Tom Clare, Samie Elishi, Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins all chose Martin. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue In the beach hut, Martin expressed: "I don't really know why you would choose me. It didn't make any sense to me." The next question where Martin received all the heat, Shaq asked: "Which islander does your boy trust the least?" Samie, Tom, Lana and Ron all said Martin once again, with Ron trying to soften the blow: "Love you to bits, it is literally just the case of I have known you for the least amount of time." Viewers of the show felt sorry for Martin in that situation, especially after his rough night before with Tanya, and took to Twitter to express their concern. Kay Marie commented: "Martin catching hella stray bullets #loveIsland." @MungabaK added: "Everyone really came for Martin today… unprovoked #loveisland." @danielarf21 asked: "Why are they all bullying Martin? He's the only one that's real #loveisland." @kllf26 fumed: "That challenge was just bad vibes. I feel so sorry for Martin #loveisland." DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [WATCH]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [LATEST]Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [INSIGHT] @angelaw_x expressed: "Can someone check and see if Martin ok ? Honestly the way they treated him was bang out of order #loveisland #LoveIslandUK." @koolestjade wrote: "Why were they all voting martin as ‘least trustworthy’ bc they haven't known him for long but no one voted for maxwell?? #loveisland." (sic) During last night's show, Tanya revealed that she had kissed Shaq during the night before speaking with Martin. Tonight, he pulled her to one side and explained how he felt: "When I was speaking to you, you never told me you were a liar. "You are not sincere, you made me look like I was dumb. You are a liar, you made me look like an idiot, and you made me look like I was talking s**t when I pointed out some things to you. "You could have just been honest, you made me look like I didn't know what I was saying, but what the f**k." Martin stood up and walked away from Tanya before continuing to speak about her in front of the other islanders. She stormed off and shouted: "You are a grown man act your age. This is the last conversation we are ever going to have. I am not a liar." Love Island airs every day from 9pm on ITV.