  Sariah Saibu, who starred in award-winning short film Beautiful They in 2021, died on January 30. The young actress has a lead role in the coming-of-age movie and also worked as a model and dancer.     The star’s aunt Cassandra Colvin wrote a tribute to the actress, which read: "This morning we lost our darling Sariah. "I am struggling to find the words to express the grief that I and her family are feeling at this time. "RIP beautiful - all our love always." A fundraising page set up for Sariah's funeral also described the actress as "the Queen, the Karaoke King, the Star, and the Icon".    The fundraiser is helping to cover the cost of two memorials for the actress, the first of which will be held in Walyalup/Fremantle and the second of which will take place in Darwin/Garramilla. The description on the page, which has already raised over $5,401, read: “The Princess of not only Perth, but Darwin. “The protagonist of our lives and gem of our hearts,” it continued. “Sariah made everlasting impressions on her community, which has been felt and greatly appreciated by her family and closest friends.      “Every Princess deserves an extra, sassy and heartfelt celebration of life. “We all understand there are extensive costs in these kinds of things. “If you'd like to continue to support Sariah's family during this time, and have financial capacity, please donate towards this celebration of her life.” In the comments section, Sariah’s friends and loved ones remembered the actress fondly as they shared donations. READ MORE... Madonna fires back at ‘ageist’ comments about Grammys appearance [NEWS] Sadie Frost talks 'moving on' from Primrose Hill set with ex Jude Law [NEWS] Amanda Holden told she 'looks like a 25-year-old' in lingerie pics [PICTURE]     Elizabeth wrote: “Lots of love to Sariah’s nearest and dearest. A hilarious, sparkly, one of a kind little demon. We’ll all miss her so much xxx.” (sic) Andrew penned: “I only met Sariah once in Darwin. Her kindness and bubbly nature had stuck with me ever since. “A tragic loss, my condolences to her family and friends. May she rest in peace.” “Wish I could be there. Love you Sariah, love you all,” Katherine commented.     While Claude added: “May your beautiful soul rest in eternal peace.” Sariah’s performance in Beautiful They saw her perform alongside Australian actor Morgan Davies. The movie was screened at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City as well as the Melbourne International Film Festival. The film was awarded Best Film by the Queer Screen Mardi Gras in 2022 and won City Of Melbourne's Best Australian Short Film.     