Dr Ginni Mansberg and Dr Hasia Al Khubra exclusively shared the best tips and products one can use to appear younger. Dr Ginni is a GP and founder of ESK Skincare, while Dr Hasia is a cosmetic doctor, skin specialist, and founder of the prescription and non-prescription skincare line Doctors Dose. Dr Ginni explained “there are two factors that result in skin ageing”. “The first is simply the ticking of the clock or chronological ageing. The second, often called premature ageing, is caused by external factors like air pollution, smoking and diet but is primarily caused by cumulative exposure to the sun,” she said. “While many of the impacts of chronological and premature skin ageing are similar, chronologically aged skin tends to look dry, thin and finely wrinkled. “On the other hand, prematurely aged skin tends to look leathery, with bigger wrinkles and uneven pigmentation.” However, Dr Ginni went on to say that “we have some pretty good evidence about things we can do to reduce and reverse some of the signs of premature skin ageing, but when it comes to chronological ageing the evidence is less clear and so most of what we focus on is premature ageing”. One of the most essential things one can do is protect their skin from the sun. The doctor said: “The single most important thing we can do to limit and reverse skin ageing, is limit our sun exposure. And it is never too early or late to start. “Sun avoidance, shade, and protective clothing are the best forms of protection. Though, perhaps the easiest thing we can do is use broad-spectrum sunscreen every day. DON'T MISS:February horoscope for the month ahead - check your astrology forecast [INSIGHT]Woman elopes with stepdad & asks the internet how to tell her mother [VIDEO]Woman, 40, who 'looks in her 20s' on the haircare mistake ageing hair [COMMENT] “The primary concern for premature ageing - and increasingly we are aware of an increased risk of skin cancer - is exposure to the sun’s UVA rays.” To protect one’s skin against UVA rays, Dr Ginni advised looking for skin products with the words “broad-spectrum” on them, which indicates that the product protects from UVA as well as UVB. Products with Vitamins B3 and C in them can also help. Vitamin B3 (Niacinamide) is stable, well-tolerated and is helpful for many skin types and conditions, while Vitamin C (L-Ascorbic Acid) is great for helping with the classical signs of sun related skin ageing. Dr Hasia Al Khubra told Express.co.uk that, in order to look younger, “there’s so many things and it’s about the whole picture, not just one thing in particular”. “For your eyebrows, fuller eyebrows are a sign of youth so a brow growth serum would be great for this. “For your skin, I recommend using a retinoid as it delays the ageing process. I also recommend using a good moisturiser with a high strength of hyaluronic acid as you want to keep the skin hydrated. “For your lips, people tend to forget that the lips age and you want to keep them plump and youthful so I recommend including a hydrating lip balm and some SPF into your lip care. “For under eyes, the best product for ageing is a retinoid. It doesn’t need to be specifically formulated in an eye cream, but tretinoin will help delay ageing around the eyes and is the only FDA approved ingredient for fine lines and wrinkles. “A key skincare ingredient for slowing the ageing process is Vitamin C as it is an antioxidant and keeps the skin looking smooth and younger for longer,” Dr Hasia added. There are other factors too, she stressed, such as wearing sunglasses, sunhats, caps, and long sleeves, as well as completely avoiding sun tanning beds. Like Dr Ginni, Dr Hasia noted that “the best product for your skin to slow the ageing process is sunscreen”.