Thibaut Courtois rubbed salt into Liverpool's wounds after Tuesday's defeat at the hands of Real Madrid by insisting that the Reds are no longer the feared European heavyweights they once were. The Reds took an early two-goal lead but were ultimately made to pay for several lapses at the back as their Spanish opponents ran riot to score five and take a healthy advantage into next month's decisive second-leg clash at the Bernabeu. The result leaves Liverpool needing to score at least three goals away from home to stand any chance of reaching the quarter-finals, which will be a hugely difficult task for the misfiring Reds against the reigning European champions. Courtois appeared to be confident of Real Madrid's chances of progressing after the final whistle on Tuesday, with the former Chelsea stopper insisting that Liverpool are nowhere near as strong as they have been in previous seasons."We knew we could hurt them and Vinicius [Junior]’s first goal gave us breathing space," said Courtois. "We had some counter-attacks and we know that we could cause them problems, that’s how we won the game today. Madrid are always going to fight until the end. Liverpool are not the team of last year, to be honest, they are more vulnerable."It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will be able to pull off a remarkable comeback in the second leg in Madrid, although stranger things have happened and they will be determined to avoid giving up the chase until the final whistle blows at the Bernabeu. The Reds were a long way off their best at Anfield on Tuesday night, with several high-profile errors allowing the visitors back into the game after goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah gave the Reds an early two-goal lead. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp left with egg on face for Real comments The match also saw Liverpool register a series of unwanted statistics, with the Merseyside giants becoming the first team in Champions League history to take a 2-0 lead before losing by a margin of three goals. They also conceded five in a single game at Anfield for the very first time, while they have now gone seven games without a win against Real Madrid since recording a comfortable 4-0 home victory back in 2009.Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher wasted little time in tearing into his former club after the full-time whistle on Tuesday, with the 45-year-old insisting that Jurgen Klopp's players should be ashamed of themselves after putting in arguably the Reds' worst performance in Europe in recent memory. "I've never seen a team come to Anfield on a European night that I can remember, that I was involved in [or] that I've seen and perform like that and destroy Liverpool like that," fumed Carragher on CBS Sports. "That was shambolic from Liverpool, embarrassing."We've made excuses for them all season, the reasons why they're not doing as well as they have done in previous seasons, but that was a disgrace in that second half. To lose that second half 3-0, you're attacking the Kop, it's 2-2, knockout game... as I said, absolutely shambolic from Liverpool."And what I'm talking about in terms of being shambolic, I'm talking about defensively shambolic all season. It was nonsense, absolute nonsense that Liverpool were back [after] their last two games, and that's why I was cautious before the game." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.