Aaron Rodgers has made a lot of hints about his future in the NFL since the end of the regular season, but stated that he would enjoy a "four-day darkness" this week to really think about his next steps. Fans were then confused as he appeared on the Pat McAfee Show on Tuesday, but Tom Brady has come out in his defence. Brady has backed Rodgers following fan backlash after his appearance on the Pat McAfee Show, calling for peace and silence. Rodgers is still yet to conclusively decide his future, despite still having two-years left on his deal with the Green Bay Packers. Rodgers has teased every possible outcome since the Packers' season came to an end, but claimed he would take considerable time to think about what's next. One man that has decided their future is Brady, who officially announced his retirement on February 1, ending any speculation. Brady has backed Rodgers' process, and attempted to ease fan pressure on the veteran quarterback. “Everyone has their different processes they go through," Brady said on his Lets Go Podcast. "I think we all need to get off our phone a little bit more. "I think we all need to get away from the TV a little bit more. I think we all need a little more nature and a little more silence, and a little more peace. And however, he’s going about it, good for him. “Everyone’s got their unique way to process the season. We’ve all got to be on; it’s very intense for all of us. It’s nice; everyone gets to choose what they want to do." Despite appearing on the show, Rodgers is still set to have his four-day break after confirming it would begin at the end of this week. This was reportedly always the plan according to Rodgers, and the NFL star was shocked that so many people were invested. But Brady has offered his views on what Rodgers should do next, as he doesn't want the Packers star to retire. "You know what, I hope he doesn't retire," Brady added on his podcast. "...I think the league needs good quarterbacks, and he's one of the greats. So if he retires, it'll be a sad day for the league. "And you could see as he got healthy throughout the year how incredibly talented he is. So I hope the good players keep playing. That's what my hope is."