Novak Djokovic has been told that his biggest rival could be someone in his own team. Retired pro Andrea Petkovic analysed the world No 1’s recent run to a historic 10th Australian Open title and admitted that his own coach Goran Ivanisevic may be his main threat instead of the likes of Rafael Nadal. Djokovic made history in Melbourne last month as he became the first player to win a 10th Australian Open crown. It also allowed him to draw level with long-time rival Rafael Nadal in the Grand Slam race with 22 overall titles, with many hoping they will do battle for a record 23rd men’s singles Major at the French Open later this year. But it appears that the Spaniard may not be the main obstacle in Djokovic’s way to Grand Slam history, as former WTA No 9 Petkovic admitted that she thought the Serb’s coach may be his own biggest rival instead of another player. The retired German pro made the stunning claim as she shared her thoughts on the 35-year-old’s run at the Australian Open. “Some thoughts I had while watching Novak these past two weeks where he arguably played the best tennis he‘s ever played,” Petkovic tweeted. “His biggest strengths are his eyes - he sees the ball earlier than anybody else - and his ADAPTABILITY. JUST IN: Federer ruled out of GOAT race vs Nadal and Djokovic by Thiem   “He doesn‘t have a distinct ‘Novak’ playing style, BUT he can adapt to any given condition, surface and opponent. He needs to play defensive? He can. He needs to be aggressive? He can. He needs to counter-punch? He damn well can.”  The seven-time title winner then shared something fellow retired German tennis pro Boris Becker had told her about his own former charge Djokovic before making her claim on Ivanisevic’s interference. She continued: “Something @TheBorisBecker said to me recently was very interesting: Novak is like water, you can never really grasp him.  “It‘s been fascinating to watch for years. That he is obviously mentally strong, physically fit, etc etc is a given. But the adaptability makes him almost impossible to beat because as an opponent you never know who will be on the other side of the net on any given day.”  DON'T MISSMcEnroe's luxurious houses, rock-star wife and cars amid £87m fortuneNick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas clash again as angry feud worsensCorretja explains reason Djokovic and Nadal aren't friends With a crying-laughing emoji, Petkovic then concluded: “Also: Sometimes his biggest opponent seems to be… Goran.” It comes after Djokovic himself joked about the way he sometimes vented to his coach during his matches in Melbourne, telling his team that he appreciated their patience when they tolerated “sometimes the worst sides of [his] character” before calling out Ivanisevic for laughing. The world No 1 was also later asked about the chattering between himself and Ivanisevic during the final as he admitted he wouldn’t be as calm as the 2001 Wimbledon champion if he had a player venting towards him. “No, it was Goran and other members of my team. Just a normal chatter that we would normally have in the court where I was not comfortable and was looking for some help and some advices, some guidance. That's all it is,” he explained. “Obviously on the court, difficult to explain to people that have not been in these situations what you go through. So of course I know that, as I said on the ceremony, they tolerate a lot of things that I do to them, say to them, and I'm really grateful to have their presence and their support, just the way they are. If I'm in the box, and a guy is doing that to me, I'll probably act differently.” 