A benefits cheat who was fraudulently pretending to be a single mum to steal nearly £72,000 of state handouts was exposed when she posted pictures on social media of her kissing her long-time boyfriend. Andrea Lawner claimed extra working tax credit, child tax credit, income support and housing benefit for five years by pretending she was alone and bringing up two children by herself, on a low income. But the 35-year-old was caught after investigators received a tip-off and scrutinised her public Facebook. There, they found a series of romantic selfies showing the mother-of-two kissing and cuddling Scott Bennoch. Mr Bennoch was thought to be the father of her youngest child. Officials later seized documents including bank statements and loan applications which showed the couple were living together in Neston, Wirral, Cheshire. The Daily Mirror reports at a hearing at Chester Magistrates Court, Lawner wept as she admitted four charges of benefit fraud, including an offence of failing to disclose she was living with painter and decorator Mr Bennoch. Her Facebook account has since been deleted. Alan Currums, prosecuting, said: "The defendant is before the court because she claimed a number of benefits she was not entitled to. "The benefits were paid on the basis that she had sole responsibility for bringing up two children on a low income. "Any change of circumstances, in any or all of the benefits, should have been made known to the Department. "But she failed to notify a change in circumstances around 6 April 2014, namely that she was living with a partner as husband and wife. Her partner was Scott Bennoch. He had been in remunerative employment. "Interrogation on Facebook showed that both parties were living as a couple. The amount claimed is quite substantial. The DWP will, if it has not already, claim the money by its own means."   Lawner had no previous convictions. In mitigation, lawyer Steve Coupe said his client had run her own business from 2012 from 2014 but problems began when her youngest child, now aged 10, was diagnosed with a medical condition which "required a high level of care”. Mr Coupe added: “It changed the landscape. She came out of work and started to make a claim. “It was an on and off relationship she had with her partner. She accepts that they did cohabit for periods. It was not particularly stable. "The relationship was often breaking down; he would leave and then he would come back into the family fold. She accepts he made some financial contributions to her which she should have disclosed. She had some financial difficulties but accepts culpability and has made prompt guilty pleas. “She has paid the balance of £20,467 of the Housing Benefit and in terms of the rest she has paid £3,434. "There are powerful and persuasive reasons why any custodial sentence could be suspended in terms of the care required for her youngest son which would be in dire jeopardy if she is sentenced to prison today." READ MORE: Update in Nicola Bulley search as 'stained' glove handed in  Deputy District Judge Jane Hamilton sentenced Lawner to a suspended 12-month prison sentence. She also ordered that Lawner undertake 120 hours of unpaid work and pay £220 in costs and victim surcharge. Judge Hamilton said: “£71,000 plus has been taken from our pockets and the taxpayer. "Everybody sat in this room paid towards their taxes in order that people who are unemployed can get benefits and £71,000 has been taken from them. "I appreciate that you have paid some back but I see the reason you got into debt is not because of any necessary outgoings. DON'T MISSMarried woman accused of decapitating lover attacks lawyer in court [REPORT]Mum who looks ‘15 years younger’ than her age share tips  [PICTURED]Sussexes to have 'fair trial' as 'Americans don't care' about them [ANALYSIS]  The judge added: “It was for your credit cards, buying things perhaps to help you feel better but not for things that were necessities. "The offence is so serious that it does cross the custody threshold but I am willing to suspend that and that is really because of your youngest child and his disabilities, the care that he needs and that your accommodation has been adapted for his needs and he will probably need surgery in a short time. “It is only because of him that you do not go into custody immediately.” At the conclusion of the hearing the judge asked her if she knew how “lucky” she was not to be sent to prison. Lawner replied: "I am extremely lucky. Thank you very much." 