In an otherwise assured performance there was a slight hesitation when Morgan talked about Boris Johnson's comeback tour in the US this week - which followed a portrait unveiling and legs at COP27, Davos and with President Zelensky in Ukraine. The obvious moment of awkwardness refects an irritation Downing Street and Tory MP allies of the Prime Minister feel about a man who seems intent on positioning himself to be the beneficiary of a potential coup. The ambush has been laid but the problem is that everybody in Westminster knows where and when it will happen and it is fair to say that Team Rishi is ready. The local elections in May have been marked by a number of Tory MPs as the make or break point of Sunak's premiership. If the results are horrendous the polls have barely moved then "Boris Back" Tory MPs will pounce. This week even Liz Truss, who suffered the most humiliating exit and brief tenure of any Prime Minister since they played cards for the job in the House of Lords back in the 18th century, has managed to go on manouevres against her successor with Conservatives for Growth. They are apparently allied to the man who went on US television to berate Mr Sunak for being too soft on the war against Russia by not agreeing to send fighter jets to Ukraine. But in his opponents supporters of Mr Sunak have found their strength. "Of course we will do badly in the local elections," one senior Tory backbencher who supports Sunak told Express.co.uk. "But this will be the first chance the electorate have had to punish us for Boris and Partygate and Liz crashing the economy." Several other MPs repeated the same mantra, almost word for word which always suggests a prepared briefing shared on a Whatsapp group. The "Blame Boris and Liz" defence is up and running and will be the line on broadcast interviews when the voters deliver a dismal result. Another Sunak supporting MP wnent on the other line of attack which is the concrn over Mr Johnson's personal morals - another line which will become louder as May day gets closer. The MP said: "I suspect there are two main reasons Boris doing [hims comeback tour]. "First is to try and detract attention from this business of the £800,000 loan which should be a reminder to any colleague who hasn't had a lobotomy since July of what we can expect should he return. Second is I think to put in the ground work to keep his options open should the chance for a comeback present itself." There is also a briefing that Boris Johnson is running to rural Oxfordshire, near to a couple of safe seats, ito escape his suddenly distinctly unsafe seat of South Ruislip. READ MORE: Sunak's Tories heading for crushing defeat after first 100 days But even with preparation it is fair to say that Team Sunak are even more nervous than his moment of hesitation with Piers Morgan suggested. One former minister who knows sunak and his inner team well said: "They are deeply insecure. That's why they will not try to bring any of Boris' allies into the fold. "They're a bunch of backstabbers and wannabes who just are not up to it."  One noticeable thing this week is that Mr Sunak still has not appointed a new party chairman days after sacking a furious Nadhim Zahawi after he had been forced to cough up £4.8 million to HMRC in unpaid taxes and penalty fines. DON'T MISS Sunak is King of Commons sparring ring as Starmer knocks himself out [INSIGHT] Tory MPs demand action to stop Strasbourg court raiding Lottery fund [REVEAL] POLL – Have the Tories made a ‘terrible mess’ of Brexit? [REACT] One veteran MP summed it up as being "unheard of" for a senior cabinet position not to be replaced within 24 hours. Yet there is no sign of a replacement for Zahawi and a surprising lack of names for possible successors. One suggestion to the PM has been to bring in a Boris ally Priti Patel who is currently fronting a Tory membership revolution with the Conservative Democratic Oirganisation furious that leaders elected by members have been deposed by MPs and Mr Sunak was installed without so much as their say so. Ms Patel could help link the warring factions but would be an uncomfortable choice for many around Mr Sunak, including the Prime Minsiter himself.  But in the end it is the lack of ambition with five "vacuous five pledges" - as several MPs put it- and visibility which is concerning MPs. Another Boris Johnson ally Nadine Dorries called him "the submarine Prime Minister." And the proof of the pudding for them is in the polling with tonight's Techne UK tracker poll still giving Labour a 21 point lead on course to a record victory and a new low in defeats for the Tories. Back to the local election test, one MP said: "In May he [Sunak] will have had nine months. That is more than enough time to start to turn things around if he hasn't by then we need to make a choice." With the betting on an autumn election next year it gives the Conservatives just over a year to sort it out. Mr Sunak admitted to Morgan in tonight's interview that "things were a mess" when he took over. They are not much better after 100 days.  Mr Sunak seemed to be aware of that tonight pointing out that as a Southampton supporter he is used to last game of the season wins to stay up in the top league including "the miracle year" when they did it on goal difference. If the Prime Minister does not get replaced as the team manager in the coming months he may need one of those miracles to pull off what seems an impossible win against Labour.