Vera has returned with series 12 of the ITV drama and so far has seen DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) solve a string of mysterious murders. Mark Edwards (Riley Jones) and Jac Williams (Ibinabo Jack) have also been on hand as they helped the duo with their latest cases. The actor who plays Mark Edwards often watches the episodes as they air while giving commentary on Twitter. He also interacts with fans, quizzing them on whether they have guessed the killer. However, Riley informed his followers he was unable to watch the latest instalment when it aired on Sunday. In a post shared on Twitter, he paid a tribute to his co-stars. READ MORE: Emmerdale double exit as Sarah Sugden dies after exposing lie He wrote: Thanks for all the kind words on tonight’s ep of #Vera. "Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to watch along live tonight so will have to catch up through the week. "Glad you lot enjoyed it! As always congrats to all involved, such an amazing team to be a part of." Riley's followers were quick to reply, with many praising his acting skills. Christian Greenway replied: "You was boss as always, mate! Brilliant episode." (sic) Evan Parsons said: "I love your entire cast, Brenda of course, and your alter ego Mark is terrific too. "Quality writing and production too, love all the scenes of Northern England." While Anne-Marie added: "It was an incredible story this week. Well done to you all." DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson calls for government to double price of food [INSIGHT]GB News presenter Mark Steyn quits after Ofcom row  [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow guest makes history after valuation of Olympic sign [VIDEO] "I loved this episode! The best ever. Kept us guessing and so caring and sensitive at the end. Well done all," @Connectthewrite tweeted. Amz said: "Definitely the best part about a Sunday evening! And tonight’s case….I definitely didn’t solve." Sunday's episode saw Vera and the team solving the murder of a homeless man. Viewers were also introduced to the new pathologist who replaced Malcolm Donahue (Paul Kaye). However, Paula Bennett's (Sarah Kameela Impey) arrival certainly ruffled DCI Stanhope's feathers. Viewers were also left divided by the newcomer, with many expressing their thoughts on social media. While many praised Paula for her feistiness, others pleaded with show bosses to "bring back Malcolm!" Vera returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.