But this grotesque caricature ignored the scale of Osborne’s achievements. In defiance of the vicious propaganda, he rebuilt the public finances, slashed the fiscal deficit, boosted job creation, promoted enterprise and cut business taxes. Underpinning this success was his tough programme of welfare reform, which aimed to break the destructive cycle of welfare dependency and encourage benefits claimants back into work. The Left predicted that there would be riots. In practice the labour market was galvanised and unemployment plunged. Osborne’s emphasis on “the strivers, not the skivers” struck a chord with the public. It was one of the key reasons that the Tories unexpectedly won an overall majority at the 2015 General Election. Osborne never received the credit he deserved but the Government could do with some of his spirit now. For the culture of dependency has dramatically returned to Britain, undermining economic growth and worsening staff shortages despite the cost-of-living crisis. In too many parts of the country, joblessness has become a comfortable lifestyle choice, partly fuelled by subsidies for long-term sickness. In a recent interview, Lee Anderson, the controversial Tory MP and former coal miner who was this month appointed the party’s deputy chairman, declared that some people “quite frankly don’t want to go to work”. Recalling his time based at the Citizens Advice Bureau, he added that he would see such types “feigning illness on a daily basis”. They would come in “on two sticks or could hardly walk and then on Friday I’d see them downtown on the dance floor at the disco.”  Anderson’s utterances invariably provoke outrage, yet his claims are borne out by statistics. There are now around nine million adults of working age who are economically inactive, with 5.3 million of them living on benefits. And the problem is becoming worse. Over the last three years, the number of people signed off for long-term sickness has shot up from 1.95 million to 2.32 million. At a time when there are well over one million vacancies in the economy and employers complain about staff shortages, this mass withdrawal from the labour market is a tragic waste of talent, as well as a colossal burden on the taxpayer. That is why the Government is right to focus on tackling the spread of economic inactivity, for no society can be truly prosperous when so many of its citizens are left on the scrapheap. According to reports yesterday, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt plans to make this issue the central theme of his Budget next month. As part of this drive to promote employment, doctors will be urged to move away from dishing out sick notes. Instead, they will be encouraged “to focus on ways that people with long-term illnesses can continue to work with support”. But a change in GP procedures, however welcome, is not enough. The Government will also have to get tough on welfare, which at present provides too many perverse incentives to avoiding work.   One recent study found that someone employed two days a week and earning £658 a month in wages could, by maximising their benefit claims, enjoy an income of £45,000 a year. So sanctions and even the withdrawal of benefits for the habitually workshy will have to be considered, as will tighter checks to stop abuses and fraud, which last year cost £9billion. Inevitably any crackdown will be painted as Tory inhumanity, as happened with Osborne. But there is nothing compassionate about bankrolling idleness. As Stephen Evans of the Learning and Work Institute said this week, “good quality work can be good for your health and wellbeing and being out of work can be harmful”. High levels of inactivity are also bad for business and for Government revenues. Indeed, the present cost of the welfare system – which this year will come to £253billion, up from £177billion only five years ago – is completely unsustainable. Since 2020, claims for tax credits have gone up 27 percent, while a survey from think tank Civitas revealed that the majority of British people live in households that receive more from the state than they put in. In the face of ferocious opposition to welfare changes, the Government needs to show real courage. For the nation’s sake, it is a fight that must be engaged. 