If you own a PS4 or PS5 and want some new games, then you might want to pay a visit to Tesco. The UK retailer has slashed the price of various PlayStation games, including huge first-party releases like God of War Ragnarok and Horizon Forbidden West. Available in store and only while stocks last, Horizon Forbidden West is reduced to just £14.75, while God of War Ragnarok is down to £15.75. As spotted by VGC, the discounts don't end there. Watch Dogs Legion is reduced to just £4, while Deathloop and Call of Duty Vanguard are available for £5 each. Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales is down to £10.25, FIFA 23 costs £15.50, Ratchet and Clank: A Rift Apart is selling for £29.50, and the PS5 version of Gran Turismo 7 is £30. Fans of FromSoftware's brutal action RPGs are also in for a treat, with Elden Ring reduced to £25 and Demon's Souls slashed to £28. PS4 versions of select games are also included in the sale, such as Gran Turismo 7 for £20 and Horizon Forbidden West for £12.50. Finally, Ubisoft's epic open-world shooter Far Cry 6 is reduced to the slightly lower price of £32. Stock will vary by store, so it's worth calling ahead or checking the Tesco app for availability. My local store had a couple of the games in stock at the time of writing, but they're not likely to last very long. Good luck! At just over £15, God of War Ragnarok is arguably the pick of the bunch, especially considering its release date. Launching at the tail-end of last year, the game sees Kratos and his son embark on another perilous journey. "Join Kratos and Atreus on a mythic journey for answers before Ragnarök arrives," reads the official description. "Together, father and son must put everything on the line as they journey to each of the Nine Realms. "Throughout stunning mythological landscapes, they’ll face fearsome enemies – from Norse gods to wild beasts – as they prepare for the showdown of their lives. "Armed with his trusty weapons of war – including the Leviathan Axe and the Blades of Chaos – Kratos’ deadly skills will be tested like never before as he fights to protect his family. "A host of new abilities for him and Atreus also await, leaving room for fluid, expressive and customisable combat in this epic and unflinching tale."