Last week it was announced two of Paddy McGuinness' four BBC shows had been cancelled. I Can See Your Voice and Catchpoint were given the chop, but he remains the host of Top Gear and Question of Sport. However, the cancellations won’t leave him with an abundance of free time as he has reportedly picked up another presenting role hosting a brand new big budget game show, Tempting Fortune, for Channel 4. Paddy began his TV career on the channel in 2001 when he played Paddy O'Shea in hit comedy series Phoenix Nights alongside good friend Peter Kay. The pair also starred in the show's spin-off Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere in 2004. In recent years he has become a regular face on screens after building up a huge presenting portfolio. Shows he has hosted include Mad, Mad, World, Hotel GB, Your Face Sounds Familiar and popular dating show Take Me Out. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert distracted by item not for valuation His new Channel 4 show is based in South Africa and sees 12 strangers stranded in the wilderness having been forced to give up their luxuries in a bid to win £300,000. They will endure an 18-day trek across the country but are forbidden from availing of any short cuts or comforts. In the huge test of character they must resist any temptations such as comfy beds, taxis and eateries. Anyone who succumbs to the desires will pay a high price and money will be deducted from the prize pot.  A show source told The Sun: "Tempting Fortune really is good fortune for Paddy. "It’s a glossy, big-budget show with human relationships at its heart and a quirky twist - the sort of television Channel 4 does so well and everyone is excited about Paddy fronting it. He remains hugely popular with viewers. "Will the contestants be able to sustain from temptation for a taxi to the next stop, a massage and hot shower, or a five-star bed for the night? “And if the stranded strangers do surrender to temptation will they come clean with their teammates?"  DON'T MISS: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after errorOutlander fans fume over 'forgotten' Briana Fraser storyline  BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness Interestingly, filming for the series seems to have taken place before the cancellation of his other shows was announced. Last August Paddy detailed a trip to South Africa on his Instagram. Updating his two million followers he posted photo dumps and videos of the stunning locations he visited and wildlife he encountered. He wrote: "Had an amazing few days in South Africa. Working on something really exciting but what a treat to see some wildlife out there. Giraffes, Monkeys, Hippos and these couple of chancers living their best life on the beach!" This came just two months after he and wife Christine revealed they were separating after 11 years of marriage. Their announcement came just hours after they shared pictures from a last-minute family holiday to Centre Parcs. The couple share three young children - eight-year-old twins Leo and Penelope, and five-year-old Felicity - and still live as a family in their Cheshire home. In their official statement, they said: "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus as always is to continue loving and supporting our children.”  A Question of Sport is on BBC One on Fridays at 7.30pm. 