Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's South Park parody proves "liberal America" is fed up with the Sussexes, a royal expert has claimed. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer made the point during an appearance on Royal Round Up with Pandora Forsyth.  He said: "I do think it does show that liberal America is turning against them and is fed up with their moaning really, I suppose to put it bluntly." Mr Palmer added: "Make no mistake, I think one of Harry's biggest faults actually is that he does pay an overly amount of attention to what is written about him and his wife and that has always been the case. "I can remember being on a tour to the US with him ... [and] we went to Colorado and he went to see the Warrior Games, which gave him the idea for the Invictus Games, and it was a really interesting tour but he did say at one point that he'd been looking at a story in Heat magazine that actually, I think, one of his biggest fans might have been writing for Heat magazine at the time, and we were all wondering why are you worrying what's being said in these gossip magazines?" Palmer's comments come after South Park featured a fictional red-headed Prince of Canada and his Princess wife. JUST IN: Megyn Kelly says Harry and Meghan 'jumped shark' and 'won't recover' from South Park rip The couple move to a small town in search of privacy while simultaneously constantly drawing attention to themselves. The episode aired just weeks after Prince Harry sat down for several interviews ahead of the release of his memoir Spare. The Sussexes also released a six-part docuseries in December on the streaming service website Netflix. However, Mr Palmer's claim about "liberal America" turning against the couple appears to have been emulated in recent opinion polls. READ MORE: Queen Camilla sees boost to popularity despite recent spate of vicious trolling  A Redfield and Wilton opinion poll from 2,000 eligible US voters on January 16 gave the Duke a net approval rating of minus seven percent. A previous poll from December 5 had Harry registering a positive net rating of 38 percent. Meghan's approval also collapsed from 23 percent to -13 percent. Despite a dip in the opinion polls, Harry and Meghan remain well-connected with those around Montecito. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] The couple were spotted celebrating the surprise vow renewal of close friends and neighbours Ellen DeGeneres and Portia De Rossi. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were seen whooping and cheering after Kris Jenner officiated the renewals. 