A university student says she "felt like a hostage" as her campus was put into lockdown during an active shooter situation. Isabella Martin described the fear of not knowing whether her friends were safe while a killer roamed the campus at Michigan State University, killing three and leaving five injured.   "I felt like a hostage in my own home: looking out the window, ducking, turning off the lights, scared when a car drove by because the campus was on lockdown. There's no words to describe the feelings that I and my friends felt tonight. Nobody should ever feel this way or be in a situation like this," she said in a video posted to Twitter. The campus was put into lockdown as the shooter roamed for around four hours. Students sheltered in place in the dark while phone batteries ran low, limiting information. Ms Martin described police coming into her friend's classroom telling students to "hide and run". She began to believe her friend had been hurt as communication was cut off. She continued: "One of my friends was taking an exam and the police marched in the room and said to her and her fellow classmates that they needed to hide and run because there was an active shooter. "She ran and she was without her phone, her computer, her personal items for hours. The fear that myself and my roommates felt in that moment - indescribable. "We felt that our friend was hurt or injured. We didn't know if she was alive even. It wasn't until she got one of her classmates phones and contacted us through social media that we knew she was OK. When is enough enough. This situation should never have happened today."    Following an hours-long manhunt, the man was found dead apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. By 10.15pm, police said Berkey, as well as nearby residence halls, were secured. Before the gunman was found dead, WDIV-TV meteorologist Kim Adams, whose daughter attends Michigan State, told viewers that students were worn down by the saga. "They’ve been hiding, all the lights off in a dark room,” Adams said. “Their cell phones are starting to lose battery charge. They don’t all have chargers with them and losing contact with the outside world is terrifying on a normal day for college kids, let alone when there’s someone out there that they haven’t caught yet." Video showed dozens of students rushing out of a building - some with their hands raised - while heavily armed officers in black body armour rushed to secure the area in their search for the shooter. Hundreds of officers had scoured the East Lansing campus, about 90 miles (145 kilometres) northwest of Detroit, for the suspect, whom police described as a short black man with red shoes, a jean jacket and ball cap. He was later found dead off campus from a "self-inflicted gunshot wound," said Chris Rozman, interim deputy chief of the campus police department. "This truly has been a nightmare we’re living tonight," Rozman added. READ MORE: China says US flew spy balloons over its airspace more than 10 times   He added two people were killed at Berkey and another was killed at the MSU Union, while five people were in critical condition at Sparrow Hospital. Ted Zimbo said he was walking to his residence hall when he encountered a woman with a "ton of blood on her". "She told me, 'Someone came in our classroom and started shooting,'" Zimbo told The Associated Press. "Her hands were completely covered in blood. It was on her pants and her shoes. She said, 'It’s my friend’s blood.'" Zimbo said the woman left to find a friend’s car while he returned to his SUV in a parking deck and threw a blanket over himself to hide for three hours. Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer released a statement early Tuesday morning in which she called mass shootings a "uniquely American problem". She said: "Our Spartan community and Michiganders across the state are devastated. "MSU’s campus is a special place for so many, and it is now the site of another senseless act of gun violence. Parents across Michigan were on pins and needles calling their kids to check in on them and tell them they love them. It doesn’t have to be this way. "Certain places are supposed to be about community, learning, or joy - elementary schools and college campuses, movie theatres and dance halls, grocery stores and workplaces. They should not be the sites of bloodshed. DON'T MISS:US airspace incursions show threat is 'changing for the worse' [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's 'celebrity status' could influence outcome of trial [ANALYSIS]Americans in Russia could be forced to fight in Ukraine war [REPORT]    "This is a uniquely American problem. Too many of us scan rooms for exits when we enter them. We plan who that last text or call would go to. We should not, we cannot, accept living like this. She thanked first responders and medical professionals for their work saving lives. "Spartans will cry and hold each other a little closer. We will mourn the loss of beautiful souls and pray for those fighting for their lives in the hospital," she added. The shooting at Michigan State is the latest in what has become a deadly new year in the US. Dozens of people have died in mass shootings so far in 2023, most notably in California where 11 were killed as they welcomed the Lunar New Year at a dance hall popular with older Asian Americans. In 2022, there were more than 600 mass shootings in the US in which at least four people were killed or injured, according to the Gun Violence Archive.  