A brand new season of The Masked Singer has officially begun, and fans are already starting to submit their guesses for the three remaining performers introduced in this week’s opener. After Fox viewers were treated to a special appearance by Dick Van Dyke as Gnome, the identity of this season’s first winner, Medusa, may have already been revealed. Fans of The Masked Singer are convinced Medusa is none other than Black Eyed Peas singer Stacy Ann Ferguson, aka Fergie. For this week’s season premiere, the mythic contestant charmed the judges with a performance of Happier Than Ever by Billie Eilish and was crowned the first winner of the season. Van Dyke was unveiled as Gnome, while Sara Evans was eliminated as Mustang after her performance of Diamonds by Rihanna failed to impress against Medusa in the Battle Royale. After just one episode of the season so far, fans took to social media with some strong theories about the current favourite. READ MORE: BBC cancels two major shows in blow to Paddy McGuinness Some huge clues in her introduction have narrowed down the options and viewers are almost certain Fergie will eventually be unmasked. On Reddit, u/THISISDAM commented after the episode: “Medusa is 100% Fergie. “Buckingham palace, Duchess of York’s nickname is Fergie… Super Bowl performance with Black Eyed Peas.” The appearance of Buckingham Palace is believed to be a reference to Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson, who is also nicknamed Fergie. The singer also confirmed, “From the Super Bowl to this very stage — that's right, I've been here before”, and claimed, “early on, I was born to stand out”. u/Sly4Good added: “Yeah I'm vibing with Fergie, it explains the Buckingham Palace clue (The Duchess of York is nicknamed Fergie), the Bishop clue (ties into Duchess and Double Duchess). “Works with the ‘I've been on the show before’ clue (Lion season one sang A Little Party Never Killed Nobody). “And the ‘I was born to be a star’ clues works with the fact she was a child actress.” DON'T MISS:Tough Love Atlanta star teases ‘redemption’ in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE]Bridgerton trailer exposes Charlotte and George’s tragic romance [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [LATEST] u/Nraveles11 posted: “Someone said Fergie and it actually makes sense?? The voice does sound like her, some of the clues really do make sense.” Other fans also pointed out Medusa was rather shorter than her fellow contestants, and Fergie stands at around 5’3”. Over on Twitter, @spacegirlmandy wrote: “It has to be Fergie because past contestants have sung her songs before!” @JoshMarino420 said: “Medusa is definitely Fergie. I hear it now.” And @ItsKrisRose said: “Give it up, @fergie. We know that’s you behind the Medusa mask.” Although some viewers weren’t quite convinced, hundreds of other social media users have also been getting their predictions in early. While the Fergie theory is clearly the most popular amongst the audience, the judges’ guesses for Medusa included Ellie Goulding, Meghan Markle and Lorde. The Masked Singer season 9 continues Wednesdays on Fox in the USA.