Last year, Buckingham Palace welcomes 121,000 paying visitors. The King's administrative headquarters is one of the most popular sites for tourism in the United Kingdom, but US tourists have slammed the royal residence. Scathing reviews have been left on sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp, where travellers from the United States left unbridled one-star reviews. Some dubbed the palace "uninteresting" while others called it "boring". Ann C from Bay Shore, New York found that the Buckingham Palace tour was short, and slammed the Royal Family for "hoarding paintings". She said: "We went on a group experience to Buckingham Palace and arrived super early. "Checking in was fast, but when going into the palace I was shocked to find that it was so short and uninteresting. All that the palace shows you is how the elitist lived their lives with going to parties, and hoarding paintings. The place was all so godly which was tacky in my eyes. "Overall the experience was lame. It's not worth spending your money on this palace, they don't even allow you to take photos of the place. Save your pounds. Don't spend money in their gift shop it's full of expensive coat of arms representing the palace luxuries." READ MORE: Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant who says sinks are 'not hygienic' Crow F from Northwest Washington said she would have left a one-star review if she hadn't been writing the review shortly after the Queen's death. She said: "I would have given this place one star but I feel bad for your recent loss." Crow found the people at the palace "weird" and didn't enjoy the food. She wrote: "The people here were all weird and didn't talk good." She went on: "On top of all of that, I was at a VERY (or so they say) nice restaurant and ordered a fish and chips. Instead of chips they gave me french fries. When I told the waiter to give me chips because that's what I asked for they gave me more fries and that was my breaking point." Jim B from Buffalo, New York, said: "The truth behind it all is that Buckingham Palace is well, boring. Some say it's the most recognizable building in the world, but I think it's rather dull." A number of tourists from the US were disappointed by The Changing of the Guard ceremony. Ester L from Los Angeles, California, said: "What a total bust. Even during winter time, it was crowded and the change of guard took FOREVER. I thought it was a waste of time but I guess if you've never seen it before it's worth seeing once." DON'T MISS'For the entirety of the flight she muttered profanities at me' [REAL LIFE] Plane passenger posts furious battle with woman opening his window [VIRAL] Mexico holiday horror story: 'I was held at gunpoint' [TRAVEL] Becky M from Rescue, California, said: "This was probably the biggest tourist trap letdown ever. I was so excited for The Changing of the Guards. "It was supposed to start at 11:30 am. We got there at 11:00 am. Huge mistake. Massive tourist takeover. Can't escape. "Unless you get to the palace at like 9am and get a spot right in front of the gates you can't see anything. You can't get any pictures. And you really won't understand what the heck is going on." Pete F from Orange Country, California, wrote: "Changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace - I'm thinking it's a tradition that's been performed, rain or shine, for hundreds of years. I'm also expecting it to be solemn, pinpoint precision, and rich in pageantry. "So it was almost a complete whiff for me. Little did I know I would be waiting over an hour to watch what I would compare to a mediocre halftime college football marching band performance. " Jason G from New York said: "I came for the changing of the guards. They didn't do it because of a little bit of rain. Come on, it's London, and it's one of your most cherished traditions. What a joke!"