The moment a nurse ran over her ex-boyfriend in a rugby club car park after a drunken row has been captured in alarming CCTV footage. Rebecca Thomas hit David Robinson with her car and then drove away. During the argument, which was in the same car, the defendant, 37, "grabbed him (Mr Robinson), punched him, and pulled off his neck chain”. A court heard Mr Robinson, 45, who "had never seen the defendant as drunk as she was on that day", was rushed to hospital for treatment for neck and arm injuries, a black eye and bruising suffered in the crash. Brian Simpson, prosecuting, showed CCTV footage to the court, which was recovered from the rugby club in Swansea, south Wales. One angle shows the car and what appears to be a scuffle taking place inside it before both the complainant and the defendant get out of the vehicle. Another angle shows a much clearer view of what happened after they had exited the vehicle, reports Wales Online. Thomas gets back into the car, this time the driver’s seat, while Mr Robinson walks away from the rugby club towards the car park entrance. The car, being driven by Thomas, is then seen entering the screen from the right and veering into Mr Robinson before being driven away. The CCTV footage clearly shows Mr Robinson being struck by the car and being flipped onto the bonnet before he falls and is left lying on the ground.  Thomas, a nurse by profession, had previously admitted charges of battery, assault occasioning actual bodily harm, and dangerous driving. She was handed a six-month prison sentence suspended for a period of two years at Swansea Crown Court. Thomas will also have to pay a surcharge of £154 within a 12-week period and she must complete a mental health treatment requirement for a period of 12 months and a 30-hour rehabilitation activity requirement. She was also disqualified from driving for 12 months and will only be able to drive again after passing an extended driving test. Judge Geraint Walters said the crimes were serious enough to pass the threshold for a custodial sentence. Addressing Thomas, the judge added: "You were both heavily under the influence. This incident would not have happened if it was not for that. The reality is having been together that day the red mist descended on you. There was an altercation between you. When he walks off you drive away and you veer the car into him.” Robin Rouch, defending, said Thomas, of Swansea, had no previous convictions or cautions on her record and is "highly valued".