Arsenal have vowed to work with Brentford to punish those who sent racist abuse to striker Ivan Toney this weekend, following the match between the two teams. Toney scored the equalising goal at the Emirates Stadium against the league leaders during their 1-1 draw on Saturday afternoon, following Leandro Trossard’s opener. Though the gloss was taken off of the result after the 26-year-old was subject to a 'barrage' of abusive messages on Instagram after the match. Following a statement from Brentford, Arsenal have vowed to assist their Premier League rivals to punish those guilty of sending the racist messages to Toney. Their statement read: “We stand with Ivan Toney and are working with Brentford to identify those who sent racist abuse. “At Arsenal we condemn all forms of discrimination and take a zero tolerance approach. We will apply the strongest possible action to anyone we can identify sending hateful messages.” Toney has been the subject of racist abuse previously, as Brentford commented on in their statement, which said: “Immediately after Brentford’s game against Arsenal, Ivan Toney received a barrage of abusive, racist direct messages via his Instagram account. We are disgusted and saddened that Ivan has had to deal with this yet again. We will not tolerate it and we will do everything we can to pursue the individuals involved. “Ivan was subject to similar abuse in October last year, and the perpetrator is now facing the consequences in court. How many times does this need to happen? We call on football fans everywhere to relish the competition and rivalry that exists between us, but to respect and embrace our differences and celebrate the diversity that exists throughout the Premier League. There is no room for racism.” The Premier League responded to Brentford's statement on Twitter, tweeting: “No one should have to face abuse of the kind received by Ivan Toney. It has no place in football or society. We are supporting Ivan and the club with investigations. The Premier League condemns all forms of discrimination. Football is for everyone #NoRoomForRacism". Toney’s goal against Arsenal was a major talking point this weekend, with footage showing that VAR should have been ruled out, with Christian Norgaard in an offside position when he played the ball across the face of the goal for his teammate to nod home. It has since emerged that video referee Lee Mason forgot to draw offside lines, forcing PMGOL to apologise to the Gunners for the ‘human error’.