It has now been a staggering 10 years since the hit animated science fiction sitcom, Futurama, provided fans with new episodes on Comedy Central. But the wait is now over, as Lauren Tom, who is the voice of the character Amy, confirmed she “can’t wait” for fans to watch the new episodes of Futurama that are set to be released in the summer of 2023.  Cartoonist Matt Groening, who’s become known for his warped humour, is the creator of Futurama and thanks to him there's a set of fresh new episodes on the horizon. The executive producer has worked on many successful and iconic shows, one being The Simpsons, where he famously named the main Simpson characters after members of his own family. Although Futurama never achieved the same ratings as The Simpsons, the sitcom still generated its own flock of devoted fans. The show’s success allowed it to run for four seasons on Fox and for three more seasons on Comedy Central. READ MORE: The Good Fight's Carrie Preston 'insanely excited' over CBS spin-off  Rumours of there being a possible Futurama reboot started circulating in 2020 when cast members began discussing how they were eager to return to the show. This speculation never came to fruition, especially after tensions appeared to be rising between cast member, John DiMaggio (Bender) and producers, this became known as #Bendergate. In light of the ongoing saga, viewers were worried that the fan favourite wasn't going to return to Futurama but he posted a statement to confirm his return on Twitter. He tweeted: "I'M BACK, BABY! So damn grateful for the love and support of fans and colleagues alike during this whole time, I cannot wait to get back to work with my Futurama family."  Co-star Tom (Amy), also used the Twitter platform to deliver fans the good news they had been waiting for. Replying to a fan’s tweet last week, the actress said: “The new episodes should be released sometime this summer! Can’t wait for you to see them #futurama.” Fans were quick to express their excitement with one @Jayage17 tweeting: “Thank you soo much, I’ve been waiting for this forever.” Another @sarebstare said: “That is really good news, everyone! Thanks, Lauren!” and a third @ChrisBr6511 said: “Fun summer indeed.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan ‘doesn’t blame’ Dr Proctor for fiery row Bling Empire New York's Dorothy Wang shares romance update Below Deck's Camille supported by 'best friend' crew mate after firing Little has been discussed about what Fry, Bender, Leela and the gang will get up to when Futurama finally returns. But episode titles were leaked in late 2022, and it seems the show is set to explore some controversial topics in true Futurama style. Some of the title names that have been released are: “The Impossible Stream”, “Rage Against The Vaccine”, “Zapp Gets Cancelled”, “The Prince and The Product” and “Related To Items You’ve Viewed”. The show has been known to refer to political satire but has never actually been associated with politics in the same way as other shows like South Park have.  The only guest set to be confirmed so far is Coolio Ho, who was revealed to have recorded dialogue for the long-running character Kwanzaa-bot before passing away in 2022. Bender and company are set to bring viewers new entertainment in the coming summer months, thanks to Hulu. Futurama is set to return to the UK on Disney+ in the summer. 