The United States is set to conduct a thorough assessment of the debris of the suspected Chinese spy balloon to "collect intel" into Beijing's surveillance methods. The balloon was shot down on Saturday and recovery teams, including explosive specialists, have been deployed to the South Carolina coast to collect the remnants and to assess whether the aircraft contained any explosives. North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) chief General Glen VanHerck hit out at criticism about the delay in shooting the balloon, insisting the time frame was "well worth" the wait. He appeared to suggest the debris, which will be moved to the FBI's lab in Quantico, will be used to analyse and expand US knowledge of Chinese surveillance tech and methodology. VanHerck said: "There was a potential opportunity for us to collect intel where we had gaps on prior balloons. "You’ll see in the future that that time frame was well worth its value to collect.” A top defence official in Washington told reporters they expect the balloon's debris to have a series of benefits for US defence. JUST IN: Xi Jinping shoots himself in foot as China spy balloon destroys Beijing's own strategy They said: "We don't know exactly all the benefits that will derive. But we have learned technical things about this balloon and its surveillance capabilities. "And I suspect if we are successful in recovering aspects of the debris, we will learn even more." VanHerck told a press conference on Monday the recovery team will also investigate whether the suspected spy balloon carried explosives. He said: "I can’t confirm whether it had explosives or not. Anytime you down something like this, we make an assumption that that potential exists.” READ MORE: US economy to ‘worsen’ the longer debt crisis stand off rages on as 'drop dead' day looms He added: "The balloon assessment was up to 200ft tall for the actual balloon. Of the payload itself, I would categorise that as a jet airliner type of size, maybe a regional jet. "It probably weighed in excess of a couple of thousand pounds. From a safety standpoint, picture yourself with large debris weighing hundreds if not thousands of pounds falling out of the sky.” The suspected spy balloon had a structure reminiscent of the incendiary balloon weapons Japan used to target the continental United States in retaliation for the Tokyo Raid of 1942. Air Force veteran Robert Mikesh wrote in a 1973 report the Japan-made bomb balloons had reached as far as Michigan but public knowledge of the risks was kept on the down low to avoid general panic. Mikesh wrote: "They were found over an area from Attu in the Aleutians, as far east as Michigan, and reaching southward to Mexico DON'T MISSUS evacuation ordered after train derailment explosion [LATEST]Harry and Meghan will never 'come close' to royal wealth [REPORT]China signalling 'we can do what we want' as US falls behind [INSIGHT] He noted that the biggest risk posed by the bombs was that of sparking large-scale forest fires but admitted the balloons still fuelled concerns among the wider population because of the lack of information. Mikesh added: "Hardly more was attained than a psychological effort against the United States resulting in rumors and uncertainty even though it was assumed that not more than ten percent ever reached the United States and Canada.” China has however denied any accusation of spying and instead accused the United States of escalating tensions by shooting down what they claimed to have been a civilian balloon. A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Defence said: "We solemnly protest this move by the US side and reserve the right to take necessary measures to deal with similar situations." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews