  I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star Brian Paddick, 64, took to Twitter to announce the tragic death of his husband Petter Belsvik. The Liberal Democrat peer was left in shock after discovering his husband had suddenly died.     Brian revealed that Petter was found dead "peacefully alone" at their home in Oslo, Norway. Sharing the devastating news with his 14,300 followers this morning, the former London mayor candidate wrote of his heartbreak. He also said a cause of death for his husband was not “immediately apparent” and that it would “take some time to establish what happened.” “My beautiful, loving husband, Petter Belsvik, has died suddenly at our home in Oslo,” he penned.    “He was found peacefully alone, with no cause of death immediately apparent. “It will take some time to establish what happened,” he added. “We were devoted to each other and I am devastated.” As well as being a Liberal Democrat peer, Brian was also the Deputy Assistant Commissioner in London's Metropolitan Police Service until his retirement in 2007.       Brian’s followers took to the comments section to send messages of support. Emily Maitlis wrote: “Dear Brian - utterly heartbreaking. So so sorry to read this.” Shelagh Fogarty penned: “Brian I’m so sorry to hear this. Sending love and sympathy.” “Sending love,” added Labour MP Jess Phillips. READ MORE... Dan Walker explains why he didn't use cycle lane after accident [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' [NEWS] Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash [NEWS]     Lord Bethell commented: “How horrible! I am so sorry. Lots of prayers and good vibes to you.” Kay Burley added: “My dear Brian, this is truly tragic news. All my thoughts are with you.  Stay strong xxx.” (sic) While Peter Tatchell wrote: “Sincere condolences dear Brian. I am so sad to hear this. “My heart and thoughts are with you. Love and affection, Peter Tatchell.”      Loose Women’s Charlene White wrote: “Oh my goodness Brian, I’m so so sorry … sending you and the family my love xx.” (sic) Brian was a contestant on the eighth series of ITV reality show I’m A Celebrity back in 2008. He became the sixth celebrity to be voted off the show and later participated in Channel 4's alternative election night special of Come Dine with Me alongside Edwina Currie in 2010. He married late husband Petter in 2009 in Norway, five years before same-sex marriage was legalised in England and Wales.   