Trevor Noah, 38, returned to host the 65th Grammy Awards ceremony this evening in Los Angeles and made sure his opening monologue was one to remember. The comedian made a joke about the "Chinese spy balloon" during his opening monologue, while also calling out the many stars in the audience, including Harry Styles. The former star of The Daily Show took to the centre of the stage after the opening performance from Bad Bunny. Trevor then used his speech to talk about his job for the evening, with a controversial reference to the "Chinese Spy balloon". He said: "My job is to be your eyes, your ears. I'll be floating around this room. "Think of me like a Chinese spy balloon, that's what I'm doing right now, gathering all the information you want." READ MORE: Jennifer Lopez makes surprise appearance as she presents first Grammy Trevor was referring to the row over the Chinese spy balloon which entered US airspace earlier this week before it was shot down by a military fighter jet. The comedian’s monologue also included nods to Harry Styles and Beyoncé. He said of Harry, who took the first gong of the evening: "Harry Styles is here tonight, that's right. "What can you say about this man that hasn't been said? Incredible album, mind-blowing - what is its 15-night run at MSG and The Forum? "Women throw their panties at this man and then he puts them on and he looks better in them than they do! Easily the world's sexiest man!" Some Harry supporters took to Twitter to comment on Harry's uncomfortable reaction following Trevor's quips. CinemaIwt said: "Everything Trevor Noah said about Harry was disgusting." DON'T MISS... Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [GRAMMYS] Shania Twain sparks speculation with platinum blonde transformation [HOLLYWOOD] Piers Morgan's wife requests 'hall pass' after sharing bed with actor [COMMENT] Snflwrhioney28 added: "I hate how Trevor made it seem like the only reason Harry was nominated is because of his looks." Twoghostsry commented: "The fact that Trevor just basically sexualizes Harry on national television for some type of comedic effect is so incredibly disrespectful and completely uncalled for. Harry didn’t deserve that." Trevor also used his speech to introduce Adele to Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson. The Grammys host explained how when he researched some of the night's nominees, like Adele, he learned how she always wanted to meet The Rock. He said: "This is one of the strangest things I found out — the person that Adele has always wanted to meet, but never has, is Dwayne Johnson. "You've never met him? And then I found out that he's a huge fan of yours, too. Adele, meet The Rock. The Rock, meet Adele. First time ever!" Among the stars set to hit the stage Sunday included Styles, Jay-Z, Stevie Wonder, Bad Bunny, Mary J. Blige, Brandi Carlile, Luke Combs, Lizzo, Kim Petras and Sam Smith all set to perform during the ceremony. Rapper Jay-Z, 53, who is nominated in five categories, will perform the track God Did alongside star-studded collaborators DJ Khaled, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, John Legend and Fridayy.