Deontay Wilder has claimed that Jake Paul should have been awarded the victory in Saudi Arabia for his performance against Tommy Fury. The YouTuber-turned-boxer lost via a split decision with scorecards of 75-74 Paul, 76-73 Fury and 76-73 Fury and is now expected to contest a rematch later this year. The referee for the fight Hector Afu was criticised by pundits and fans as he continuously disrupted the pair, while also deciding to take a point away from both fighters during the bout. Wilder felt that the judges made the wrong decision in naming Fury the victor and insisted that the social media sensation should have been given multiple warnings before docking him a point. “I think Jake got that one,” Wilder said to Fight Hub TV. “It was an immature point. The referee is supposed to give him at least three warnings. He gave him NO warnings; get out of here. I think so [Jake Paul should have won]. "With the knockdown, he sealed it. He got that point taken away. I think Jake Paul needed that knockdown, and when he did, it evened it out. I think he only gave it to Fury because of the point taken.” Former boxer Carl Froch disagreed with Wilder, however, and felt that the judges were “bang on” with their scorecards. “I had the scorecard exactly the same as two of the judges - 76-73 [in favour of Tommy Fury]. I thought the score was bang on, to be honest,” Froch told iFL TV. “The point deductions were a bit dubious, but the referee balanced it out by taking a point from both fighters. I thought the score was right, the right man won. Tommy Fury put in a decent performance for the level of where he is in his career.” MORE BOXING NEWS...Fury and Wilder reunite in Saudi as fierce rivals exchange wordsFroch raises major concerns over credibility of Paul vs Fury resultTyson sends father John stern warning as Tommy fights Paul Paul himself felt that the officiating was questionable as his opinion was backed up by Wilder as he spoke out after the loss. “All respect to Tommy, he won. Don’t judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses,” Paul said. “I’ll come back and I think we deserve the rematch. It was a great fight, a close fight. I don’t know if I agree with the judges. “I got a 10-8 round twice. It is what it is but I’ve already won in life. I’ve won in every single way, I have amazing family, amazing friends and an amazing work ethic. Honestly, I felt flat. I got sick really bad twice in this camp, injured my arm, so it wasn’t my best performance. "But I lost – I’m not making excuses. I’m just saying, it wasn’t my best performance, I felt a little flat and like I said, we’re going to come back and get that W. Don’t judge me by my wins, judge my by my losses – I’m going to come back stronger.”