Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton, both 41, have been invited to participate in King Charles III's coronation, however, it is not confirmed yet whether the Duchess of Sussex will attend. But if she does, a style expert claims that she and the Princess of Wales will both wear a version of a tiara on the special occasion. Style expert Rosie Harte, who runs the TikTok channel @theroyalwardrobe, told her followers: "Did you know that Kate and Meghan will get to wear tiaras and crowns at the coronation? "Well technically they’re not crowns, they're coronets which are little small crowns. "Members of the Royal Family and members of the titled nobility such as Dukes and Duchesses will also get to wear them and the design of the coronet varies based on your rank and your relationship to the monarch. "Harry, Meghan and Kate as the son and daughters-in-law of the monarch will get to wear this coronet featuring crosses and fleur de lis. READ MORE: Astrologer predicts line of succession changes "As the Prince of Wales, William will get to wear a special coronet, his father's old coronet." However, when Prince William, 40, is eventually crowned, Kate will get to wear a more magnificent crown as opposed to a coronet, just like Queen Camilla will on May 6. When William is crowned King of England, Kate will be crowned Queen Consort “in a similar but simpler ceremony” according to the Royal Family's official website. According to The Sun, it is likely she will wear the Queen Mother’s impressive crown. The crown, which is currently on display at the Tower of London’s Crown Jewels exhibition, was made in 1937 by Garrard for the Queen Mother. It’s an impressive piece set with 2,800 diamonds, but there’s one which outshines them all: the gigantic Koh-i-Noor diamond which sits in the centre of the platinum frame. Weighing 105 carats, the diamond was gifted to Queen Victoria in 1849 and has been set in a number of other crowns previously. The Queen Mother famously wore the crown during her and King George VI's joint coronation, as well as during her daughter Queen Elizabeth's coronation in June 1953. READ MORE: Meghan and Sophie 'make strong statements' with fashion - pictures It was also placed on top of her casket for her funeral procession in 2002. The diamond was gifted to Queen Victoria in 1856 as “a gesture of gratitude for British support during the Crimean war” according to the Royal Collection Trust’s website. However, the diamond has a long and controversial history spanning centuries, part of a dispute between India and Britain that has seen the Indian government ask for the diamond to be returned to the country. India’s solicitor-general Ranjit Kumar later said in 2016 that the diamond “cannot be said to be forcibly taken or stolen as it was given”.  The Queen Mother’s crown also features an ermine fur trim, amethyst velvet and an arched platinum frame with fleur-de-lis and crosses-pattee set with diamonds. The crown itself weighs half a kilogram. Before Kate wears the crown at William's eventual coronation, her stepmother-in-law Queen Camilla will most likely be the first to wear it when King Charles has his coronation on May 6, 2023. Given the crown’s past controversies, the Royal Family could decide to opt for a piece with a less chequered history. 