Some fans of popular duo The Hairy Bikers were left concerned after Si King, 56, announced he would be going solo for an upcoming project, while co-star Dave Myers, 65, battles cancer. Dave and Si usually partner up on all food-related projects, leaving fans worried that solo projects could take time away from them working together as The Hairy Bikers in the future. However, TV chef Tom Kerridge, 49, who is the brains behind the food, music and drink festival Pub in the Park, has insisted that the two would have appeared together at the event in normal circumstances. Tom divulged that as Dave focuses on his health and “getting back on his feet”, Si will be cooking at the event on his own. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, when quizzed on why Si was headlining by himself, Tom explained: “It’s because of Dave’s health, yeah. “So they’re very, very close friends. READ MORE... Strictly's Janette Manrara announces baby news with husband Aljaz “Si did a couple for us last year when Dave was still getting better and finding himself and getting back on his feet.  “Dave is more than welcome at any point, and him and Si are great mates.  “But it is a case of, I think, making sure that Dave is in his best possible health in the way he can be.”  Tom went on to say that last time he spoke to Dave, he was “massively improving”. Sharing a health update, the chef revealed: “I know he was massively improving, I know he's in a much better space. “But I haven’t spoken to him for a while.” Dave and Si have also had to park their hit TV series Hairy Bikers Go Local, as the former battles against the disease. Last year, Dave told fans he was "doing kind of alright” after being diagnosed with cancer in 2022. DON'T MISS:Richard E Grant feels like an immigrant despite 41 years in the UKKing Charles under pressure over Coronation in 'fractured' BritainRicky Gervais mocks Sam Smith after BRITs appearance distracts viewers “[The treatment] is still ongoing but I’m kind of doing all right, it’s like many people, it’s something one learns to live with,” Dave explained on BBC Breakfast.  Si, meanwhile, shared his excitement over appearing at Pub in the Park in a social media post.  The chef said on Instagram: “EXCITING NEWS. I’m heading to @pubintheparkLeamington Spa and Tunbridge Wells in July, then Chiswick in September. Find me at the Saturday sessions at these locations! See you there? “Head to the Pub in the Park website to sign up for early pre-sale access on 3rd Feb!” In his chat with Express.co.uk, Tom revealed what fans can expect from this year’s festival.  He spilled: “This is its seventh year, so it comes back every year stronger and better every single time.  “We learn from each thing, and we tweak things and the flavours that have happened, the dishes that people like.”  Tom teased: “New bands, new styles, new things, bits and bobs going on, but also much of the same, the same sort of exciting thing that people had year on year - that kind of energy, that excitement, that vibe, that space.  “The sunshine, the music, the family friendly energy and atmosphere. And of course brilliant, brilliant food from Michelin star chefs cooking their kind of versions of street food.”  Tom Kerridge will be hosting various locations across Pub in the Park. The ultimate food and music festival will be touring ten UK locations this Summer. Visit www.pubintheparkuk.com for tickets and further information.