The National Grid is launching a new demand flexibility service test tonight, where thousands of households will be asked to turn off their energy-guzzling appliances to help balance the UK's electricity system, Express.co.uk was told. The scheme was launched late last year amid warnings from the National Grid that they may be forced to impose three hour blackouts if gas and electricity supplies were tight during the winter. To prevent such a nightmare scenario, the company's Electricity Systems Operator rolled out this service, where eligible households will be asked to reduce their energy usage during peak hours of the day.  According to Energy expert Loop, households across the UK will be able to cash in on the service, by avoiding using energy hungry appliances at 5pm, when demand for electricity is at its highest. Loop, which is a free smart meter app, claimed that a million households are taking part today, and shared tips on how people can maximise their earnings from the scheme. Steve Buckley, Head of Data Science at Loop said: “People can earn rewards today by making small changes, such as opting to use their washing machine, dishwasher and other high energy appliances at earlier or later times in the day. “It’s not only about reducing your usage, but also about changing when you use electricity away from peak times - so if your heating is electric, warm up your home ahead of the National Grid event, and save your cooking or laundry until afterwards.”  “Loop’s Turn Down and Save scheme is free to join and there will still be the opportunity to earn worthwhile rewards - on average Loop users cut their energy bills by 15 percent, so there are real savings to be made.” The National Grid ESO told Express.co.uk that today's test is part of an "onboarding event", where a limited number of energy suppliers and their customers are taking part in the scheme to test out the system. While not all utility companies are offering access to DFS schemes, any household with a smart meter can access the scheme via Loop’s Turn Down and Save scheme which is part of the National Grid initiative – meaning an additional 12.9 million households could take part and earn rewards until the end of March, when the scheme ends. Loop noted that during January's events, their customers were able to save an average of £3.67 in one session, and reduced usage by more than 40 percent. READ MORE: Mum's solar panel perks which includes making money from energy    Mr Buckley said: “We encourage households to check if they are eligible for the scheme as there are still opportunities to earn rewards. “Households should avoid using anything that creates heat - so minimise your use appliances like electric heating, electric oven and hob, air fryer, slow cooker, toaster, washing machine, tumble dryer, dishwasher, immersion heater, kettle and hair dryer etc. "You should also avoid charging anything, most notably electric vehicles and keep as many lights off as possible until after the event. “Whilst it’s too late to join tonight’s event, we would urge all households with a smart meter to sign up to Loop and participate in future Turn Down and Save events." DON'T MISS: Woman finds largest dinosaur footprint ever discovered in Yorkshire [REPORT]Elon Musk issues 'WW3' warning after dealing Ukraine blow with ban [INSIGHT] UK unveils £60m boost to develop ships that will ’fly‘ above water [REVEAL]  Meanwhile, National Grid said earlier this month that its power-saving scheme that pays people to limit energy usage to avoid blackouts could soon become how "we all operate". Claire Dykta, National Grid’s head of markets has described the measure as an effective "insurance policy". However, she said that it is an indicator of how the grid can adapt as an increasing amount of power delivered to it comes from clean, renewable energy sources. She previously said: "Demand flexibility is going to be a really important component of our energy supply mix going forward and it will grow and grow as something that we all get used to. "Once we've got electric cars and we don't have gas boilers anymore, we're going to be using energy very differently to how we use it today. Consumers being able to shift their demand is likely how we're all going to operate in the future.” THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW 