The Prince and Princess of Wales have reportedly imposed a strict condition if their son and future King Prince George is to play a role in King Charles's Coronation. According to reports, Charles is keen for George to be part of the ceremony on May 6, with William also expected to have a prominent role in proceedings. However, Kate and William are said to have been clear that George should not be subjected to "overwhelming scrutiny" if he is part of the Coronation. The Sunday Times reported the Waleses are due to meet with Charles and Queen Consort Camilla soon to discuss what role George could play at the occasion. It would mark a break with tradition if George does feature in the ceremony, as at the last two Coronations the young heirs (Charles III and Elizabeth II) did not take part and simply watched with other family members. Royal historian Hugo Vickers told the Sunday Times: "Bringing George in also sends all the right symbolism for the future and gives him something he will always remember. It is certainly different — this Coronation is getting more interesting by the minute."  The Telegraph also reported that George's younger siblings, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, will be watching the ceremony from the congregation. Historian Dr Tessa Dunlop gave an insight into how the younger royals will be presented in their finery alongside their parents at the Coronation. She told the Mirror: "George alongside siblings Charlotte and Louis will be a big visual pull at the Coronation – just as Prince Charles was at his mother's. READ MORE: Palace attempts to 'distance themselves' from King's meeting with VDL "Expect Charlotte in a dainty coronet [small crown] - perhaps even the one the late Queen wore to her father's coronation aged 10 - and the two brothers in frock coats and breeches. "Kate loves dressing up her children, so objections are unlikely. And the money shot everyone will want is a snap of the three siblings in their finery alongside the King and the Queen on Buckingham Palace balcony after the service." The three siblings, particularly Prince Louis, attracted much attention when they appeared at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June. DON'T MISS:Queen and Prince Phillip ‘took massive delight’ in things going wrong [LATEST]Meghan is 'most notably' inspired by an 'elegant' royal [FASHION]Harry allows fans to ask questions in 'intimate' livestream [REVEAL] The final guest list and details of the roles each royal will play at the Coronation have yet to be confirmed. Express.co.uk confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be invited, yet it is not known if they will attend. Harry has spoken out about his desire to reconcile with his family, yet he has said that these conversations should take place privately. The Coronation also falls on the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday, leading some to suggest Harry may travel alone while Meghan stays behind with their children.