Hit Netflix series, Outer Banks, is an action-adventure mystery drama that debuted in April 2020. In December 2021, the teen series was renewed for a third season, which is set to premiere at the end of this month. Cast member Madelyn Cline, who plays Sarah Cameron, has discussed what life’s like filming for the upcoming season and has revealed “it's not always easy” working beside ex Chase Stokes The Outer Banks actress opened up to Cosmopolitan UK about working with her ex-boyfriend, Stokes, after their split in November 2021. When asked if it had been awkward working with her ex-beau during filming of Outer Banks season three, the actress said the atmosphere had remained “untouched”. She explained: “We always said that the job remains untouched. Nothing else, personal or negative, will touch the job. "And while that’s not always easy, our job is to leave the show better than we found it, to leave the season better than we found it. And I’m really appreciative of that. READ MORE: NCIS Hawaii fans in meltdown after Lucy Tara's sweet reunion with Kate Rumours were circulating over the possibility of Cline’s departure following her split from former partner Stokes. The two both star in the show as Sarah Cameron and John B, and went official with their relationship in June 2020 and dated for a year. After their split at the end of 2021, fans were worried whether the actress would return for a third season but she went public in a now-deleted Instagram story, putting an end to the rumours. The 24-year-old captioned a selfie: "Hi so I'm getting asked if s3 is my final season of obx. I will come back for as many seasons as they will have me. I love my job and there's not a day that goes by that I'm not grateful for it, and for everyone who has watched it. Not everything on the internet is true." (sic) In a tweet from the official Netflix Twitter account in December of 2021, it was announced to fans that they could expect a third season of the critically acclaimed show Outer Banks to air in early February 2023. Netflix shared a video to Twitter showing the cast of the series cheering: "All the way from Poguelandia, season three baby!" The streaming service also took to Instagram and shared a snap captioned: "Don’t call, don’t text. no service in Poguelandia. OBX 3 is BACK IN PRODUCTION." The post shared a first glimpse of the season three cast including Cline, Stokes, Madison Bailey, Rudy Pankow, Jonathan Daviss, Carlacia Grant, and Drew Starkey as they were all back in action filming in Charleston, South Carolina for the show. DON'T MISS:Power Book 2 Ghost season 3 confirms return of original cast memberThe Late Late Show with James Corden's replacement confirmedThe Masked Singer USA announces series 9 elimination twist Over the last two seasons, Sarah and John B had been continuing their quest for the treasure, reuniting with the rest of the Pogues in Charlotte. The Pogues had lost their newly-acquired gold cross to Sarah's family, the Camerons, during a dramatic run-in on a cargo ship. The season drew to a close with Carla on her way to meet with John B's father, who many had assumed to be dead. He vowed to help track down the Shroud of Turin, the magical healing cloth that was meant to have been hidden in the gold cross, and in return, she must help John B and his friends. Fans expect the hunt to continue in the third instalment of Outer Banks after Netflix shared an official synopsis alongside the release date confirmation. Show boss Jonas Pate previously spoke about envisaging Outer Banks running through to seasons four or five, but whether the planned story gets told is ultimately down to Netflix giving it the green light once again. Pate told Entertainment Weekly: "Ever since we started, we always viewed it as something that was probably like a four-season, maybe five-season show, but definitely four seasons.” Outer Banks season 3 premieres on Netflix on February 23.Madelyn Cline stars as the new Cosmopolitan UK digital cover star, in an interview available on the magazine’s website