Tottenham boss Antonio Conte could miss four crunch fixtures following surgery to remove his gallbladder, Express Sport has learned. The Premier League club announced on Wednesday that the Italian is set to go under the knife after experiencing ‘severe’ abdominal pain. Conte could undergo keyhole surgery to remove the gallbladder. Recovery can take up to two weeks, although complications can often mean that other types of surgeries are required and rehabilitation could take slightly longer. Should the 53-year-old be out of action for up to two weeks, he is likely to miss a tough run of Premier League and Champions League matches against Manchester City, Leicester, AC Milan and West Ham. Express Sport spoke with former lead Everton physician Dr Andre Brittain-Dissont, a medical practitioner for 30 years, to understand how Conte will recover from the operation. “There are two ways of doing this operation, one is with keyhole surgery. Keyhole surgery is more painful in the postoperative period. But because you’re only making small, tiny incisions using clever tools and cameras to do it, you recover quicker and you can be back to work - that is sitting at a desk - in about two weeks. You’re not cutting into the tummy in the same way,” Dr Brittain-Dissont explained. JUST IN: Arsenal's Caicedo hopes in tatters as Brighton relationship 'damaged' “If it’s an open operation - that is if they cannot do it with a keyhole and they need to do an open, old-fashioned operation - that’s less painful but it is a slower recovery. They have to go through the muscles there, so that might take you three to four weeks to recover. “In terms of going back to work, it depends what kind of job you do. If it’s returning to a desk, having a computer, completing your transfer windows, watching players on video, then you’re probably fine to do that in two weeks. When it comes to being on the touchline, there’s a difference. “If he’s going to stand there berating players, catching and throwing balls… he’s quite a livewire character. If he’s chest-bumping [Arsenal boss] Mikel Arteta then you’re looking more towards 6-8 weeks to be back to full capacity in all physical aspects.” Some reports claimed that Conte wished to be in the stands for Spurs’ Premier League clash with Man City on Sunday. While a manager heading to the comfort of a directors’ box might make that plan slightly easier, Dr Brittain-Dissont suggests that the advice might still be to take caution. DON'T MISS...Chelsea have five signings they can't register for Champions LeagueArsenal's Caicedo hopes in tatters as Brighton relationship 'damaged'Piers Morgan and John Terry in tense exchange as Chelsea icon aims dig He added: “It’s a different atmosphere going to a match for a manager. You can gling-glide into a stadium and sit down. It’s different to going to a stadium when you’ve got the ruffle and tumble of turnstiles, all the pushing and shoving that goes on during a busy matchday. “At the end of the day, being sat at home watching the game is no different to being sat in a comfortable box at a stadium watching it. You can still move and be driven to and from. I don’t think he would be driving himself, and you’re safe to go to places and sit down and watch. “His excitement and getting carried away in the moment might be questionable. He might want to take it easy with some pain-killers and be at home and it’s not completely the ideal place to be post-surgery. I don’t see it as impossible because he can glide into the stadium, but a couple of days taking it easy, doing nothing, letting your body heal is probably advisable.” Announcing Conte’s absence on Wednesday morning, Spurs said: “Antonio Conte recently became unwell with severe abdominal pain. Following a diagnosis of cholecystitis, he will be undergoing surgery to remove his gallbladder today (Wednesday) and will return following a period of recuperation. Everyone at the club wishes him well.” Dr Andre Brittain-Dissont is a doctor with over 25 years' experience who has worked as a GP, a Premier League and an Occupational Physician. He now offers specialist medical aesthetic treatment through Medical Aesthetics with Andre.