Rod Stewart's son Sean tied the knot in a secret Las Vegas wedding which his mum Alana admitted had "surprised them all". The 42-year-old surprised his beloved girlfriend Jody during a trip to the entertainment capital on Valentine's Day. He reportedly proposed to her during dinner and the pair headed to the courthouse that very same day. Jody, also 42, is the daughter of the late Ocean's Eleven producer Jerry Weintraub - and she and Sean sealed the deal at a wedding chapel in Las Vegas last week. Rod's mum Alana announced the news on Instagram, gushing: "Congratulations to my boy @seanstewart and his beautiful bride @jody_weintraubstewart who surprised us all with a spur of the moment Las Vegas wedding." Attaching a photo of the pair posing with Rod, she added in view of over 101,000 followers: "So happy for you both!" Sean's own post was much more cryptic, sharing the same picture, but simply titling it: "Mondays." READ NOW: Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies Yet fans who were in the know could scarcely conceal their enthusiasm as they replied to his Instagram post. @jessiedrezner exclaimed: "TOGETHERNESS on with dear Sean and JODY! I'm so happy for the two newly weds!!" (sic) @sheila.annelio knowingly chimed in: "To think you told your dad you got married right before he took the stage. We were at that concert on Valentine’s Day!" The pair collected their marriage license at the Little Church of the West, soon after enjoying an evening meal at seafood and steak restaurant Catch. Alana was reportedly in tears of joy after her son phoned on the way to the courthouse to reveal that he was tying the knot. Sean also made sure he filled in his dad on all the latest news, via a phone call ahead of his show at a Hard Rock Hotel in Florida. The pair soon returned to Los Angeles, where People magazine report that they celebrated with Rod in Malibu. It's been reported that they plan to celebrate their nuptials fully via a romantic trip to Spain later in the year, to which the extended family will also be invited. DON'T MISS... Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [INTERVIEW] Michelle Keegan shows off jaw-dropping bikini body in skimpy two-piece [PICTURES] Ronnie Wood's ex stays close to him as she 'didn't do anything wrong' [LATEST] These family members are expected to include Sean's sister Kimberly, 43, as well as his half-sisters Ruby, 35, and Renee, 30. He also has three half-brothers courtesy of Rod - Liam, 28, and Rod's two boys with his current wife Penny Lancaster: Alastair, 17, and Aidan, who celebrated his 12th birthday only last week. Meanwhile, Sean also has an older half-brother, 48-year-old Ashley, who is the product of his mum's previous marriage to Golden Globe-winning actor George Hamilton. Despite being the son of a multimillion-selling musical artist, Sean hasn't let the grass grow under his feet and has made a name for himself in projects of his own. Eagle-eyed fans might recall his appearances in the reality TV Sons of Hollywood, which tracks the journeys of men born to famous parents. He starred alongside the likes of David Weintraub who, despite his surname, is no relation to his new wife. Sean has also been building his own clothing company, Dirty Weekend, and hopes to add to his business profile in the near future. Meanwhile, though Rod Stewart has a grand total of eight children, he recently shared his secret to a successful blended family - treating all of his offspring as "individuals". He told People recently: "What makes me happiest now is seeing all my kids and my wife with big smiles on their faces!"