Erik ten Hag insists it is 'impossible' to say whether or not Manchester United winger Jadon Sancho is free of problems after a three-month break from football. Sancho scored his first goal since returning to the team to make it 2-2 against Leeds in midweek, and will hope to be involved again in the reverse fixture at Elland Road today (2pm). The England international's previous Premier League appearance before scoring against Leeds came back on October 22. Sancho, a £73million summer signing, has had a slow-burning start at Old Trafford despite a goal against rivals Liverpool back in August. Ten Hag revealed last month that Sancho, who was absent for the club's Spain training camp during the World Cup, was battling "physical and mental" issues and had "some hurdles" to overcome. Sancho is now fully fit again and eager to contribute. The 22-year-old spent time in the Netherlands with the Talent Academy Group, whose sports psychologists United have been using to offer counselling to players. But Ten Hag insists he cannot say whether or not Sancho is completely back on track. MUST READ: Man Utd can offer Napoli four players to beat Chelsea to Osimhen deal Quizzed as to whether Sancho's problems were now cured, the Dutch tactician responded: “I can’t answer that question. It’s impossible. It’s a personal thing and you don’t know in anyone’s head what is going on. “And I think you have to respect that. I support every player, I back every player where I can, and I want to ensure that we have a good team spirit and to ensure and encourage and motivate all the players to give their best. “So I will push them and if they have problems we will help them to sort them out. I don’t gamble. If you want to gamble you go to the casino. You can’t do that as a football manager. “I think always in my approach to the players I set high standards. I’m not happy or satisfied with less than the best - and I will every time, every day, demand the highest standards from them.” After his goal against Leeds, Ten Hag labelled himself “pleased and proud” of the player. He said earlier this week: “It is clear it is a difficult period but he finds himself out and he needs credit for that. “He is a brilliant footballer and if he can invest in the right levels he can be outstanding. I will back him, the coaches will and the team will but finally he has to do it himself. He can definitely for our team be a big impact. Tonight he had, but we know he can be a consistent impact. “He has to work very hard, we all do, and in this moment he is in a good mood. I think it will strengthen him, motivate him to even give more, then you'll get more. I really enjoy seeing him playing the way he did, with so much confidence, so much belief, really direct.”