Emmerdale bad boy Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) tried to take the fall for his son after he accidentally shot Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). But the guilt got too much for Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) and he quickly came clean to the police, but now he could face a murder trial. To make matters worse, Kyle was initially put into care, leaving Cain and his mum, Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) devastated. Amy has already fled the village with Kyle once before, but a double exit could soon be on the cards for the duo. In official spoilers released by ITV, Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano) is delighted when Amy reaffirms their engagement is about her love for him, not just a ploy to get custody of Kyle and Amy takes strength from Matty’s support. Soon Cain enlists his half-brother Caleb Miligan (Will Ash) in the battle over Kyle’s future, but Moira Barton (Natalie Robb) pleads with him to avoid making things worse. But soon it’s a war between both parties as Caleb intervenes, upsetting Amy. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis Matty reassures Amy after her encounter with Caleb, however, things soon take a violent turn. There is an altercation between Kyle and Nicola King's (Nicola Wheeler) son, Carl Jr. Nicola soon threatens to call the police on Kyle, leaving Amy reeling. Cain is quick to blame Amy for the incident, but later, Amy and Cain plead with Nicola not to call the police.  But it’s Amy’s appeal that causes Nicola to relent, which leaves Cain feeling guilty knowing the community sees Kyle’s violence as a reflection of his parenting. Before long Moira is stunned as Cain tells her they need to let Kyle go, for his own good. Moira’s horrified Cain views himself as a malign influence on Kyle and doesn’t just want to give Amy full custody of his son, but plans to cut himself completely out of Kyle’s life. He wants the pair to move away to give his son the chance to start again. DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter leaves co-stars uneasy with racy remark [VIDEO]Dancing on Ice 'sexist' row erupts over Carley Stenson exit [REACTION]Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit [THEORY] A heartbroken Moira tells resolute Cain he’s making a mistake that will haunt him to his dying day. But, will Amy seize the opportunity to have Kyle to herself and in doing so flee the village? Fans who have been following Kyle's storyline have also taken to social media to share their own theories about how things will pan out. Twitter user @1stLadyHooligan predicted: "Amy acting like she has the moral high ground, but unlike her Cain hasn't killed anyone. "I think it'll be interesting to see how Kyle reacts to Amy going for full custody, I don't think he'll take it well & maybe it'll get her bumped off." (sic) Doreen Morfitt wrote: "How many people know about Mack and Chloe? Will it be Charity's turn with the shotgun? Or will she just get Kyle to do it? #Emmerdale." Wini went on to say: "Cain is right... Amy does wanna keep Kyle away from him. It's gonna be interesting to see how things pan out." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV