The “frozen” state pension issue continues to cause tension between many expats who have chosen to live overseas and the UK Government, with tens of thousands showing their objections via a petition. The state pension will only increase if Britons live in the following nations: The UK, European Economic Area (EEA), Gibraltar, Switzerland, and countries with a social security agreement with the UK - but not Canada or New Zealand. It means many who have chosen to live or retire in other countries will not be eligible for the state pension triple lock - which this year will deliver a 10.1 percent boost. Instead, they will see their sum frozen at the level it was when they decided to depart an eligible country. Now, a petition organised by two campaign groups - End Frozen Pensions and Silver Voices - has garnered substantial support. At the time of writing, the change.org petition has received over 58,000 signatures from frustrated Britons who want to see the frozen pensions policy change. READ MORE: Pensioners may be eligible for sum worth £3,500, Martin Lewis warns Numerous Britons have shared their thoughts and the reasons behind signing the petition. Richard Grimsdell, a frozen state pensioner, said: “My UK state pension has been unfairly frozen for 13 years of my retirement. “There must be some solution and some agreement that can be reached with the UK Government.” Anthony Nicholls, an expat living in Canada, remarked on the discrepancies between countries, despite a similar geographical location. DON'T MISS:Women over 70 urged to check if they are owed state pension payments [VIDEO]Rishi Sunak urged to act as ‘500,000’ working age Britons ‘penalised' [INSIGHT]HMRC warning as new email ‘reported 200 times’ in a week [WARNING]  He added: “I live in Ontario, Canada. If I lived just one hour away in Michigan, USA, my UK pension would not be frozen forever!” Veteran William Hedges, explained: “When I left the UK and came to Canada in May 1969, there was no advice regarding our pension rights. “Both my late wife and I served in the British Armed Forces. I am 92 years old now.” Jennifer Borg referenced the ongoing cost of living crisis, explaining: “I am a pensioner already struggling with price increases. READ MORE: Full list of heat pump grants available - Britons can get up to £6,000 “I feel it’s important pensions at least keep pace with increases in the RPI.” While Andrew Weager stated: “The Government has a duty to honour the contributions the now elderly have made to their country over their lifetime of honest endeavour and faithful service. “They reasonably expected the support they were promised in later life of a pension that would allow them at least a dignified retirement with the provision of a basic pension to meet their basic needs in old age. “You have a duty of care and a moral obligation to your own retired citizens whether in the UK or in the so called Commonwealth.” The petition highlighted the story of Anne Puckridge, a 98-year-old World War Two veteran, who currently receives a weekly pension of £72.50, far below the current full basic state pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is because Ms Puckridge moved to Canada at the age of 76 to be closer to her family. However, it meant she inadvertently became one of the estimated 500,000 people, and 60,000 military veterans who see their pension frozen. Silver Voices has described the policy as “morally indefensible”, calling on the Government to give all pensioners the retirement they “paid for and deserve”. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “We will forever be indebted to our brave personnel who fought and gave their lives for this country and our priority is ensuring every pensioner, including veterans, receives all the financial support to which they are entitled. “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and we provide clear information about how this can impact on their finances. “The Government’s policy on the uprating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a long-standing one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”