  Vanessa Feltz, 60, has split from her fiancé amid suspicions of him cheating on her. The TalkTV host admitted she was “shocked” and “heartbroken” after hearing of Phats and Small singer Ben Ofoedu’s suspected infidelity.      The pair have been together for 16 years and their relationship was well-known within the Showbiz world. However, a string of allegations have since arisen that Ben repeatedly cheated with a number of women, with Vanessa saying she was disappointed to say the “trust had gone”. Last night, she confirmed she had left Ben over his behaviour, admitting she was devastated. She said: “I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out, because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over. READ MORE: Amanda Owen slammed by viewers as Our Yorkshire Farm crumbles    “As an agony aunt I have said many times that once the trust in a relationship is gone, it can never be repaired or regained. “So I have to take my own advice on this occasion,” she told the Sun on Sunday. “Who knew I’d be single at 60? However, ladies, it’s onwards and upwards and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come.” She added: “I hear that Kylie Minogue is single again, so I’m in good company — if she wants to hit the town, hook me up.”      Another source told the paper: “He has cheated copiously, all over the place, exposing her to all sorts. "It’s pretty horrifying for her and her friends to think about, but she’s a strong, successful woman who will not be beaten by his disgraceful behaviour. “Of course she is heartbroken, ashamed, devastated — but she’s proud too. “The most appalling thing is that he has probably taken advantage of how hard she works, to facilitate his cheating. READ MORE... Margot Robbie found co-star's cigarette 'in butt crack' amid sex scene [NEWS] Ant's 'disgusting habit' mocked by Dec as he's forced to change outfit [NEWS] Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [INSIGHT]     “She recently launched a show on talkTV which has been taking up a lot of time, so she has been out of the house earning money while he has been disrespecting her.” Express.co.uk have contacted Ben’s representatives for comment. Vanessa and Ben first met in 2005 after she divorced surgeon Michael Kurer in 2000.      The presenter split from Michael, who she married in 1983, after allegations of cheating. During their marriage, the pair welcomed two daughters: Allegra, 37, and Saskia, 34, They also have four grandchildren, and eldest daughter Allegra is a former tax lawyer who is now a television baker and chef.  