The sight of Loris Karius standing between the sticks at Wembley next weekend may not fill Newcastle United fans with as much confidence as they would have if Nick Pope was available. But the German stopper might have already convinced Eddie Howe he is ready to make his club debut in the Carabao Cup final against Manchester United, billed as their biggest match in a decade. Howe has been dealt with the most unlikely goalkeeping dilemma a manager could face after Pope was sent off in the 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Saturday. The England international handled the ball way outside of his area when Mohamed Salah had the chance to score, giving referee Anthony Taylor no option but to brandish the red card. It means that Pope will face a one-match suspension at least, ruling him out of the Carabao Cup final against United on Sunday. But the worse news for the Magpies is that their normal reserve goalkeeper Martin Dubravka is cup-tied after his brief spell with United earlier this season. Karl Darlow, another experienced stopper in the squad, was loaned to Hull City on deadline day, leaving Howe with fourth and fifth-choice goalkeepers Karius and Mark Gillespie as his only available options. READ MORE: Nick Pope sent off after horror gaffe and will miss Carabao Cup final Neither goalkeeper is ideal for a game of such magnitude, given Karius has not made a senior competitive appearance since February 2021, while Gillespie hasn't featured since appearing in the League Cup in the 2020-21 campaign. In terms of pedigree, Karius can point to his obvious experience of playing in a Champions League final - even if that turned out to be the most fateful night of his career after two catastrophic errors. But there is other evidence he can come into the side and do an adequate job against United, having played in goal against the Red Devils over six years ago. Liverpool's squad was far from perfect in the second season under Jurgen Klopp and the German boss had chosen Karius to replace Simon Mignolet after the Belgian's run of errors in goal. DON'T MISSGary Lineker points to rule anomaly on Nick Pope's ban for Carabao CupDavid Coote named Carabao Cup final ref and Newcastle fans are fumingNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner Karius, who was 23 at the time, was far from convincing in his display after only arriving from Mainz a few months before the game. But the German still managed to keep a clean sheet as Liverpool held Jose Mourinho's United to a goalless draw at Anfield. He was forced into action on more than one occasion when Marcus Rashford powered a shot goalwards and Karius pushed it out of Zlatan Ibrahimovic's reach. The Swede was then denied by the onrushing goalkeeper in the second half. Liverpool's nerves were evident shortly after the interval when Karius kicked a back-pass straight to the feet of Paul Pogba on the edge of the area, but he passed to Ibrahimovic who was offside, sparing his blushes. Aside from that minor blip, it was a solid display and he was congratulated by Klopp after the game. Howe has so far refused to confirm if Karius would be in goal, but when it comes down to it, hiis experience of shutting out their Carabao Cup final opponents could prove to be invaluable in a scenario where the Newcastle boss has little choice but to trust he has put his mistakes behind him.