The undercarriage of the downed Chinese balloon - where suspected surveillance equipment was kept - has been located in waters off South Carolina, US officials say. The housing unit, found on Thursday, is said to be largely intact. It has not yet been recovered, the official said, but a crane or a winch will be deployed to bring it onto a boat and ashore. The official, speaking to ABC News, said the undercarriage may span 30-feet or longer. Balloon recovery operations have been suspended until at least Monday due to rough waters, a separate US official has said. They said the main reconnaissance section of the balloon has been found. After a US Air Force fighter jet shot down the vessel off the South Carolina coast on February 4, navy divers quickly got to work. They recovered pieces of the downed balloon from the depths of the ocean floor on Tuesday, using sophisticated reconnaissance drones dubbed the Kingfish and the Swordfish. After collecting all of the balloon’s white fabric and shell structure found floating on the surface, the Navy has now shifted to an all-underwater search.   Navy and Coast Guard personnel were using underwater drones to locate and map the debris field, and divers were in the water gathering up what they could, officials said. The debris was being hauled by small boats to a few area locations, including a Coast Guard station south of Myrtle Beach and a vacation resort on South Carolina’s Atlantic coast. Depending on the size, the debris went either to the FBI lab at Quantico, Virginia, or other sites where experts can analyse it, officials said. According to a US Government update on Thursday, the suspected Chinese balloon shot down over the weekend "had multiple antennas" and used equipment which was "clearly for intelligence surveillance". DON'T MISS12-year-old shot dead in stolen car chase [REPORT]Teen kills herself after she is filmed being attacked [LATEST]Democrats turn on Biden over border crisis [INSIGHT] The device was "capable of conducting signals intelligence collection operations" and has been deployed over "more than 40 countries across five continents", a senior State Department official told a background briefing. China insists the balloon was just an errant civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research that went off course due to winds and had only limited “self-steering” capabilities. It also issued a threat of “further actions”. In a statement after the craft was shot down, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the use of force by the US was “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice", adding: ”China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests." The US says it was a Chinese spy balloon without a doubt. Its presence prompted Secretary of State Antony Blinken to cancel a weekend trip to China aimed at dialling down tensions that were already high between the countries. The China balloon shot down by the US was equipped to detect and collect intelligence signals as part of a huge, military-linked aerial surveillance program that targeted more than 40 countries, the Biden administration declared on Thursday, citing imagery from American U-2 spy planes. A fleet of balloons operates under the direction of the People’s Liberation Army and is used specifically for spying, outfitted with high-tech equipment designed to gather sensitive information from targets across the globe, the US said. Similar balloons have sailed over five continents, according to the administration. A statement from a senior State Department official offered the most detail to date linking China’s military to the balloon that was shot down by the US last weekend over the Atlantic Ocean. The public details outlining the program’s scope and capabilities were meant to refute China’s persistent denials that the balloon was used for spying, including a claim Thursday that US accusations about the balloon amount to “information warfare". President Joe Biden has defended the decision to shoot down the suspected spy balloon, which crossed into US airspace on January 28. The House voted unanimously on Thursday to condemn China’s balloon surveillance program, calling it a “brazen violation” of US sovereignty.