The Tom Jones ballad has been under scrutiny for a few years due to its violent connotations. It was removed from Welsh international games in 2015. However, the decision sparked a huge backlash following Thursday's BBC Breakfast as Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt discussed the move with Welsh correspondent Wyre Davies. The debate came after Labour MP Chris Bryant supported the move branding it a "violent song". The MP said during a clip: "On match days, we see a dramatic rise in the number of domestic violence cases across Wales. So it's good to do this." Addressing the decision, Charlie began: "A week in which the chief executive of the Welsh rugby union was forced to resign following those allegations of sexism, misogyny and racism within the organisation." Turning to their Wales correspondent, Naga asked Wyre how the decision was made. READ MORE: Sarah Lancashire ‘spoke up’ to change Happy Valley ending He replied: "Well, it's been a long time coming as you said it was 2015 that they didn't include it as part of their halftime repertoire over the tannoy. "But choirs have always sung it and I think choirs would due to sing it in the forthcoming home internationals against England and Ireland in the Six Nations." "It is difficult isn't it?" Wrye continued as he went on to ask: "What's next? Bohemian Rhapsody? "So I think a lot of people are uneasy with this. It's a popular song in the stadium. "But I spoke to a female member of a choir last night she was really glad that she wouldn't have to sing these lyrics anymore. "And the key thing is that it comes against this backdrop of these allegations in the BBC investigation last week of sexist behaviour and a toxic culture within Welsh rugby. "And I think had they played this song, one of the forthcoming international say against Ireland this weekend, and that song had gone out then, a few critics would have said, 'Welsh rugby union isn't really taking the lessons on board'. "But as you say, it's a popular song. It's a catchy song and it's really divided opinion in the stadium." DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty shuts down BBC Breakfast co-host  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as beloved couple reunite  [SPOILERS] The discussion sparked a strong reaction from viewers and many branded the ban "woke" and "nonsense". Kev wrote: "Just heard on @BBCBreakfast that Welsh Rugby have banned Delilah from being played in the stadium, I think the Welsh Rugby fans will decide what they sing at the game, not some guy with a clipboard." Claire Tuson tweeted: "What's next The Wild Rose or Hazard! It's just a song, a story; What's next a ban on any film with violence??? Banning Delilah is ridiculous and the fans will just sing it now anyway. @BBCBreakfast." (sic) "What a load of politically correct rubbish," Andy Patey went on to say. While Craig Harrison fumed: "Oh give me a break. Let's stop the world I want to get off. We're going to ban everything before 2015 at this rate. Normally I can see logic in most of these things but some of it is just silly even for me a woke lefty." (sic) "I hope all the Welsh fans sing it loud and proud at the next game," Dr Lee Shepherd said. Dave F wrote: "So, Men of Harlech next to be banned, along with Swing Low and Flower of Scotland I guess. What a total farce." (sic) Other fans explained they would no longer be listening to the Tom Jones' hit. @RoyLlowarch said: "I am 67 years old and remember the original by Tom Jones but much preferred the cover by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. Until today I had no idea that the song was about murdering a woman! I will not be watching and listening to it anymore." Gav Robinson wrote: "Congratulations @WelshRugbyUnion for bringing this to my attention. I like many others would sing along with joy at the chorus of Delilah, blissfully unaware of what the song was about. I shall do so no more." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.