Kate, the Princess of Wales, has defied critics by discussing the effect the cost of living crisis has on a child's upbringing in a new video with radio DJ Roman Kemp. The royal has come under fire this week for failing to mention the impact of financial constraints on childcare as she launched her new early years campaign, Shaping Us. But the issue was addressed in her seven-minute long video with the popular Capital FM breakfast host as Kate continued her efforts to promote her new initative. The pair, who look at ease in each other's company, discussed a wealth of topics, including suicide, mental health and the royal's new campaign, Shaping Us as they walked round Kemp's family home in Herfordshire. Near the end of the video Kate and Kemp sit in an outbuilding as they discuss Kate's new early years campaign, which aims at raising the profile of the early years development of children. The radio host told Kate he was luckly that "the best part of my life is my family" but said others aren't always so lucky. "All you have to do is look around, especially, you know, at the country, and see people are not just struggling with raising kids, they're struggling with just putting a roof avoe their heads, to be able to heat their house," he said. "So, all of those things can come into play."  Responding, Kate said: "Yes, absolutely. And this is the thing, is that every family is different." It comes after Kate's Shaping Us campaign was criticised for ignoring the ongoing impact of the cost of living crisis on childcare, as families are forced to decide between food and fuel. Critics asked how parents can focus on wellbeing when they're struggling with bills.  As the Princess of Wales launched her new early childhood plan in Leeds on Tuesday, she was criticised for being out of touch with how the current economic climate is impacting childhood. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'behaved like a bully' in pursuit of 'revenge'   Royal commentator Afua Hagan told Express.co.uk it was imperative that the cost of living crisis is at least touched upon during the course of Kate's campaign. "If you are talking about supporting the first five years of a child’s life, without linking that to the cost of living crisis and what’s happenign now, it doesn’t make any sense," she said. Ms Hagan added: "If shes going to genuinely make it her life’s work she needs to dig into the issues that are affecting people when it comes to raising your kids.” A campaign group held similar criticism, and said long-term investment is required - not simply "awareness". DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'can expect same treatment as Beatrice' [COMMENT]Prince Harry frustrated 'no apology to Meghan has been made' [DETAILS]Harry and Meghan break cover for first time since attacking Firm [LIVEBLOG]  Dr Mine Conkbayir, a member of the Practitioners of the Early Years Sector, told Sky News: "The time has long passed for 'awareness'. We need action - long-term investment and funding in the early years." She added: "Childcare providers are having to turn to food charities to provide nutritious meals for children while stagnant government funding still is not being directed to the sector - the paltry government funding of early years that is provided does not cover the provision of any food."  The film starts with the pair walking side-by-side as they discuss the importance of mental wellbeing, relationships and how by nurturing children in the earliest years of their life, society can build a nation of healthy happy adults. Kemp talks about his own experiences and discusses how his life changed after the sudden and unexpected death of his best friend, radio producer Joe Lyons Kate tells the radio host that she loved his documentary that he released in 2021 which looked at the mental health crisis affecting young men and revealed he had considered taking his own life after battling depression for more than a decade.  During the film, Kate said highlighting the importance of early childhood was not about putting "extra pressure" on parents, but saying they needed "help reprioritising family life". The chat between Kate and the radio host forms part of the promotional push of her new campaign, Shaping Us, that she launched at the start of the week. Her new iniative, that builds on her previous work in the sector, is an ambitious campaign described as her "life's work" and aimed at raising the profile of the early years development of children. Kate outlined the scope of her campaign, promoted this week by a series of events and videos, during a reception on Monday, describing it as a long-term project beginning with how a child develops and the importance of the formative years. She said it will go on to "explore in more depth the importance of a child's social and emotional world" and the significance of relationships and "surroundings and experiences". "And of course, by understanding our own childhoods - what has shaped our own beliefs, relationships, behaviours and feelings - we, as adults, are better placed to play our part in positively shaping future generations," the princess added.  