Jake Paul and Tommy Fury will finally settle their long-running bitter feud in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. The showdown is two years in the making after two scheduled bouts were scrapped, but the duo will finally touch gloves this weekend ahead of their highly-anticipated duel in the desert.   Tommy - the half-brother of WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury - has a huge weight of expectation going into the fight as he looks to extend his 8-0 professional record. The 23-year-old has been adamant that Paul will prove no contest in the big-money fight and has vowed to end his rival's boxing career in the Gulf State. But Paul, while inexperienced, has headlined multiple huge shows already and the duo have been tipped by many as evenly matched, as the American maverick gears up for his first fight against an athlete with a traditional boxing background. And the ‘Problem Child’ has an extra incentive to beat Fury after learning that he will receive an official world ranking in the cruiserweight division if he defeats the Brit in their eight-round 185lb catchweight bout. READ MORE: Tyson Fury's dad sends sinister warning to Deontay Wilder as fourth fight bashed  "Jake has dedication and respect for the sport," a WBC spokesperson said. "The WBC will not tolerate discrimination against anyone, he deserves the opportunities that any other boxer has.” The third scheduled fight between Paul and Fury is set to take place in the Diriyah Arena in Saudi, the venue where Anthony Joshua got his revenge against Andy Ruiz in a heavyweight title rematch in 2019. The showdown on Sunday February 26 will be broadcast exclusively in the UK on BT Sport Box Office. Fans will have to pay £19.95 to access the pay-per-view fight, with the BT Sport coverage set to get under way at 6:30pm. DON'T MISSInside Floyd Mayweather's houses, jets and girlfriend news after amounting £400m fortuneDavid Haye responds to Katherine Ryan after comedian DM'd him to ask if he's in a throupleMauricio Lara admits to spitting on Josh Warrington in furious clash after Wood win  The ringwalks for the main event are not expected to take place until 9pm. UK viewers do not need a BT Sport subscription to watch the fight. US viewers, meanwhile, can watch the fight card on ESPN+ PPV. A WBC cruiserweight title clash between Ilunga Makabu and Badou Jack promises some high-quality boxing on the undercard to Paul vs Fury. There is also an opportunity in the bright lights for another internet sensation as Youtuber Adam Saleh returns to the ring on Sunday. Full undercard (Subject to change) Ilunga Makabu vs Badou Jack (WBC cruiserweight title fight) Ziyad Almaayouf vs Janos Penzes Muhsin Cason vs Taryel Jafarov Bader Samreen vs Viorel Simion Adam Saleh vs Stuart Kellogg