Today, the central bank said it would be raising its base rate to four percent this month in a continued effort to combat high inflation. Its target is two percent, while inflation continues to run way above this level at 10.5 percent at present. But one expert has suggested the Bank has not taken the correct decisions recently. Professor Alan Sked, founder of UKIP, and professor of international history at LSE, weighed in on the latest decision. He said: “Bank of England raises interest rate to four percent. “It was far too slow in recognising the spike in inflation. Now it is too ready to suppress it once it is falling.” READ MORE: Interest rates rise for 10th time to 4% as Bank of England acts Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, suggested the Bank was “following the script” by announcing a 10th consecutive interest rate rise, which he added “won’t come as a shock to those who follow financial news”. Indeed, Jonathan Moyes, head of investment research at Wealth Club, said the latest decision was a move by the Bank to “play it safe” this month. However, the outlook for the economy continues to remain bleak, added one expert, as the Bank fights the fires of inflation and other challenges. Tom Stevenson, investment director for personal investing at Fidelity, warned Britain has the “worst of both worlds” when it comes to the economy at the moment. He explained: “The battle with prices is by no means won on either side of the Atlantic but the risks of slowing the economy too far and fast are mounting. DON'T MISSState pension triple lock 'not sustainable' [INSIGHT]'Many options to avoid' paying £159 TV licence [UPDATE]Pensioners in 25 countries may receive boost worth up to £600 [EXPLAINED] “The UK arguably has the worst of both worlds - persistent wage inflation at the same time as the economy struggles with a weakening housing market and soft consumer confidence.  That may force the Bank into a holding pattern for the rest of the year.” Inflation, he added, does appear to be “rolling over”, and heading as low as four percent by the end of the year. This was reflected by the Bank’s official statement which stated it expected inflation “to fall quickly” this year. It stressed “low and stable inflation is vital for a healthy economy”, and reinforced its goal to reach a two percent target. Dr Mohammad Mahbubur Rahman, lecturer in economics at the University of Salford Business School, also gave his take on the situation, especially given concerns about recession. READ MORE: 'Loved ones may lose everything unless you write will now He said: “During times of recession, just focusing on the monetary policy will be less effective in recovering the economy if increases in inflation rate cannot be stopped. This should be done by raising the aggregate supply of outputs. Then, once the inflation rate falls, the nominal interest rate will fall in tandem.” Marcus Brookes, chief investment officer at Quilter Investors, issued another warning when it comes to the matter going forward. He added: “Calls for a pause or pivot from the Bank will only grow louder in order to prevent a deeper economic malaise. But with inflation still so stubbornly high, the Bank of England is keen to reinforce that the job is far from done. It may be the Bank of England is happy to allow a shallow, but prolonged, recession take place in order to tame inflation.” Garry White, chief investment commentator at Charles Stanley, appeared to agree, gesturing towards the prediction recently made by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) about the UK. He stated: “The UK’s economic outlook is one of the worst in the developed world, with the IMF recently forecasting that the UK economy will contract by 0.6 percent this year, reflecting tighter fiscal and monetary policies and financial conditions and still-high energy retail prices weighing on household budgets. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “The central bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) must navigate high inflation and a tight labour market, alongside poor economic growth forecasts. “This carries many risks – and a deep recession could be harder to avoid in the UK than elsewhere. That’s probably why two members of the MPC vote to keep rates at 3.5 percent with no increase.” When it comes to the economy, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has weighed in with a level of resistance. He said the Government will not heed to calls for new tax cuts or increased spending, despite a suggestion the economy is improving. Mr Hunt said: “We will play our part…by resisting the urge to fund additional spending or tax cuts through borrowing. This will only add fuel to the inflation fire.”