Storm Otto will hit the UK today, with the Met Office warning the storm will cause widespread travel chaos. The first named storm of 2023 has arrived with a bang, with explosive winds reaching 70mph in some places. Air and rail services are already buckling under the pressure, with ferries also cancelled as Otto made landfall this morning. Planes due to land at Leeds Bradford Airport failed to touch the tarmac, with high winds preventing their arrival. The Yorkshire Post reported that flights arriving from Poland - namely Karakow, Warsaw and Wroclaw - bore the brunt of the initial disruption. Millions of Britons face additional chaos, with warnings raising the added possibility that they could lose power to their homes. Met Office weather forecasters have issued a series of warnings for the UK today, outlining perilous conditions caused by Otto. READ MORE: Met Office forecasts 70mph wind to batter nation after weather warning The agency has placed two yellow warnings for wind over Scotland and England. Scotland's comes with a "danger to life", and commenced from 3am today. The country is anticipating the strongest winds, up to 80 mph in some places. The warning states: "A spell of very strong winds is expected to affect Scotland during Friday morning, easing from the west during the afternoon." "Gusts of 60 to 70 mph are likely, and possibly as high as 80 mph for exposed coasts and hills, particularly for the far north and northeast of mainland Scotland and Orkney." Scots will need to watch out for danger from flying debris, with the added possibility that the wind could damage buildings, cancel public transport services, and close roads and bridges. The Met Office warned those living on the coast to watch out for additional danger from large waves and beach material hurled onto the shoreline. The winds also bring the chance of power cuts that affect other services, including mobile phone coverage. The warning for England encompasses a strip of the east coast from the Midlands to the northeast. Conditions in the area won't prove as dangerous, but the Met Office has issued a "danger to life" warning as maximum wind speeds could reach 75 mph. The warning states: "A spell of very strong winds is expected during Friday morning, easing from the west during the afternoon. "Winds will be strongest over, and immediately to the east of high ground, with gusts of 55-65 mph." "Gusts as high as 75 mph are possible, particularly for some of the more exposed trans-Pennine routes. High-sided vehicles may be particularly impacted." England's warning ends at 2pm, and comes with the added danger of power cuts and building damage.