Human remains found on marshland are believed to belong to a teenager who went missing four months ago, police say. Formal identification has not yet taken place but detectives leading the search for a 17-year-old known only as Freddy believe they are his.    The remains were located by a member of the public on Steart Marshes in Bridgwater, Somerset, on Monday.   Freddy went missing from his family’s home in nearby Stolford on September 20.   More than 100 police officers and staff were involved in the search to find him and were supported by the coastguard, RNLI, and BARB Search and Rescue.   Specialist police search advisors co-ordinating the efforts with numerous police resources, including the helicopter, drone unit and specialist search dogs being used.   Detective Inspector Claire Millington said: “This is not the news we wanted to deliver to Freddy’s family and our thoughts are very much with them at this difficult time."   "We’d like to thank the public for all their calls and help with our appeals as we continued to hope he would be found safe. “We’d also like to thank all our partners for their support in the search. “While the cause of death is unexplained pending a port-mortem examination, we do not believe it to be suspicious.  “We will continue to provide Freddy’s family with support as we carry out enquiries on behalf of the coroner.” READ MORE: Turkish citizens volunteer to join and train with Putin's troops  People have been paying tribute to Freddy on social media. Caz Carey wrote: "Absolutely heartbreaking. Thoughts go all of Freddies family and friends. "Sending love and strength. R.I.P young man xx." Ruby Scarlett posted: "Oh god poor little darling. Only 17, absolutely heartbreaking." Nicky Parham wrote: "Was so hoping he would be found safe and well xx." Helen Wild commented: "I’m so sorry to hear this. Thoughts go to his family. "Freddie was a lovely young man and will be fondly remembered by my son." DON'T MISSPutin facing economic devastation as graph reveals European gas trend [REPORT]'All over the place' Sturgeon urged to resign in trans rapist row [ANALYSIS]Sadiq Khan confronted by heckler furious at ULEZ expansion [WATCH]  Jacqui Letheby said: "Oh no such a young life gone too soon. Thoughts go out to his poor family. "RIP Freddy fly high with the angels young man." Lynette Kurle said: "So sad and sorry to read this terrible news. Freddy was such a bright, intelligent, talented, lovely, thoughtful young man. "My heart goes to all his family and friends at this time of deep loss and heartbreaking grief." And Sally Gilroy commented: "Rest peacefully now lad. "Thoughts with Freddy's family, friends and all our emergency services that did there best to locate this dear lad." 