London North Eastern Railway (LNER) has found some of the UK’s most picturesque spots for a staycation. The team suggested five alternative destinations to visit instead of the most popular spots such as Edinburgh and York. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares packing essential that ‘people swear by’ Harrogate was crowned the UK’s top alternative staycation destination for 2023 and one of the country's best hidden gems. A spokesperson from LNER said: “Often called the ‘jewel of the north’, the charming Victorian spa town offers a peaceful atmosphere, while providing a range of things to do. “Harrogate boasts four shopping districts, exquisite award-winning gardens, and their very own Turkish baths. Not forgetting the iconic Betty’s tearoom!” A trip to Harrogate’s Turkish Baths could be the perfect staycation treat for a couple or a gift for Mother’s Day. Alnwick in Northumberland took the second spot on the list and is just over an hour from Newcastle by train. The spokesperson said: “Nestled in the heart of Northumberland, Alnwick is known for its unspoilt beauty, boasting spectacular coastlines, castles and cobbled streets. “Visit the famed Alnwick Castle, featured in the Harry Potter movies, explore its beautifully kept gardens, or have a brisk walk along the long sandy beaches of Alnmouth.” Alnwick is close to some of the country’s most beautiful beaches, but tourists might want to take an umbrella. READ MORE: Wizz Air named UK’s worst short-haul airline - full list Lincoln took third place on the list and is best known for its historic Cathedral, a Grade 1 listed building. Tourists could also learn more about the city’s history on a guided tour of Lincoln Castle or enjoy a night out at a local jazz cafe. A lesser-known Scottish gem, Pitlochry, took the fourth place on LNER’s alternative staycation list. The spokesperson said: “Pitlochry is surrounded by a vast range of mountains, making for incredible views, once drawing the likes of Queen Victoria herself.” The final spot on the list was Berwick-upon-Tweed, an Elizabethan town just a short journey from the Scottish border. The spokesperson said: “The walls completely encircle the town offering mesmerising views of the three bridges across the River Tweed, the beautiful Georgian buildings on the waterfront, and of Bamburgh and Lindisfarne Castles on the distant coast.” The beautiful town is just a 42 minute train ride from both Newcastle and Edinburgh, and makes a great alternative staycation spot. David Flesher, commercial director at LNER, said: “We firmly believe that there’s no need to jet off on an expensive European city break when we have so many wonderful places to visit easily by train on our doorsteps. “With the historic cathedral of Durham just three hours from London and the iconic Edinburgh Princes Street Gardens two hours from York, there are plenty of spots to discover with your loved ones.”