Lewis Hamilton has addressed Sir Jim Ratcliffe's interest in acquiring Manchester United in a takeover bid and claims he is "aware" of the billionaire's progress amid reports of a potential bid. The Formula One star has delved into the idea of investing in football clubs before and appeared to indicate that Britain's richest man Ratcliffe is plotting to make an offer for the Premier League giants. Several parties have been linked with a possible takeover of the club, who are currently owned by the Glazer family since they acquired the club for £790million in 2005. Those reported to be interested include Elon Musk, while the Emir of Qatari is thought to have explored taking control of the club. But as it stands, Ineos CEO Ratcliffe is the only figure to have made his interest public ahead of a potential takeover bid. And Hamilton, whose team Mercedes are sponsored by Ratcliffe's company, believes he has the inside lane on what Ratcliffe is thinking amid reports he is set to submit a formal offer. READ MORE: Qatar had long discussions over Leeds bid before Man Utd takeover plan “I am very close with Jim so I am aware of where is at [with United]," Hamilton said. “We talk a lot about football as he is very passionate about it. "We have great discussions about what his team is doing, we talk about how Arsenal is playing. Obviously he is from Manchester so that is his dream home… where he comes from. But there is no further information I can give you on that.” Ratcliffe, 70, is estimated to have a net worth of around £12.6 billion ($15.1bn), which would make him three times as wealthy as Chelsea owner Todd Boehly, who completed his takeover of the west London club in May 2022. DON'T MISSDave Whelan worth more than Neymar and nearly bought Man Utd for £12mMan Utd sent message over 'perfect owners' as Liverpool shows realityUEFA decide on blocking Qatari Man Utd takeover amid possible hurdle The overall cost of that deal has somewhat inflated the value of other Premier League clubs, with the Glazers reportedly asking for around £6bn to sell United. And their valuation has put off a lot of potential investors, given that the modernisation of Old Trafford could cost in excess of £1bn on top of the price. It remains to be seen whether Ratcliffe - whose company Ineos is also the majority owner of French club OGC Nice - would be willing to invest such a large amount. But if Ratcliffe does require some financial aid from other investors to complete the deal, it remains possible that Hamilton could join his consortium. The 38-year-old has a net worth of around £237m ($285m) and is already the part-owner of NFL franchise Denver Broncos. He was also involved in Sir Martin Broughton's Chelsea bid before Boehly's offer was accepted. And he has already addressed the prospect of owning a small share of a football team, suggesting it is something he wants to be a part of. "Jim's part boss but partner – I'd say we're more partners because we're in this together and I hope in future to do something with Jim and build with him," Hamilton said in January. "I don't know where that will be or what that will be, so I can't really say. "I haven't had a call from him asking if I want to be involved in [a United takeover bid] just yet, but I do want to get more and more involved in teams because I really do believe in black ownership – there is a lack of it in sports – and black equity. Again, there is a real lack of that." 