Florida State Fair revellers were left fearing for their lives after a ride malfunctioned and left them stuck upside down in their carts. Footage from the fair shows the Ferris wheel-like ride slowing down, releasing the carts from their position and making them swing uncontrollably. The ride, known as the Enterprise, does not have seatbelts or harnesses as it exploits centripetal force to keep riders in place when it functions regularly. Brandi Freymuller, who captured the moment the ride started malfunctioning, can be heard shouting as the incident unravels. She said: "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. Just f****ng stop this. This is traumatizing." Freymuller later said: "I was originally live on TikTok but I had to stop it because I was afraid of one of the kids falling out because there is no seatbelts, no harnesses. "The ride is meant to keep you with gravity and because there was nothing keeping those kids in the cart, we really thought they were going to fall out." JUST IN: Russia 'carried out Satan II missile test' when Biden was in Kyiv She said the incident showed rides should be equipped with extra safety checks, saying the death of a 14-year-old boy last year should have prompted changes. Straight-As student Tyre Samson of Missouri died after falling from the Free Fall attraction at Orlando's ICON Park on March 24, 2022. Freymuller told Fox35 Orlando: "After what happened to Tyre Samson in Orlando, I feel like every ride should have an extra step of safety check because he thought he was safe. "And I thought that ride was safe because it has metal bars keeping you in but you're stuck in the air there's nothing keeping you in that thing." READ MORE: Donald Trump's 'connection' with King Charles could seal post-Brexit UK-US trade deal  One of the riders said the experience was an "absolute nightmare" as she was left "holding on for dear life to the bars" as they were evacuated from the ride. The Fair, an annual event held at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa, said no major injuries were reported but some of the riders suffered bumps and bruises because of the Enterprise malfunctioning. Manager Frank Zaitshick, from Wade Shows and Midway, said the malfunction took place after the safety mechanisms were activated, which caused the ride to shut down as designed." He added: "We swiftly began exiting guests from the ride, in the most safe and timely manner. DON'T MISSWoman is kicked in head by moose [VIDEO]Biden informed Putin of his visit to Ukraine ahead of time [ANALYSIS]Skeletal remains of student missing for 47 years found in car [INSIGHT] "All safety and emergency protocols were followed. A thorough inspection will be conducted into what triggered the safety mechanisms." Despite the reassurances from managers, Freymuller said she is unlikely to ride the attraction or any other rides again. She said: "I'll go for the shows, not rides. We've got Busch Gardens, it's not set up every other week. "I can't trust those rides anymore. I'm not feeling that because that was my favourite ride." Only days before the Enterprise ride malfunctioned, state fair revellers had reported issues with another ride that resulted in "two sprained ankles. Eve Shoffstall wrote on Facebook: "Florida state fair ended up being a nightmare. "As one of the rides we were on… 6ft metal hatch fell open as we were spinning sideways. Each time it would slam shut tons of bulbs would burst all over us then the lid would come flying open towards us. "I would stop it with my feet, more bulbs would burst. It was spinning so fast I knew the hinge holding it couldn’t last long under that constant jarring." She added: "We were screaming on the ride and Bryon was down on the ground screaming to shut the ride down. He said bits of broken bulbs were raining down and he was terrified." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews