Liverpool return to Premier League action on Saturday night as they travel to Selhurst Park to take on Crystal Palace (kick-off 7.45pm). The Reds have endured a dismal campaign and will have a point to prove in the capital after being thumped 5-2 at Anfield by Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday night. And Express Sport takes a look at how Jurgen Klopp could line his team up. Goalkeeper - Alisson Alisson was guilty of having a rare shocker against Real as he was helpless to stop the visitors scoring goal after goal. The Brazil international made a huge blunder for Real’s second goal as his attempted clearance was charged down by Vinicius Junior before nestling in the back of the net. And Alisson will be looking to make amends against Palace. Defence - Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson Klopp may be forced to change his back four after Joe Gomez sustained a hamstring injury against Madrid. Gomez was powerless to halt the Real attackers and could be replaced by Joel Matip if he isn’t passed fit for the trip to south London. Virgil van Dijk will be aiming to return to his best form against the Eagles after flattering to deceive last time out. Meanwhile, Andy Robertson will be hoping to keep the left-back shirt away from Kostas Tsimikas, despite starting eight of his side’s last nine matches in all competitions. And Trent Alexander-Arnold could be tasked with providing creativity from the right flank once again. JUST IN: Arsenal 'to hand Saka mega pay rise' as new contract almost agreed Midfield - Bajcetic, Elliott, Keita The Liverpool midfield was utterly dominated against their Spanish rivals in midweek, with Fabinho and Jordan Henderson in particular failing to stamp their authority on the match. Youngster Stefan Bajcetic has impressed since being thrusted into Klopp’s starting team and could retain his place against Palace, while Harvey Elliott and Naby Keita could be handed rare opportunities to shine from the off. DON'T MISS Man Utd hero Paul Scholes offers title verdict after Barcelona winCryptocurrency firm with links to MPs and footballers vanishesLionel Messi was left gobsmacked by Arsenal player's comments  Forwards - Salah, Jota, Nunez The Liverpool attack lacked a cutting edge against Real, despite scoring two early goals although, in all fairness, they were starved of chances once the away team kicked into gear. Mohamed Salah was arguably the Reds’ best player during the visit of Carlo Ancelotti’s men as he scored a goal after assisting Darwin Nunez’s early strike. And he should be Klopp’s main goal threat in London. Klopp’s team are nowhere near as prolific this season as they have been in the past. And the German has to decide whether Diogo Jota is ready for a start through the middle. Jota has recently returned after missing four months of action with a calf injury. But he has provided the team with a huge goalscoring threat in seasons gone by. And Klopp may just decide to select the Portugal international from the outset, with Nunez moving to left wing in place of January signing Cody Gakpo. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper./news/uk/1736226/william-hill-free-bet-Man-Utd-Newcastle 