A devastated Newcastle United fan jokingly put his dog up "for sale” on social media after it destroyed his cup final tickets. Alan Carling was already upset after seeing his beloved team team lose 0-2 at home to Liverpool on Saturday.    Goalkeeper Nick Pope was sent off during that match, meaning that he will be suspended for the Carabao Cup final against Manchester United on Sunday. But Mr Carling still had high hopes for the clash at Wembley until he got home and saw that his dog Rudy chewed up the tickets as soon as they came through the letterbox. He jokingly announced on social media that he would sell his Golden Retriever for a fiver. Mr Carling said: "This is my dog Rudy. Rudy is a little b****** of a pup and thinks letters through the post are an invasion of his home."    He added: "After coming back from watching Newcastle lose at home for the first time this season against Liverpool, conceding two goals and having the keeper sent off in the first half. "Rudy thought he would give me a laugh by eating the Wembley tickets that were posted whilst I was out. Dog for sale, £5 o.n.o." ITV News reports that Sunday’s game will be the lifelong Toon fan’s first trip to London. Tickets for the cup final are going for thousands of pounds online so he began to laugh when he saw his in pieces all over the floor. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak slams airbrushing of Roald Dahl books   He said: "I just started laughing as I was picking up all the tickets. "What’s the point in being angry?" Thankfully after calling Newcastle United yesterday morning it seems he might be able to go to the game after all. He has been asked to take what remains of the tickets to the ticket office with identification to verify they are genuine. Mr Carling said: "I'll take ID, proof of address. I'd give them a blood sample. I'd do anything. “They can't print them off at St James' so I'll have to pick them up at Wembley on the Sunday. It's a nervy wait." DON'T MISSTeacher with size Z breasts insists they’re real [PICTURED]Biden enters Ukraine via train for 'historic' meeting [REPORT]Kate Forbes says she would have voted against gay marriage [ANALYSIS]   Eleven-month-old Rudy is about to begin training to become a therapy dog for autistic children and Mr Carling's wife Jessica said he has been forgiven after consuming "the most expensive treat he’s ever had". The last time the Toon Army faced the Red Devils at Wembley was in the FA Cup final back in 1999. Sadly for the Magpies, goals from Teddy Sheringham and Paul Scholes gave Manchester United a 2-0 win to claim their 10th FA Cup title. The win was the second part of the hat trick of trophies Manchester United won during the 1998-99 season. They completed the treble four days later when they won the Champions League by beating Bayern Munich 2-1.   