  TalkTV host Piers Morgan, 57, took to Twitter this evening to criticise King Charles, 74, after he met with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, 64. The former Good Morning Britain presenter claimed it looked like the monarch was “taking sides” following the news of a new Brexit deal between the EU and the UK on Northern Ireland.     In view of his 8.4 million followers, Morgan wrote: “Hmmmm, not the best day to be doing this. “Makes King Charles look like he’s taking sides on Brexit debate - and he vowed not to play politics as Monarch.” The journalist shared an earlier tweet from the President of the European Commission, who had shared a picture of herself shaking hands with the King. “It was an honour and a pleasure meeting His Majesty The King, Charles III, at Windsor Castle,” she penned.     “We discussed the joint challenges the EU and UK face as historic partners and our joint duties. “Unwavering support for Ukraine and fighting global climate change.” Piers’ followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts on his verdict. @MGGardenServic1 wrote sarcastically: “Maybe it’s me, but I ‘assumed’ King Charles was doing his best to promote Britain and its interests to one of our trading partners, perhaps I'm wrong.”     While Molly added: “The government asked him so I’d take that up with Sunak.” @bellebells7 commented: “I don’t find this unusual or unacceptable at all. KCIII is the Head of State. It’s international diplomacy.” (sic) Ernie argued: “I suppose your comment just confirms that people see what they want to see!!” “No it doesn’t. You’re just trying to make it look that way,” added Craig. READ MORE... Dan Walker explains why he didn't use cycle lane after accident [INSIGHT] Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' [NEWS] Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash [NEWS]       “The King meets leaders as they are here in the UK, not because of why they are here.” Piers’ comments come as Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has hailed a “new chapter” in Britain’s relationship with the EU following his meeting with von der Leyen. A new deal has been formed today to tackle the ongoing dispute about trading rules in Northern Ireland in a post-Brexit world. It is hoped that this new alliance will help smooth tensions and improve trading.      During a press conference today, Sunak described the deal as a “decisive breakthrough”. Many Tory MPs backed the agreement, while the DUP also noted that there had been “significant progress”. However, the party warned that there are still some "key issues of concern". DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has said the party will hold off on their decision on whether to support the game-changing deal until they have thoroughly examined the legal text.  