Sir Brian May and Roger Taylor have kept Queen going with their singing collaborator Adam Lambert over 50 years on since the band formed. This is particularly impressive given that it’s been decades since Freddie Mercury’s death and John Deacon’s retirement from the music industry. The guitarist himself regularly looks back fondly on the band’s original two decades together and most recently has posted some backstage footage from 1977’s News Of The World tour. Reminiscent of Peter Jackson’s recent behind-the-scenes documentary The Beatles: Get Back, the unearthed footage captures Freddie, Brian, Roger and John rehearsing and hanging out backstage almost half a century ago. The News of the World tour ran from November 1977 to May 1978 across North America, Europe and the UK. Fans in the comments even called on the guitar legend to have the 1977 tour clips cleaned up and turned into a film for fans to enjoy just like the Disney+ one on the Fab Four. Sir Brian wrote on his Instagram of his excitement to relive such moments that bring back precious memories, highlighting and paying tribute to Queen’s roadies. Sir Brian wrote on Instagram: “I’ve been a bit mesmerised by this little clip posted by @melina_brianqueen - (thanks - I told you I might have to pinch it !) It stirs so many memories from long-forgotten corners of my mind. A moment in time, in rehearsals for a very early tour, grabbing a sandwich, some orange juice, finding things to smile about, laugh about, think about. You might not recognise … in the red top, John Harris - our very first Queen roadie, a great soul dedicated to his calling - in the off-white top. Big Rich - super guitar tech of his day, poached from Mott the Hoople, but now sadly gone to Heaven. And next to him a young lad who came with him from Mott, universally known as Ratty, who handled Freddie’s microphones, etc.” The 75-year-old was particularly taken by a shot of the singer on guitar. READ MORE: Paul McCartney, Queen beaten in UK's biggest music earners of 2022 Sir Brian added: “In the pale blue Queen shirt, Roger’s Drum roadie of the time, known as Crystal. The other young guys I think you will recognise. But how unusual to see the particular guitar Freddie is picking out a riff on … So tell me - what tour was this ? What was the date ? And where did this clip surface from ? Enjoy. Cheers all - Bri.”