Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, travel experts shared the scenic destinations loved by King Charles III, Queen Camilla and previous generations of the monarch. Staycations are the perfect solution for those looking to get away without going abroad and are ideal for busy members of the Royal Family who have little time to spare. While Charles has a host of Crown Estate properties and holdings at his disposal across the UK, there are plenty of other destinations that have hosted the monarch. These are the "vibrant" spots you can visit for a low-cost trip in the British Isles this summer. Just like the rest of us, the royals, including Prince William and Kate Middleton, spend time away on holiday in the warmer months. One of the most popular destinations enjoyed by the Prince and Princess of Wales, along with their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis, are the beautiful Isles of Scilly. The idyllic spot is located southwest of Cornwall, England, 25 to 36 miles off Land's End. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk a spokesperson for Discover Ferries said: "HRH Prince and Princess of Wales holidayed on Tresco in 2020 and 2021. READ MORE: The UK’s favourite historical English Heritage city is ‘fantastic’ "The Isles of Scilly are part of the Duchy of Cornwall and therefore owned by the Duke of Cornwall, which was King Charles III, but is now Prince William." Though it was enjoyed more recently by the direct heirs to the throne, the cluster of islands has been a long-standing "favourite" for Charles. In 1977, the then Prince of Wales arrived on the Scillonian ship, which was purpose-built for the Steamship Company as the third passenger ship of this name. Tucked away on Tresco Island is Tamarisk, a beautiful mid-1960s cottage that hosts the royals when they visit. DON'T MISS...Harry chose 'nastiest, dirtiest, cheapest' method to vent frustration [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's political hopes 'completely destroyed' [ANALYSIS]Prince Andrew could follow Harry and Meghan by moving to US [REVEAL] The home stands in a plot of a quarter of an acre, largely hidden from view by tamarisk trees to protect their privacy. If you want to visit the popular destination yourself, there is a wide selection of hotels ranging in size and rating. Whether you need to be centrally based in High Town on St Mary’s or want a more tranquil retreat, accommodation on Tresco oozes luxury and sophistication. You can rent a beach-side home or try one of the many traditional Scillonian cottages dotted across the island. If you're on a lower budget, the Isle of Wight is another place to add to your list - specifically Osbourne House. READ MORE: Top adventure holiday activities - like hiking and wildlife safaris A travel expert at Red Funnel Ferries said: "The Isle of Wight is a vibrant island teeming with history and culture, full of beautiful heritage sites that gives you a brilliant insight into some of Britain’s rich history. "The Island was the holiday residence of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, and you can get an intimate glimpse into royal life with the private apartments and grand reception rooms at Osborne House." The stunning property offers something for everyone and a memorable day out for all. After all, the Queen herself once said: “It’s impossible to imagine a prettier spot!" More recently, the estate was visited by Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. The Isle of Wight is especially perfect for a staycation, as the one-hour Red Funnel vehicle ferry crossing via Southampton gives you that "going abroad" feeling - only without the need for a passport or the stress of airport security and baggage collection. In the Channel Islands, the Queen Victoria Tower is not to be missed if you're heading there for a staycation. The Discover Ferries expert said: "Built to commemorate Queen Victoria’s visit, the 360 views at the top are only accessible to those in the know. Visitors can grab the key for free from the Candie Gardens but only have 30 mins to scale the tower and take in the sights. Well worth the race against time. " The Hebrides islands are another royal favourite for the family to go whale spotting. According to the Discover Ferries expert, visitors can follow the late Queen and Princess Anne’s lead and seek out Minke whales off the West coast of Scotland. They said: "Wildlife can be tracked using Discover Ferries’ wildlife map, powered by marine charity ORCA, and even without the Royal Yacht Britannia, visitors can spot whales from Caledonain MacBrayne ferries." 