Boxing legend Floyd Mayweather will be boxing on UK soil for the first time when he takes on former Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers in an exhibition match-up at London’s 02 Arena on Saturday night. The 45-year-old’s latest fight marks his first return to the ring since his surreal fight with Youtuber Deji, younger brother of KSI, in Dubai last year. Chalmers, who is ten years Mayweather’s junior, is best known for appearing in the reality TV show Geordie Shore between 2014 and 2018, but has gone on to compete in several MMA contests since joining the mixed martial arts promotion company Bellator in 2017. The eight round middleweight clash is set to take place on Saturday, February 25 and is being held at the 02 Arena in London. The ring walks for the main event are scheduled for around 10pm GMT but times will depend on the undercard. UK viewers can catch the bout live on the Zeus Network. The pay-per-view will cost £24.88, with fans able to watch it on the Zeus website or app. You can keep up to date with all of the latest news surrounding the fight here on Express Sport. MUST READTommy Fury and Jake Paul stats show one fighter is clearly a more devastating puncherFloyd Mayweather had 'bloody nose and swolen eye' after being taught lesson in sparringKSI 'ducked again' as MMA star Dillon Danis fails to show up for organised street meeting Floyd Mayweather vs Aaron Chalmers Natalie Nunn vs Tommie Lee Ulysses Diaz vs Khalas Karim J’Hon Ingram vs Declan Kenna Antonio Zepeda vs Christopher Lovejoy Kevin Johnson vs Mike Hales DON'T MISS Tommy Fury's dad makes Jake Paul U-turn with surprise admission before fight  Chalmers cut a confident figure as the opponents met for the first time at Wednesday’s press conference, claiming to have left ‘no stone unturned’ in his preparation. "I’m not going to give anything away, I’m just excited.” The 35-year-old said. “I know his [Mayweather's] jab is unbelievable, can I handle that jab? You’ll find that out on Saturday. “I’ve tried to be sharp and fit, I’ve got a nutritionist and there’s no stone unturned when facing Floyd.” Mayweather shared his excitement of competing in the UK, whilst exuding the calmness and poise which characterised much of his storied professional career. He said: "It’s great to be back in the UK performing and entertaining, dream come true. I’ve been coming to the UK since 1993 – it’s good to be over here. "I’ve got so much experience at the highest level. I’ve fought at the best events. Experience plays a major part. “I’ve seen everything but you can never overlook a guy or underestimate a guy. He believes in his skills and talent. My job is to entertain and do what I do. I don’t have to have fast hands or feet. The proof is in the pudding." 