DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) investigates both sides of the force in order to find the policeman's killer. The officer had been dealing with family issues, tensions at work and brushes with the underworld. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Phil is played by Matthew Marsh, a 68-year-old English actor who is known for his film roles. He is also the older brother of Jon Marsh, who is in the dance band The Beloved. Matthew has a whole host of TV credits to his name including Knightfall, Humans and Casualty. He has also had guest roles in Father Brown, Endeavour, Grantchester and The Crown.  Gerry is played by Gary Mavers, a 58-year-old actor known for playing GP Andrew Attwood in Peak Practice. He also starred as Will Manning in Casualty between 2004 and 2005. The star took over the role of Gordon Livesy in Emmerdale from 2015 to 2016, where his character was involved in a child abuse storyline.  Naz is played by Nikita Mehta, whose acting career began in 2014. Her credits include A Bird Flew In, Blinded by the Light, Doctors and Goodness Gracious Me. READ MORE: Vera’s Brenda Blethyn 'drenched from head to foot' filming series Jim is played by Bill Blackwood, a 62-year-old actor who started off in the police service. After 20 years he retired on medical grounds and returned to acting in 2015. His credits include Screw, Silent Witness, Doctors and Waterside.  Shane is played by Billy Gunnion, a graduate of the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. His previous credits include Hamlin, The Reunion and The Bastard Son and The Devil Himself.  Deb is played by Lizzie Hopley, a British actress and writer. She has appeared in audio plays based on Doctor Who and she appeared as Margaret Thatcher in The Audience. Ria is played by Jesse Akele, who since graduating in 2018 has starred in The Unnatural Tragedy. Her other credits include Allelujah, Rosie Molloy Gives Up Everything and Call the Midwife.  Kyle is played by Connor Crawford, who has been in the acting business since 2014. His credits include The Doctor Blake Mysteries, Glitch, Molly and The Divorce.  Gary is played by Ellis Eyers, who is just starting out in his acting career. His previous credits include Choose or Die and Masters of the Air. DON'T MISS... Vera star pays tribute to 'amazing team' after missing episodeVera star Jon Morrison is actually younger than lead Brenda BlethynVera will be welcoming a brand new character to replace Dr Malcolm Dean is played by Kem Hassan, who has been acting since he was a child. Later in life, he returned to acting to turn his passion into a paying career. His credits include Mood, Listen, Emmerdale and EastEnders.  Lisa is played by Emily Dowson, who is just beginning her acting career. She has previously starred in Dawn and The Living Dead, and Swipe.  Leanne is played by Nicola Alexis, a British actress best known for playing Ruby Buxton in The Bill. She is also known for her theatre roles, having starred in the theatre adaptation of Carl Hiaasen's Lucky You. The star was cast in the Harry Potter play Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Joel is played by Wolfe Miller, but not much is known about the actor at this time.  Irene is played by Su Elliott, a 72-year-old British actress. Her film roles include The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood and The Girl in a Swing. Viewers may also recognise her from The Worst Witch.  Joanne is played by Rebecca Bowser an actress based in Teesside and London. On Instagram, she said: "You can spot me on Sunday night’s episode of Vera @8pm on ITV1 playing the role of Joanne Sickert. "I filmed this couple of scenes back in June. It was great to work with absolute TV legends on such a well-loved show! "I had a great time and the entire cast and crew were a delight. Here’s me playing it cool by asking for a photo at my trailer door!"  Vera airs on ITV on Sundays at 8pm