According to research from GoCompare Travel Insurance, there are five things British tourists do that really annoy other holidaymakers. From hogging to moaning, some bad behaviour really gets on peoples’ nerves. READ MORE: World's best destination for LGBTQ+ tourists named Over half of British tourists surveyed thought being disrespectful to local residents was the worst thing people could do on holiday. Whether it’s rudeness or ignorance, people hate seeing tourists being unpleasant towards local people. It’s a good idea to learn about a destination’s culture and customs before travelling there on holiday. Tourists may need to pack a shawl if they want to visit a religious building or avoid drinking alcohol in public to show respect. Drunken tourists were also irritating their fellow travellers, with 41 percent describing boozed up Britons as irritating. All-inclusive resorts can be magnets for party loving tourists as they can enjoy as many drinks as they like. Recently, several top Spanish destinations, including Magaluf, introduced strict new drinking laws to try to crackdown on rowdy behaviour. Tourists in the resort face drink limits at hotels and booze cruises and all-you-can-drink deals are banned. READ MORE: Cruise crew member shares the ‘worst behaviour’ Towel hogs were third on the list and the unpopular practice annoyed over 30 percent of Britons. Towel hogging is when tourists wake up early to secure a poolside lounger using their towel and then leave the lounger unattended. Some hotels have even introduced bans on towel hogging and will remove a tourist’s belongings if they’re gone for too long. Videos of tourists racing out to secure a poolside spot as early as 5am have gone viral on social media. Loud holidaymakers took the fourth spot and 35 percent of Britons couldn’t stand holidaying near noisy tourists. Moaning about it being too hot took the fifth spot on the list and managed to annoy just under a quarter of Britons. Ceri McMillan, travel expert at Go.Compare, said: “Saving for a holiday takes a lot of hard work, so it’s infuriating to have your precious time off ruined by another traveller. That’s why we decided to let the nation vent its frustrations and share the top things they find annoying during a getaway. “As well as being irritating, some of the top-ranking issues can actually have significant consequences. For instance, an insurer may not pay out on a claim that arose due to excessive alcohol consumption, and acting irresponsibly at tourist attractions or sacred sites can even result in you getting arrested. So, it’s important to occasionally shine a light on how problematic these pet peeves can be.”