Barcelona fear they could be without as many as four top players for the second leg of their Europa League clash with Manchester United, according to reports. The two teams played out a thrilling 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp on Thursday night. And it means the rematch at Old Trafford next week has the makings of a classic. Barcelona took the lead against United through Marcos Alonso, with the former Chelsea star heading hope the opener in the 50th minute. Yet a strike from Marcus Rashford and Jules Kounde own goal then put turned the tide of the contest and put the Red Devils ahead. In the end, Barcelona secured a draw with Raphinha curling home a late leveller to leave the tie in the balance. However, it was a frustrating night for the La Liga giants. And Mundo Deportivo say Barcelona are now fearful they could be without as many as four key players for the second leg next week. Gavi is one player they’ll certainly be missing, with the Spain international picking up a yellow card and a suspension in the process. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Pedri looks set to be absent, too, with the midfielder limping out of the game before half time. Ousmane Dembele is another player primed to miss the reverse fixture at Old Trafford, with the France international expected to return in two to three weeks. And Sergio Busquets is the fourth player Barcelona are fearful over, with the midfielder last playing in the 3-0 victory over Sevilla earlier in the month. Barcelona had been confident of putting United to the sword given their own impressive performances this season. But the Red Devils were good value for the draw and the game at Old Trafford promises to be a blockbuster occasion. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Speaking after the game, Barcelona boss Xavi provided his verdict on the match by saying: "It was a really tough game, really difficult with a lot of intensity, passion, and rhythm. “I think we have to be proud because we competed really well until the end. “We could have won in the last two chances but we played today against a top team in Europe. “I think Manchester United is coming back and today they showed the best version. “We competed really well, we need to be proud. Now we need to compete well in Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I think both teams are more or less in the same moment, in the same position that we are coming back. “I say to Erik Ten Hag congratulations because his is doing very well, but they are Manchester United. “Yes it can be a final, or semi-final or quarter-final in the future of Champions League but now we are in Europa League, we are coming back and today we show a very good performance from both teams." Erik ten Hag, meanwhile, took aim at the officiating after believing Barcelona star Jules Kounde should have received a red card. “We had a lot of character and determination in this team," he said. “The belief that we had to score the first goal, the meaning of scoring the first goal, is so important, and that’s what we didn’t do. “We turn it around when we were down, and then also I think the refereeing had a big influence in this game. “I think it was a clear foul on Rashy, you can discuss if it’s in or outside the box…” When told it happened outside the box, he continued: “Okay, then it was a red card because he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper so it was a big influence, not only on this game, but in this round. “A referee can’t make such a mistake.”