Rats can nest in the garden as well as in a home, and it can be hard to spot them because they are incredibly smart animals, hiding until it’s too late. Jordan Foster from Fantastic Pest Control, explained: “Rats usually get into your garden because it’s an excellent place to hide and a constant food source. You’ve got to use some serious rat control methods or hire a pro to get rid of the rodents once they’re settled. “Most rats burrow 45cm to 60cm deep but can dig even deeper. However, keep in mind that they can dig their way into a house by digging beneath its foundations. “Your focus should be not only catching the rats, but deterring them. The first thing that comes to mind is poison and traps. Surrounding your garden with traps and position stuff is not very convenient if you have pets and children nearby. “Some organic pest control methods can help you. People have known for quite some time that certain plants are effective at deterring rodents.” This method is effective all year round, but certain plants will work better in the spring and summer months. During the winter months, it is also important to keep gardens clean, storing rubbish away and sheds tidy. READ MORE: 3 gardening ‘mistakes’ which ‘knock thousands’ off your home’s value According to the expert, the smell of mint is “very offensive” to rodents including rats because of its extremely strong smell. Peppermint oil also works great as it contains a potent compound known as menthol, which is thought to irritate rodents’ nasal cavities. Simply place or plant mint in different spots around the garden to provide you with fresh mint all summer long and deter rats. If using the essential oil, it can be dabbed around entry points where rats may enter a garden, shed or home but this will only last for a short period of time. DON'T MISS:Four easy steps to achieve sparkling’ and ‘streak-free’ windows [COMMENT]I put Meaco’s dehumidifier to the test to dry laundry - thoughts [INSIGHT]Kitchen pro shares how to optimise kitchen storage for free [EXPERT] Jordan said planting mint is effective and an “excellent way” to keep rodent infestations at bay. The pest pro said: “The garlic smell is also repulsive to rats. If they get too close to it, they’ll think twice. Try squirting garlic water down a rat burrow.” Britons can place some garlic at entry points in the garden where rodents may enter, and if they get too close to it, they will run away and look for another place to infest. Garlic powder also works great but it may be washed away if the weather is forecast to rain, so only use this if it is dry. READ MORE: Four houseplants ‘most effective’ at removing mould from your home Jordan continued: “Rats rely on their sense of smell to find food and avoid dangerous situations like predators or something repulsive. “Imagine that one of your favourite smells, lavender, can have quite the opposite effect on rats. It can keep them from finding food because of its potent smell. Place it around decks, garden structures, and around the perimeter of your garden where rats might be attracted.” Gardeners who have a border can also plant herbs such as basil, thyme and echinacea to create a barrier, helping to stop rats from entering the premises. The pest control expert noted: “If the rats smell the herbs, they’ll think your place has nothing to offer and run to your neighbour. “The less clutter you have, the less inviting your garden will be to rats. The lawn is included. If your grass is high, it's perfect for hiding, so make sure you mow it regularly. “Fix all the holes in the walls and door, and ensure there are no hollow areas under the shed that could be hiding spots. You'll keep rats out of the shed this way. “Rats also like to hide in woodpiles. You can prevent rats from getting into your house by keeping a woodpile away from your fence or house. Store your firewood at least four feet away from any structure and 18 inches off the ground.” Britons should also ensure they keep rubbish locked away in a bin to ensure rats as well as other wildlife aren’t attracted to it.