Prince Harry has been warned he could suffer from "immense damage" if the royals leak his "deepest secret" as an act of "revenge", according to a royal commentator. The Duke of Sussex and his wife Meghan Markle A source told Radar there are "staffers of The Firm" who are determined to "discredit Harry at any opportunity" - and they warn this has become even more likely now that he has "stood up to them", in a nod to his recent TV appearances, book and Netflix series. They said: "It wouldn't surprise Harry if the royals spilled some of his deepest secrets to the media". The source added there was little the Duke of Sussex could do to stop the leak other than "dismiss them as lies". It comes as The Australian's Media Writer Sophie Elsworth said Harry should be aware of the risks of a member of the royal inner circle leaking stories about him to the media.  Despite this, Ms Elsworth added the royals have "more class than that". She told Sky News: "Revenge is sweet. It’s whether the Royal Family will seek revenge, "I think they’ve got far more class than Harry. I don’t think they’ll do that." However, she continued that we should still "watch this space". READ MORE: Meghan 'making life harder for herself' after Duchess caught 'fibbing'  Ms Elsworth said on the Royal Report: "What goes around comes around. "He’s trashed them, he’s made a fortune out of it and we should watch this space because I wouldn’t be surprised if there is some leaking on him that will do him immense damage. "And I’ve got to say my sympathy levels are extremely low." According to OK! Magazine Harry is "relieved" his story is now out there and has "no regrets" over the revelations made in Spare. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's 'vulnerability' brought to light by South Park - expert [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson urges royals to 'ignore naysayers' and 'go nuclear' [SPOTLIGHT]Harry and Meghan 'like woke dictators' after new report on legal move [REPORT] The Duke this month attended the vow renewal of Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi, with a guest at the party telling Page Six: "Harry said he was really happy about the success of the book and the reaction to it. "He said he had no regrets about any of the revelations, and he’s relieved to have got his story out into the world. "There’s been an amazing reaction to it, he said."