In just three months' time, the world will watch in awe as King Charles and Camilla, Queen Consort, are crowned in a formal ceremony at Westminster Abbey. The historic occasion will be celebrated over the course of a three-day Bank Holiday weekend with numerous events, including a large concert and a nationwide volunteering scheme. Here Express.co.uk looks at everything we know will take place to mark the King's Coronation. Just over a month after the Queen's death, Buckingham Palace announced that King Charles's Coronation will take place on Saturday, May 6, 2023. The press release added that the Coronation Ceremony will take place at Westminster Abbey, London, and will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. They added: "The Coronation will reflect the monarch’s role today and look towards the future, while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry." Further updates were given on January 21, when the Palace announced details for the full Bank Holiday weekend. Saturday, May 6 will be marked by the Coronation Service at Westminster Abbey. The day will start with the King and Queen Consort arriving at the Abbey in procession from Buckingham Palace, known as 'The King's Procession'.   The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Prince Andrew are unlikely to be invited onto the Balcony. Sunday, May 7 will be marked by a special Coronation Concert at Windsor Castle, featuring "global music icons and contemporary stars". It will be attended by a public audience, including volunteers from Charles and Camilla's charity affiliations. DON'T MISS:POLL – Should a law be passed to strip Harry and Meghan of titles? [POLL]Prince Harry’s unusual gesture that ‘nobody ever does’ - expert claims [REPORT]Trevor Noah aims funny jibe at Prince Harry during Grammy Awards 2023 [REPORT] The Palace said: "The concert will see a world-class orchestra play interpretations of musical favourites fronted by some of the world’s biggest entertainers, alongside performers from the world of dance. "The performances will be supported by staging and effects located on the Castle’s East Lawn and will also feature a selection of spoken word sequences delivered by stars of stage and screen." A Coronation Concert will also make an appearance. The group is set to include people from community choirs, NHS choirs, Refugee choirs and deaf signing choirs. Neighbours and communities across the UK are invited to share food and fun together at Coronation Big Lunches. Thousands of events are expected to take place across the country. The Coronation Big Lunch will be overseen and organised by the Big Lunch team at the Eden Project. Monday, May 8 will be marked by the Big Help Out, which will highlight the positive impact volunteering has on communities across the nation. Its aim is to use volunteering to bring communities together and create a lasting volunteering legacy from the Coronation Weekend.