Zak Brown has admitted McLaren could lose Lando Norris to rival teams if they struggle to compete at the front of the field for much longer. Norris has previously suggested the side had “no excuses” to not be competitive by 2024 when their new infrastructure will be complete. The Briton has starred in F1 since his debut back in 2019 with a string of impressive performances. Brown’s admission comes after Sky Sports pundit Craig Slater asked if the team “realistically” needed to give Norris a car able to fight for the title to keep hold of his services. Brown responded: “Well yeah, I’m sure. At the end of the day he does want to win the world championship. So do we, we are on this journey together So I know there’s some noise around but he knows what the game plan is and I think for sure we all want to be winning races and competing for the championship in the not too distant future. “As long as we do that I’m sure we will be racing together for a long time. READ MORE: Inside Lando Norris’ house, car collection and girlfriend split “We want to finish the story we have started, which is to come into Formula One and win a world championship with us.” Speculation has been rife over Norris’ future after the youngster enjoyed another impressive season in 2022. He beat experienced Red Bull race-winner Daniel Ricciardo 17 times over the course of the season and picked up a podium despite the team’s lack of pace. Norris also hinted he could be prepared to walk away from McLaren in the future after talks with Christian Horner emerged. The Red Bull boss admitted he spoke with the 23-year-old days before Norris signed his McLaren extension. Sky Sports F1 host Karun Chandhok has tipped Norris to be Mercedes’ “number one target” should Lewis Hamilton walk away from the sport. DON'T MISSLando Norris 'matches' Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton tipped to play role in Ferrari trying to sign Norris [INSIGHT]Lando Norris admits F1 talks were not 'solely' held with Red Bull  [ANALYSIS] However, the ex-HRT driver has warned Norris’ bumper deal with the team could be an issue. Ahead of last season, the British ace put pen to paper on a contract which could keep him at the manufacturer until the end of 2025. Chandhok warned this could make a move out of McLaren “tricky” if the car is still uncompetitive. He commented: “Brilliant negotiation by Zak and the team to lock him in. We all know that people can be bought out of contracts and they get bought out all the time. “Look at Gasly. It happens all the time but it’s going to cost more. It’s going to be tricky.”