Manchester United's female players are reportedly 'strongly' against the idea of Mason Greenwood returning to the club. And the men's dressing room is also unsure that welcoming him back would be the right thing to do amid risk of his return derailing Erik ten Hag's progress this season. United suspended Greenwood in January 2022 after he was arrested on suspicion of rape and assault after a woman posted allegations via pictures, videos and sound clips on social media. Earlier this month, the Crown Prosecution withdrew charges of attempted rape, actual bodily harm and coercive or controlling behaviour. The decision came after the woman central to the case was included in 12 witnesses who refused to cooperate. Greenwood remains suspended by United while the club complete an internal investigation into whether he should be allowed to return. However, according to The Athletic, United's women's team would strongly oppose such an outcome. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta recommended Maddison transfer to help Odegaard  The report claims that some stars are 'deeply uncomfortable' with the prospect of Greenwood's return as they aim for their first-ever WSL title this season. And the uncertainty leaks into the men's squad amid the risk of a significant distraction as they bid to end United's six-year trophy drought and pursue a Champions League return. The Sun have been told: "The players are open to him returning to the team, but the scrutiny could be massively distracting. "The dressing room is the happiest it has been for ages, and no one wants to rock the boat." DON'T MISS Spurs could sign four Benfica stars if they appoint Rui Pedro BrazGraham Potter offers nine-word response over permanent Felix transferMan Utd 'sounding out sponsors' about Mason Greenwood return Another report claims Ten Hag has been in contact with the 21-year-old forward for the first time since becoming manager last summer. The Dutchman had only contacted him through a third party but rang him after the charges were dropped to see how he was doing physically and mentally. Greenwood 'appreciated' the call, which 'lifted his spirits', but Ten Hag also stressed that the decision to reintroduce him to the squad was down to the club, not him. United are understood to have sounded out club sponsors about whether the England international should be allowed to continue his career at Old Trafford as their probe continues. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here