Arsenal are set to receive a huge boost in their pursuit of the Premier League title after the latest update on Gabriel Jesus' fitness. The Brazil forward hasn't played since sustaining a knee injury at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar but is on the verge of a return. According to football.london, Jesus is due back in action in March if his recovery continues to run as planned. Mikel Arteta's cautious approach to long-term injuries will likely mean Jesus won't return to contention immediately. However, his return to first-team training will be a significant development ahead of a season-defining run of fixtures in April. Arsenal have, so far, remained tight-lipped on Jesus' potential return date, but Arteta has regularly confirmed his rehabilitation is going as planned. Earlier this month, he said: "[Jesus] is doing really well. He's on the pitch, he's been doing quite a lot of work on the ball already, and so far, his rehab is going well. JUST IN: Legendary BBC commentator Motson dies as football world in mourning  "Unfortunately, no, [there is no timeline on Jesus' return]. Ask the doctor. Maybe he'll give you one!" Arsenal's title rivals, Manchester City, ironically sent Jesus to the Emirates Stadium in a £45million deal in the summer. Pep Guardiola also handed his former protege, Arteta, Oleksandr Zinchenko, who has made just as big an impact in north London. Jesus was crucial to Arsenal's early-season surge to the top of the Premier League table, registering five goals and as many assists in 14 games. And while Eddie Nketiah has proven a capable backup option, he has gone five league outings without a goal, parallel to the Gunners' slump in results. DON'T MISS Man Utd and Arsenal Bellingham 'stances' emerge as Liverpool have keyGovernment White Paper explained as radical football plan takes shapeRio Ferdinand backs 'intelligent' Jude Bellingham to snub Liverpool Arsenal will face eight games in April if they reach the Europa League quarter-finals, including six Premier League meetings. Arteta's side host Leeds United and Southampton on either side of travelling to Liverpool and West Ham United. They then meet Man City at the Etihad Stadium in what could be a title-deciding affair before welcoming Chelsea to the Emirates. Getting Jesus back for such a run of fixtures could be detrimental to Arsenal's hopes of a successful season, a season nothing short of disastrous if it ends with no silverware at all. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here