Prince Harry has landed on a desk at the White House - but not for all the wrong reasons. US First Lady Jill Biden revealed during a trip to Africa that she has finished the Duke's controversial autobiography Spare - making time for an old friend despite her busy schedule. Although Mrs Biden revealed she had read Spare cover-to-cover, she doesn't appear to have shared her thoughts on its content. Mrs Biden and Harry have bonded over supporting military veterans, Mail Online reported, and their friendship goes back at least six years. The pair were spotted smiling next to each other at the 2017 Invictus Games launched by the Duke for wounded, injured and sick veterans. US President Joe Biden, 80, has also attended the Invictus Games with his wife Jill, 71, and former President Barack Obama, 61. Then-Vice President Biden even joked in 2016 that his wife Jill was "spending too much damn time with Prince Harry". He also praised the Duke as he gave a speech ahead of a wheelchair rugby game the pair attended. Harry's autobiography has proven controversial with readers and seems to have battered his popularity with Americans. A new poll by Redfield & Wilton Strategies for Newsweek found the Duke and his wife Meghan Markle's approval ratings had plummeted since the release of Spare, making them less popular than Harry among Americans. Harry has a -10 approval rating in the US while Meghan's score sits at -17, the explosive poll shows. Prince Andrew is hardly beloved stateside - but his net approval rating was -2, with 26 percent of Americans saying they liked him. READ MORE: Prince Harry's book scuppered one of Meghan's 'biggest ambitions' A damning episode of popular cartoon South Park has also proven troublesome for Harry and Meghan in recent weeks. The show mocked the couple's supposed quest for privacy, portraying a fictional Canadian royal couple shouting about their woes through a megaphone. US TV host Megyn Kelly said Harry and Meghan had "jumped the shark" and wouldn't recover from the episode. She said: "I feel this is a pronouncement that they have jumped the shark, they are not beloved and her hopes of running for President, reported hopes, are all but dashed." DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan forced to watch as Camilla 'steals limelight'Meghan and Harry forced to 'scrounge' as millions dry up – new claimMeghan and Harry will 'regret' skipping King's Coronation Harry is now reportedly planning to add another chapter to his tell-all memoir with yet more private details. Sources say the new chapter is expected to appear in the paperback edition of Spare, which quickly became a bestseller for its unprecedented peak behind the royal curtain. A publishing insider told Page Six: “Prince Harry is already planning to add at least one new chapter…to the paperback version…our later this year or early next, when the hardcover sales have ended. “Readers are eager to know (Harry and Meghan’s) feelings about the royal backlash they have suffered after the airing of their Netflix doc and the publication of Spare.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews