Andy Murray has added a new tournament to his schedule after pulling out of the Rotterdam Open. The three-time Grand Slam champion has been awarded a wildcard into the ATP 500 in Dubai, where he will join Novak Djokovic in the strong player field. It comes after he opted to skip next week’s event in favour of a training block with a plan to climb back up the rankings. Murray will return to Dubai later this month as he aims to climb back up the rankings after a heroic Australian Open campaign. The former world No 1 played two five-set epics - including his longest-ever match and latest-ever finish in the second round - before crashing out in the third round and opted to pull out of next week’s tournament in Rotterdam in favour of a training block following the result. The 35-year-old will now be back in action later this month after being given a wildcard into the Dubai Tennis Championships, where he is a former champion. “Coming back to Dubai brings with it a lot of good memories, not least 2017 and the final with Fernando,” the Brit said of his choice to play the tournament. Now ranked at No 61 in the world, Murray is hoping to climb back up the rankings after re-entering the top 50 last year for the first time since undergoing hip resurfacing surgery in 2019. And the 46-time title winner believes he can do just that in Dubai, adding: “My form is improving and my game is getting better, so the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships provides another great opportunity for me to continue to climb back up the rankings.” JUST IN: Pegula thought she'd quit tennis after mum's heartbreaking illness   The former world No 1 has been focused on trying to improve his fitness after struggling with cramping in multiple matches last year and revealing that he went to the gym just twice between the US Open and the end of the 2022 season. He underwent an intense training block in Florida over the off-season and will be doing the same again after opting to skip the Rotterdam ATP 500 after initially entering the tournament. And he will join a strong field in Dubai, with his old rival and world No 1 Djokovic leading the entry list while the likes of Andrey Rublev, Felix Auger-Aliassime and Daniil Medvedev will also compete for the title. “We are delighted to welcome Andy back to Dubai,” said Colm McLoughlin, executive vice chairman and CEO of Dubai Duty Free. DON'T MISSDjokovic's latest conqueror disappointed to miss out on grudge matchDjokovic told how many Slams he will retire on as advantage explainedTennis star describes horror of Turkey earthquake as players stranded  “Everybody knows how important a figure he is in British tennis and, as we have seen in the seven previous times he has competed at our event, he always attracts a strong and passionate support base. He accepted our wildcard last year and was a credit to the tournament and we are very happy he has accepted our invite once again.” The world No 61 is also expected to play the ATP 250 in Doha the week before, and will then go onto the ‘sunshine double’ of Masters 1000 events in Indian Wells and Miami. The two American hard-court tournaments are already set to take a hit with Djokovic unable to play as a result of the US Covid restrictions while it remains to be seen whether Rafael Nadal will make his comeback in time after picking up a leg injury in Melbourne.