Tottenham star Son Heung-min has learned the hard way this season just how ruthless a manager Antonio Conte can be if his top players aren't performing. It's been a disappointing campaign for the South Korea international so far as he's scored in just one Premier League start. Not since the 2015/16 season has Son failed to reach double digits in the league and even finished as the Golden Boot winner last season. He had established himself as undroppable at Tottenham when fit and played a key role in helping Tottenham finish inside the top four. But he's failed to rediscover that best form under Conte this season and his form paid the price on Sunday as he was dropped to the bench. Incredibly, it was just the second time since April 2021 that Son has been left out of the starting line-up when fit in the Premier League. The only other occasion he was benched saw Son react exactly how his manager would have wanted by coming on against Leicester and bagging a hat-trick earlier in the campaign. And the attacker got on the scoresheet once again just minutes after coming off the bench in the second half against West Ham.  The 30-year-old freshened things up in attack as a super sub for Cristian Stellini's side and looked lively throughout his short cameo. Now the test for Son will be for him to show that he doesn't need to be benched in order to show what he's capable of. Conte, who is back in Italy recovering from his gallbladder surgery, has shown in the past that nobody is safe when it comes to starting in his team if they're out of form. The Italian spent two eventful years in charge at Chelsea, winning the league in his debut season with the likes of Diego Costa, Eden Hazard and Willian all playing a key part in their success.  But they were unable to carry that kind of form into the following season and Hazard, who started every league game the year prior when available, soon found himself dropped to the bench a handful of times Fabregas played far less than the title-winning season while Costa was involved in a very public falling out with Conte with the striker forcing through an exit and refusing to return to the club. Part of the reason Conte was able to change things around at Chelsea was due to the options he had available to him in the squad and the Italian now has similar alternatives at Tottenham following Richarlison's arrival from Everton last summer. The Spurs boss will need more from the Brazilian to warrant taking Son's place on a regular basis. But Son now knows that his place in the starting line-up is no longer guaranteed if he's unable to find the net more regularly.