Tanya had returned from Casa Amor with Martin after starting to see "red flags" in her relationship with her original partner Shaq Muhammed. However, last night she admitted that she still loved Shaq and would do "anything" to make him realise how sorry she was. Things have gone downhill for Tanya after she reportedly fell in the Love Island villa leaving her to be assessed by medics. Tanya took a tumble in the villa which reportedly left her being rushed to the medics following the incident. A source told The Sun: “Tanya tripped over in the villa and said she was in a fair bit of pain. “She was checked over by the villa medics who confirmed she’d just banged herself and hadn’t sprained or broken anything. “Tanya said she felt a bit bruised and that the shock of the trip caught her off guard. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue “Obviously the safety of the islanders is paramount so she was seen too quickly.” Express.co.uk contacted ITV who declined to comment on the incident. At the end of Monday night's episode, Tanya stood in front of everyone in the villa to express how she felt about Shaq. Not long before her big speech, she had cooled things off with Martin who had been pushing her for an answer on how she was feeling over the last couple of days. Addressing her fellow islanders, she began: "I just want to say, in front of everyone that obviously this message is for Shaq. "I know I left for Casa and came back with Martin and I thought I was pursuing a connection and it didn't work out. "I am saying this in front of everyone because I came in with Martin in front of everyone and I can't imagine the embarrassment that you felt and the hurt that you felt and how disappointed you were in me. "I am so sorry. Not speaking to you all these days has been so hard and being in bed and you're not there. Even though it wasn't the best situation to bring Martin back it made me realise I don't want anyone else. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [WATCH]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments  [LATEST]Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm [INSIGHT] "I only want you and today I spoke to Martin and we did end things on mutual grounds and I couldn't even sleep yesterday. I just want to let you know how sorry I am." Their fellow islanders cheered with happiness for the couple as Shaq walked over to her and picked her up for a hug before they both told one another they loved each other. Tonight, the repercussions of Tanya's actions come forward as there is a heated argument between her and Martin around the fire pit. In a teaser clip, Martin tells Tanya: "You are a liar, you are not sincere, you made me look like I was dumb. "Martin don't cause drama, but what the f**k." Tanya is then seen storming over to Martin in a rage, expressing: "One thing you are not going to do is call me a liar." Shaq tries to calm Tanya and take her away from the group but she pushed past him to confront Martin who is still talking about her to the group. How will the rest of the villa react to their argument? Will this be the end of the journey for Martin? Love Island airs every night from 9pm on ITV2.