The Super Bowl had more than 113 million people tune in to watch the Chiefs beat the Eagles on Sunday night, in the third most-watched TV program in history. But one person did not join in with the fuss, and that was The View’s Whoopi Goldberg, who admitted she had to "switch off" the football game. Whoopi Goldberg confessed she had to "switch off" the Super Bowl after bursting into a raging rant at organisers during Monday’s episode of The View. The actress criticised the "awful turf" that hosted the clash of the Philadelphia Eagles against the Kansas City Chiefs during this weekend's US playoff as she was concerned "for all kinds of stuff". She began ranting about the event while the rest of the panel discussed the game, telling viewers that she "knows" they "don't care". Despite that, the controversial host blasted: "That field was so awful. I have to tell you, I was watching and watching and I couldn't watch anymore because I was concerned people were slipping." She continued: "I don't know what the hell they did to that field but it was awful. I'm saying it and I know you don't care but I care.” Her co-stars attempted to change the subject several times, but defiant Goldberg continued to discuss the "awful" field, even before the show cut to an ad break. Continuing her rant about the turf, she said: "They didn't put it down correctly, who decides to re-sod the d**n field on Super Bowl? Whoever it is, I'm looking for you." As she carried on sharing her views about the pitch, producers appeared to make the music louder as the show prepared to head into a commercial break. The Oscar-winning actress also recently had a dig at The View fans, as she revealed the panellists had a top-secret discussion during an advert break which she says will never be aired. She mocked viewers and pretended to cry live on air while crying "boo hoo" into the camera. During the show, Goldberg attempted to introduce the next topic before bursting into a fit of laughter. After trying to compose herself, she admitted: "I'm still trying to get over a conversation we just had in between which I can't really tell you about." The host then proceeded to scrunch her eyes whilst rubbing them with her fists as she shouted: "So boo hoo." Goldberg finally managed to compose herself before introducing the next segment. The drama didn’t stop there for the host as she was forced to speak out after being called an “old broad” during a live show. As she began to open Wednesday’s show, someone in the crowd heckled her.  Goldberg rightly addressed the audience member and she asked: "Did you just call me an old broad?" The panellist seemed to brush off the sly-remark as she joked: "It is Wednesday, and I am an old broad and happy about it." She was greeted by a cheering crowd as she entered the studio. The View airs weekdays at 11am ET on ABC in the USA.