Nightshift workers have revealed why they would never work during daylight hours – including making more money, avoiding traffic, and not having to attend dull meetings. A poll of 2,000 employed adults found 44 percent of those who earn a living when the sun goes down are true converts to working when most people are in bed. The main appeal of working such hours include the peace and quiet you don’t get when working a hectic dayshift (39 percent). Higher earnings (35 percent), and not having to endure the agony of rush hour travel (33 percent), are also massive draws. This work pattern also appears to be the perfect antidote to the stresses and strains associated with working dayshifts – as 32 percent claim it gives them the chance for more “me-time”. And a fifth (19 percent) also prefer working after dark, because they get to see sights they wouldn’t otherwise see during the day. Samsung, which commissioned the study, has partnered with photographer, Ben Weller, to capture portraits of nightshift workers using the Galaxy S23 Ultra, to “shine a light” on what they do. The shots feature in a virtual exhibition called “The Light Shift Gallery”, which has been narrated by Fearne Cotton, and include a farmer, a florist, a star gazer, a confectioner, and a milk delivery worker. Ben Weller said: “I’m passionate about my photography having a strong sense of narrative – so when I learnt about all the interesting things our “Light Shift” grafters were doing, I couldn’t wait to help share their stories. “I normally shoot my projects on film, so this was my first time using a smartphone. I’m excited for the nation to get a real sense of the overnight magic I’ve experienced.” The study also found 57 percent of those who work days have never done a night shift – but 30 percent would be “likely” to take the opportunity to do so if one presented itself. However, a third (32 percent) of those who currently work during the day would not be inclined to switch to afterhours work, because they claim they “can’t function at night”, according to the study, carried out via OnePoll. And a small number also perceive nightshift work to be “boring” and “lacking opportunity to be creative” – but “The Light Shift Gallery” aims to change these perceptions. Samsung Ambassador, Fearne Cotton, said: “Through my long career in broadcast, I understand the creativity and joy that can take place during the darker hours or morning twilight. “From my early days radio presenting, and now doing the Happy Place podcast and writing books, I get a real buzz seeing all the varied and creative work that happens before the sun is up. “I hope this beautiful series of smartphone portraits inspire others who don't work conventional hours. They're shining the light on all those who work hard when many others are sleeping.”