Visceral fat is stored deep within the belly as a way to protect and insulate vital organs. Having a small amount of it is necessary for this reason. However, an excess has been shown to increase the risk of dangerous conditions such as heart disease and diabetes. Therefore, keeping visceral fat levels low is beneficial for your health. One of the major causes of too much visceral fat is diet - particularly one high in fat. Therefore making changes to your diet can help with fat loss. One such change, according to an expert, could be adding a new hot drink to your daily routine.  READ MORE: The 'anti-cancer' spice that could help shed visceral fat in 'weeks' - study Jen Williams, coffee researcher and owner of Thirst Perk, recommended trying cayenne pepper tea. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk she said: "Cayenne pepper tea is the upcoming beverage for 2023. “Cayenne pepper tea follows a similar idea to ginger tea. You’re using a common cooking spice in an entirely new way. “The idea is an appealing one, as spicy foods are linked to health benefits.”   Cayenne pepper contains a compound called capsaicin. “There is also an interesting compound present in cayenne pepper, called capsaicin, which may have advantages of its own,” Ms Williams said. “Many of the health benefits attributed to hot peppers like cayenne are linked to their capsaicin content. “Peppers contain a variety of compounds called capsaicinoids, but capsaicin is the most abundant evidence that supports the use of topical applications of capsaicin, such as capsaicin-containing creams. READ MORE: The green fruit that could prevent diabetes - helps 'stabilise' blood sugar  “An advantage is that cayenne pepper may help with weight loss. The effect may be linked to hunger suppression, along with an increase in fat breakdown and calorie burning. “This herb has been found to reduce appetite and boost metabolism, both of which aid in weight loss. “Studies and anecdotal evidence indicate that capsaicin reduces pain when applied to the skin and may have broader health uses too.” This is backed by various studies. One such study was published in Bioscience Reports in 2017 and concluded that capsaicin had anti-obesity properties.  “In summary, capsaicin plays a critical role in humans and has multiple benefits for metabolic health, especially for weight loss in obese individuals,” it said. Another paper, from Appetite journal in 2014, said: “Meta-analysis findings suggest that daily consumption of capsaicinoids may contribute to weight management through reductions in energy intake.” Ms Williams’ recipe for cayenne pepper tea is: 