A trans cartoonist who creates "diaper fetish art" has been invited to speak to children. Sophie Labelle, from Montreal in Canada, is due to appear at Sheffield Central Library next week to talk about growing up trans as well as her art, activism and new book, The Best of Assigned Male. Ms Labelle, who identifies as a woman, is known for creating "diaper fetish art" which is part of a subculture known as "paraphilic infantilism" where adults seek sexual arousal by behaving and dressing up as babies. She wrote on Twitter in 2021 that she has "made some diaperfur art", adding: "I have a kink I indulge responsibly and I refuse to be shamed for it." The Sheffield event is promoted as being "suitable for adults, teens and families". But the move has sparked backlash. Miriam Cates, MP for Penistone and Stocksbridge, has written a letter to Sheffield City Council in which she states even the most cursory background checks on Ms Labelle "throw up serious safeguarding red flags". The Conservative Party MP writes: "In no way can the work or 'activism' of this author be considered suitable to children. It is widely agreed by child safeguarding experts, and across society, that it is wrong and deeply damaging to expose children to sexualised material". She urged the local authority to investigate the matter and act to safeguard children and prevent Sheffield from being brought into disrepute. Ms Cates told Express.co.uk: "I'm really surprised they are seeking to defend this. The safeguarding implications of allowing somebody to talk about their nappy fetish are quite severe. "I can't understand how a council which has safeguarding responsibilities can allow this to happen. Why not put an 18 age restriction on this? It's not suitable for children." She accused the council of confusing diversity with safeguarding. Ms Cates said: "This is the problem that we often see in safeguarding. People get confused between equality, diversity and inclusion [EDI] and safeguarding.  READ ABOUT A BRUTAL ATTACK ON A CYCLIST "Safeguarding is nothing to do with EDI. It's about asking whether there are risks to children. That has nothing to do with somebody's protected characteristics. "Safeguarding is about thinking about whether someone can be a risk to children. "The obvious facts of this case are an immediate red flag." But Sheffield City Council has defended its decision to host Ms Labelle.  DON'T MISS: Putin's claims that sanctions have had little impact fact-checked [REVEALED] Woman 'shunned by her family' after claiming to be Madeleine McCann [REPORT] Skeletal remains of student missing for 47 years found in car [LATEST] Cllr Richard Williams, Chair of the council's Communities, Parks and Leisure Policy Committee, said: "Sheffield Libraries hosts a varied programme of events. One of our speakers is Sophie Labelle, an acclaimed Canadian cartoonist, author and public speaker who visits cities around the world." He added: "In Sheffield, it is a sold-out ticketed event for guests to hear Sophie speak about her art, and growing up trans. "Sheffield is a diverse and inclusive city and it is right that our programme of activity reflects that. The evening event is aimed at teenagers upwards, but we know that some families do attend Sophie’s talks and did not want to exclude them."  Ms Labelle told the Telegraph: "Some people have been busy at work defaming and disparaging me, and they created all sorts of rumours about my work, which aims to empower trans youth and illustrate trans joy, which is more than needed in this anti-trans political climate. "Since 2014, I have created over 1,600 strips with that intent, which don’t feature any nudity or sexuality (besides a high school character having a boyfriend). "I have also done several hundreds of talks and public events in youth groups, libraries, schools - from kindergarten to university - without any incident (besides one or two transphobe-hurling insults)."