Losing weight does not have to mean spending hours upon hours in the gym every day. Lisa Corsello, founder of Burn Pilates and LisaCorsello.com, showed POPSUGAR Fitness how women can slim down with a quick exercise that takes just a few minutes a time to do. Working out can feel like a chore, especially when you're required to drag yourself to a gym. Even the busiest of people can spare two minutes to complete Lisa's workout - all you will need is a mat to practice on. Pilates is all about developing muscle strength using low intensity, low impact movements. It is focused on spinal alignment and works to support the muscles around the spine including your core and glutes. It also ensures the other joints are supported by strong local muscles. READ MORE: Healthy A-list smoothie recipe which improves hair, skin & nails  Lisa shared four Pilates-inspired laying down exercises for slimmers to do - all you need is 120 seconds and an exercise mat. Exercise One - Single-Stretch Leg Lift your shoulders off the ground and raise your legs to a 45 degree angle in front of you. Bring one leg into the chest by bending the knee, hugging it with your arms. Swap to the other leg and repeat on each leg 10 times. Lisa told slimmers to ensure they keep their torso still as they alternate their legs. Exercise Two - Criss Cross Lift your shoulders off the ground and place your hands behind your head. Bring one elbow into the opposite knee before swapping to the other knee and elbow, exhaling as you switch sides. Repeat the exercise 10 times on each leg. Exercise Three - Double Leg Stretch Raise your shoulders off the ground. Create a U-shape with your body by bringing your arms to a 45 degree angle behind you and your legs to a 45 degree angle in front of you. Move into a ball shape by bringing the arms down and round, hugging the ankles. Return to the U-shape position and repeat 10 times. READ MORE: Woman loses four stone in just months after 'feeling horrible' Exercise Four - Double Straight-Leg Stretch Raise your shoulders off the ground and place your hands behind your head. Raise the legs to a 90 degree angle and slowly lower to a 45 degree angle before bringing them back up again. Keep the torso straight and head up. Repeat 10 times. Exercise Five - Single Straight-Leg Stretch Raise your shoulders off the ground and place your hands behind your head. Scissor-kick your legs and hug the leg closest to you into your chest. Repeat 10 times on each leg. Pilates can be physically transformative, with founder Joseph Pilates promising a more toned, lean physique. He said: "You will feel better in 10 sessions, look better in 20 sessions, and have a completely new body in 30 sessions." While Pilates is a very accessible and inclusive type of exercise, those wishing to take part should consult a healthcare professional beforehand. This is particularly crucial for pregnant women - who must visit a pre-natal trained teacher - those who are post-natal or who suffer from any injuries or postural issues.