Nicola Bulley's partner Paul Ansell has spoken of his "agony" after a body was found around a mile from where thge mum-of-two went missing. In a text message to Sky News' Inzamam Rashid, he said: "No words right now, just agony." Earlier today, Lancashire Police said a body had been found in the River Wyre near where the 45-year-old went missing. The force said a formal identification is yet to be carried out but Ms Bulley's family have been informed. The body was found around a mile where th4e 45-year-old was last seen walking her dog in St Michael's on Wyre on January 27. She had dropped her daughters, aged six and nine, at school on that same morning. A spokesman for Lancashire Police said officers were called to reports of a body in the river close to Rawcliffe Road at around 11.35am on Sunday. An underwater search team and specialist officers attended the scene, entered the water and recovered a body. No formal identification has yet been carried out, so police are unable to say whether this is Ms Bulley at this time. Lancashire Police said in a statement: "This morning, Sunday, 19 February, you may be aware of police activity around the river near to St Michaels. We want to provide you with an update on that activity. "We were called today at 11:36am to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. "An underwater search team and specialist officers have subsequently attended the scene, entered the water and have sadly recovered a body. READ MORE: Kate and William attend BAFTAs for first time in three years  "No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. "Procedures to identify the body are on-going. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. "Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected." Earlier today, local police had cordoned off roads around a mile from where Ms Bulley was last seen. DON'T MISSNicola Bulley's family 'heartbroken' after a body was found in river [COMMENTS]Police treating death of body found in River Wyre as 'unexplained' [LATEST]Lead investigator in Nicola Bulley case spotted on scene [PICTURES]  A police helicopter and drone were seen flying overhead, with divers also searching the River Wyre. Soon after, a Crime Scene Investigators van arrived on the scene and forensics tent was erected. Last week, Lancashire Police were criticised by many people after making Ms Bulley's struggles with alcohol and peri-menopause public three weeks after she vanished. In a press conference, the force said she was classed as a "high-risk" missing person immediately after Mr Ansell reported her disappearance, "based on a number of specific vulnerabilities".  Last Friday, Mr Ansell told Channel 5's Dan Walker "something happened that day" as people do just "vanish into thin air". On Vanished: What happened to Nicola Bulley?, he said: "It just doesn’t feel real. I feel like I’m in the Truman show. "Like, I honestly believe I’m going to wake up at any moment...how are we even in this? We are good people." 