Relentless speculation about Nicola Bulley is “getting out of control”, missing persons experts have exclusively told Express.co.uk after police were slammed for releasing personal details about the missing mum-of-two to the public. The investigation is becoming “incredibly difficult” due to the “vicious monster” of constant online theorising, as Ms Bulley’s family pleaded with the public to focus on finding the 45-year-old mortgage advisor rather than “making up wild theories about her personal life.” Missing persons expert Charlie Hedges, formerly of the National Crime Agency, told Express.co.uk last week the impact of speculation was not just damaging to the family - it could even lead to any potential criminal actors intentionally misleading police with false information, or even destroying evidence. But now, Mr Hedges says the situation is “getting out of control”. He said: “The amount of speculation about the case in social and other types of media will have made life incredibly difficult for the police, not least because every one of these speculative suggestions must be checked out, taking officers away from other tasks.” In a press conference yesterday, Lancashire Police issued a stern warning to amateur sleuths - but it only seemed to make things worse when they revealed Ms Bulley had unspecified “vulnerabilities” that made her a “high-risk” missing person. In a statement later the same day, police disclosed that these vulnerabilities were “some significant issues with alcohol” brought on by “ongoing struggles with the menopause”. Karen Shalev-Greene, leader of the University of Portsmouth’s Missing Persons Research Group, told Express.co.uk she has only “occasionally” seen situations where the police would reveal such personal details to the public. She said they have done so in the past “because sometimes it highlights the urgency.” However, in this case, Mr Hedges said he believed the reveal of additional information “seems to have been done in response to the huge amount of speculation that is circulating”. He added: “Missing person cases always seem to capture the public imagination and hold a fascination that leads to speculation but in this case it has reached extreme levels.” Speaking to Nigel Farage on GB News, former BBC Home Affairs correspondent Danny Shaw hypothesised that the information had been released because it was already on social media and was at risk of being made public independent of the police or Ms Bulley's family. He also suggested that Lancashire Police had "boxed themselves into a corner" to justify their hypothesis that Nicola had fallen into the river, and were facing "increasing pressure" to justify this point of view. Nicola vanished on January 27 while walking her springer spaniel Willow after she dropped her two daughters, aged six and nine, at school. Police’s main hypothesis has consistently been that she fell into the river - but they remain “open” to other possibilities. But a thorough search of the river has produced no evidence of the missing mum, leaving the case ripe for speculation by those following it online. Detectives have put out stern warnings to “wannabe detectives” after so-called “grief tourists” descended on the village of St Michael’s on Wyre to make social media posts featuring the area. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley search expert says she could have 'wandered off' [REVEAL]  Social media groups which focus on the case - some of which have more than 20,000 followers - are filled with theories ranging from the criminal to the spiritual. Last Friday, February 10, Dan Duffy, who runs the Youtube channel Exploring with Danny, was arrested and slapped with a £90 fine on a public order offence after he uploaded a video of him searching the area around the River Wyre and nearby houses. The speculation has also led to a misplaced mistrust of the police. In one instance, a nearby abandoned house became the focal point of many online conspiracy theories which claimed police have not looked into it - when it has in fact been searched by police three times. Commenting on why the case has gained so much interest from the public, Ms Shalev-Greene said it was “how relatable” the situation was for Ms Bulley. She said: “People walk their dogs after dropping kids at school, so people see themselves in that situation. So we people themselves in her shoes without actually knowing enough information about it. It’s the project of one’s life as a consumer.” The expert added that there was also an element of the “missing white woman syndrome,” explaining: “She is a beautiful, middle class woman. There is a victim hierarchy there. The more innocent we see them, the more we can relate, the more attached we get to the story.” DON'T MISS: Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley's parents leave heartbreaking 11-word message to her [INSIGHT]Nicola Bulley's family 'in a terrible place' after police update [ANALYSIS] Mr Hedges said: “It is an issue that has been growing over the years and it seems unlikely that it will go away unless the way we use social media changes dramatically. “It is hard to see how this can be reduced without draconian censorship which is unlikely in the extreme. With so much speculation and incorrect information circulating it is important that the police are the source of true and accurate information. Sadly, so many people distrust the police that this is less likely, and that mistrust is growing.” Ms Shalev-Greene similarly blamed the influence of social media due to the way it gives “everyone immediate access to a public platform.” She said that the high-profile nature of investigations such as that into Ms Bulley’s disappearance is a “double edged sword” - while families want the public to be aware of the case, there is also “this bullying and viciousness that comes along with it.” She added: “It’s also about her legacy. In the good event that she’s found, can you imagine her returning to normal life now?”