Viewers were delighted by the appearance of Coronation Street legend David Neilson, who plays Roy Cropper, in the audience of Dancing on Ice during Prop Week on Sunday night. The soap legend was there to support Mollie Gallagher who plays his niece Nina Lucas in the show. Fans were even more thrilled when he seemed to drop a soap spoiler for the coming weeks. Interviewed by host Holly Willoughby, he divulged he had been joined on the show by a ”furry friend” to replace Mollie while she is showcasing her skating talents. The revelation came as Holly asked if he had ever had a mishap involving a prop. The famously private star answered: "Quite recently while Mollie has been doing this I've got a little friend to take her place while she’s here. "I can't say much because she's not on screen yet but I had this little thing on my hand and it left a little mess,” he teased. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis Fans went wild for his appearance with many calling for him to take part in the show himself. Twitter user @TJScaverton pleaded: “We really need Roy for #DancingonIce next series the perfect skater look no further cause he wouldn’t even *bat* an eyelid.” @amyt3402 agreed writing: "All the tweets saying about Roy being on #DancingOnIce I guarantee he would actually be really good at it. He seems like the type who would be surprising like that." @RyanTheSoapking concurred saying: "Roy Cropper for #DancingOnIce 2024. Make it happen." Gallagher is skating on the ITV celeb skating contest with Sylvain Longchambon. He is married to fellow Weatherfield favourite Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Windass. Gallagher sailed through to next week's semi-finals and Nielson was very impressed by her performance. He told Willoughby: “She's fabulous. She's got more confident every week, just like she was on our show." DON'T MISS: Coronation Street's Beth to lose everything as Hope attack exposed Corrie star sparks concern over ‘sad’ Instagram updateCoronation Street heartache as Kevin Webster receives devastating news Both Nielson and Gallagher have had their fair share of hard hitting storylines in Corrie. In a ground-breaking move Roy was married to the soap's first ever transgender character Hayley (Julie Hesmondhalgh). The couple endured their fair share of dramas before cancer-stricken Hayley passed away in an assisted suicide storyline in 2014. His long lost niece Nina ended up living with Roy in 2019 after the death of her father and currently works in his cafe alongside him. Gallagher was at the centre of one of he soaps biggest storylines of recent years when her character’s boyfriend Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni) was beaten to death. He and Nina were targeted because of her goth lifestyle and she was badly injured in the attack. In tense scenes viewers first saw Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) convicted of the crime before the real murderer Corey Brent (Maximus Evans) was unmasked. The attack really affected the character who even abandoned her goth look for a while and deals with ongoing trauma because of it. Dancing On Ice is on ITV on Sunday’s at 6.30pm. Coronation Street has had a schedule shake up this week due to the FA Cup. It will broadcast on Monday, Thursday and Friday at 8pm on ITV for this week only.