Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has issued a nine-word response as to whether he wants Joao Felix to remain at Stamford Bridge beyond his short loan spell. The Blues have signed Felix from Atletico Madrid until the end of the season but could look to make his stay permanent. Potter threw him into his starting line-up immediately after completing his switch in January, producing a tumultuous debut in the 2-1 defeat at Fulham. Felix looked like Chelsea's biggest threat in the first half but saw a straight red just before the hour mark. It meant he missed the subsequent Premier League games against Crystal Palace, Liverpool and the reverse fixture against Fulham. But he's expected to return on Saturday when Chelsea travel to West Ham United in their latest London derby. And Potter has remained coy on whether he wants to make Felix's loan permanent in the summer after a sticky start to life in England. "It's not something I've thought about, to be honest," Potter said. JUST IN: Man Utd 'sounding out sponsors' about Mason Greenwood return  He added: "He is hungry to get back out there, that's for sure. You can sense that. I wouldn't want to put pressure on him, but we have him as a top player. "And then it's about how the team can function better. He can help and show his quality." Felix's arrival has pushed summer signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang deep into the fringes of Potter's plans. The 47-year-old has suggested Aubameyang is fourth in his striker pecking order behind Felix, Kai Havertz and David Datro Fofana. However, he has insisted the ex-Arsenal captain's current situation isn't 'terminal' amid interest in a loan from MLS outfit LAFC. DON'T MISS Pep Guardiola cracks Man City legends joke in response to relegationTottenham 'surprised and bemused' after Guardiola calls out LevyJorginho and Trossard backed to get Arsenal over line in title race "Sometimes situations are difficult, which this one is," Potter explained. "We have got Joao [Felix], we have Kai [Havertz], we have got David [Datro Fofana], who we thought we wanted to get more of a look at in the short-term. "But that's not to say it's a terminal situation for Pierre. We had to be honest with him and give him time. And that was the reason why he was out of the previous match. "But while he is here, it's not to say that will always be the case. That's why how he has acted and responded has been really good." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here