A woman in her 70s has tragically died following a horrific daylight attack in a park today. Police were called to Ludwell Valley Park in Wonford, Exeter around 4pm this afternoon following reports of a woman having been "seriously assaulted". Emergency services rushed to the park but the local woman in her 70s was declared dead at the scene. Her next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers. Devon and Cornwall Police subsequently launched a manhunt for the suspect as well as a murder investigation following the attack. They had urged members of the public not to approach the man, saying he could be "armed and dangerous". Following the police appeal, a man in his 30’s from the Exmouth area was arrested by armed officers outside the Yorkshire Building Society on Exeter High Street. JUST IN: Serial killer obsessed mum 'giggled' after stabbing boyfriend to death  The suspect's arrest took place just after 9:30pm this evening. Following the arrest, Superintendent Tom Holmes said: “Whilst this is a positive update, a major response remains in place and our investigation into this murder continues. “Tonight we issued an image of a man we needed to identify. "Now that we have a man in custody we no longer need the public to share this appeal; please do not speculate on the identity of the suspect or the circumstances surrounding this matter.  “A heightened police presence will remain across key areas of Exeter, including the Wonford area where a number of cordons remain in place. "We are currently not looking for anyone else in connection to this offence “Even though we have a man in custody, this doesn’t mean that we are no longer appealing for information. "It is vital that if you have any information relating to this incident, you contact us immediately.  “If you have yet to have spoken to us and have information that relates to this investigation, please call 999 quoting log number 600 18 February. “Our thoughts are with the family and the loved ones of the victim, and we will continue to do all we can to support them during this tragic time.”  Residents in the area have revealed that they had been told to stay inside and lock their doors while the police scrambled to find the suspect. DON'T MISS: Time SNP put Scotland’s people first rather than failed independence [COMMENT]Warning to Sunak - even Remainers won't back Northern Ireland sellout [POLL]CCTV shows horrific moment driver ploughs into crowd outside pub [VIDEO] Earlier tonight, a local mum told DevonLive: "It’s shocking and quite terrifying. Some people are saying there were 30 armed police with dogs going into the field this afternoon. "There are terrible rumours flying around about what’s happened. I hope they are not true." Another eyewitness said: "I saw several police cars up Burnthouse Lane. I went into Ludwell Valley Park not knowing what was going on then I then saw there were armed police everywhere. "I then saw that half of the park was cordoned off to the public and I saw police guarding the main walkway to Ludwell Hill and an Air Ambulance taking off. "I then left the scene and saw several other police cars making their way." 