A groundbreaking NHS gene therapy procedure has saved a toddler from a potentially fatal genetic condition, but regrettably, failed to save her sibling. Teddi Shaw has been treated for metachromatic leukodystrophy (MLD). This rare disease wreaks havoc on a child's organs and neurological system, making Teddi the first NHS patient to be saved with the cure. The 19-month-old was diagnosed with MLD in April of last year, the same month as Nala, her 3-year-old sister. Without a cure, both children would have been expected to die in their early childhood because the life expectancy for MLD is five to eight years. Teddi was cured after undergoing treatment that involves removing stem cells and replacing the faulty gene before reinjecting the treated cells. Nala, though, was not eligible for the treatment. Under NHS rules, the therapy must be administered before irreversible damage has developed, causing impaired sight, speech, hearing and movement. The girls' mum, Ally, said her world "turned upside down" when she learnt both her daughter suffered from MLD.  She said: "Being told Nala wasn’t eligible for any treatment, would continue to lose all functions and die extremely young was the most heart-breaking and hardest thing to come to terms with. "However, amid the pain was hope for our younger daughter, Teddi. We are extremely privileged that Teddi is the first child to receive this new gene therapy treatment recently made available on the NHS, and grateful that she has the opportunity to lead a long and hopefully normal life. "Without this treatment, we’d be facing both our children being taken away." The treatment, marketed under the name Libmeldy, costs £2.8 million. Until NHS England reached a secretly discounted agreement with the manufacturer Orchard Therapeutics a year ago, it was the most costly drug in the world. READ MORE: The type of sugar that seems to drive Alzheimer's disease - study It is still the most expensive drug approved in Europe. It is administered by a specialist unit at Royal Manchester Children's Hospital, one of only five sites in the UK. While Teddi’s stem cells were removed and the faulty genes were replaced in stages between June and October of last year, sister Nala's condition has since significantly deteriorated significantly. She is losing motor function and requires increasing assistance getting around and feeding herself. The family is currently advocating for the addition of a check for MLD to the newborn heel-prick test to make sure that kids like Nala do not miss out on the life-saving cure. Since she got the treatment, Teddi has been doing “absolutely brilliantly”, her mum Ally said, as she is walking, running and chatting a lot - and above all, showing no signs of MLD. DON'T MISS:Lilies Of The Field star Sir Sidney Poitier died from Alzheimer's [REPORT] The mushroom that could 'protect' you from Alzheimer's disease - study [REPORT] Avoid frost damage to your lawn with easy steps to prevent 'disease' [REPORT] Ally remains hopeful that the treatment will be administered at all stages of the condition. She said: "We feel strongly it should be added to the newborn screening test to save more families from this heartache." The cure is only available to young children with early symptoms of the condition who can still walk independently and show no signs of cognitive decline. NHS chief Amanda Pritchard said she is "delighted” the “miracle treatment" will cure more children of the deadly disease. She said: "This is a huge moment of hope for parents and their babies who are born with this devastating inherited disorder, that can now be treated with a single round of revolutionary treatment at a specialist centre on the NHS. It means that children like Teddi can do the things that all children should be able to, like going to school and playing with friends." MLD is a rare hereditary genetic disorder. The incidence of the disease in the UK is estimated at 1 in 40,000 live births, according to the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence. READ NEXT:Family's grief as dad nearly dies of flesh-eating diseaseExcess deaths mystery 'needssolving urgently', says ONSMeningitis has more than doubled in a year in worrying dataBob Mortimer shares agony over painful autoimmune disease flare up Twisted eye vessels linked to high blood pressure and heart disease