Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt were discussing reports Peter Mayhew, who plays Chewbacca in the Star Wars films, had left scripts in his home when he moved out. Those who moved into the late star’s house and discovered the scripts then planned to put them up for auction. As the story was discussed on BBC Breakfast, Naga begged Louise Lear to deliver an impression of Chewbacca. Auctioneers acquired the scripts along with call sheets and clippings from the original Star Wars trilogy. Upon learning the items were going up for sale, Peter’s widow, Angie Mayhew, begged for them not to be sold. Angie claimed Peter deeply regretted leaving the items behind when he sold his house. Now the auction house has pulled the items from the sale and they have been donated to the Peter Mayhew Foundation. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson drives off in rage as he abandons restaurant opening Host Charlie said of the report: “There’s a lot of people who would love to see those things, the original scripts.” “Yeah, knowing that he’s thumbed through those and learned the lines,” Naga replied. “Not that Chewbacca’s lines were always eloquent.” Charlie noted it was more like a “roar” as Naga continued: “Yeah but I’m not going to do it. “I wouldn’t do it justice but Louise might.” Turning to the weather reporter, Louise could be seen shaking her head at Naga and Charlie. “No,” Naga laughed as Louise hit back: “You two are naughty aren’t you?” Louise went on to give a little roar as she pretended to be the iconic Star Wars character. DON'T MISS...BBC blasted over ‘disgraceful’ footage of grieving families in Turkey [REACTION]Rylan snaps BBC weather 'is a lie' in Comic Relief challenge update [VDEO]The Apprentice star addresses 'demanding' toll series took on health [EXCLUSIVE] “There you go, you did it!” Naga giggled, impressed with her co-star. The funny moment came after Naga was caught moving away from her co-host Charlie, on Friday’s BBC Breakfast. The pair were joined by Owain Wyn Evans, who remarked: “Hello, so lovely to see you both. “You know the last time I saw you both is when you both voted me out of the Weakest Link. Not awkward by the way.” “Did I vote you out?” Naga questioned. “Really?” “I think you did,” Owain told her. “Maybe it was just you Charlie.” As Charlie claimed “the whole thing was a blur” Naga was seen moving along the BBC sofa. She told him: “Well you just spent the whole time voting your colleagues out on the Weakest Link.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.