Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has hit out at the government over the lack of EU subsidy for farmers following Brexit. The Clarkson’s Farm star claimed he has been left unprepared after requesting information about the application process to no avail. He said: “The government are saying, ‘You’re still going to get subsidy’ and we’re saying, ‘Okay, what do we have to do to get it?’, but the government won’t tell us.” Jeremy continued: “It’s like FIFA saying, ‘We’re having new rules in football next year.’ ‘What new rules?’ ‘We don’t know what they are, but there are going to be new rules.’ “Well, you can’t prepare for that. How could you possibly prepare for next year’s farming when you don’t know what you’re going to get paid for? “It’s a complete c*** job. I mean, we’re just guessing, really.” The TV presenter went on to blast the government for “changing their mind” every time a new minister with “different ideas” steps in. He said: “The government say they’re going to do one thing, then they change their mind, and they just changed it again two weeks ago, and then you get a new minister with different ideas, and it changes again. “You just say, ‘Oh, come on! Make your mind up, and then stick to it.’” Jeremy made the comments ahead of the second series of Clarkson's Farm, which is landing on Amazon Prime Video in a matter of days. Last year, amateur farmer Jeremy made a profit of just £144 and he hopes to increase this figure by diversifying. In the opening episode of series two, the harvest season is set to hit Jeremy again. However, his biggest challenge is the fallout from Brexit which means farmers are facing uncertain futures, with subsidies disappearing. The only thing which is certain is that farms have to diversify to survive, and Jeremy plans on doing just that. DON'T MISS...Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [UPDATE]The Grammys sees Lizzo take spotlight in orange as she joins guests [GRAMMYS]Doja Cat and Bebe Rexha lead with red carpet looks at Grammy Awards [PICS] He soon starts shopping for a herd of cows, a new flock of chickens and an on-site restaurant which sells Diddly Squat produce. The former Top Gear host's 1,000-acre farm is located in Chipping Norton in the Cotswolds. Despite the struggle over the subsidy, Jeremy declared he was “the happiest a man can be” as he met his first grandchild over the weekend. The presenter announced his good news to the world on Sunday in a heartwarming Instagram post featuring his family’s new addition. Jeremy stared at the newborn infant adoringly as he shared his first picture with his new granddaughter with his 5.2 million followers. The TV star’s daughter Emily Clarkson, 28, shared the joyful news that she has given birth to a daughter, Arlo Rose Andrew. Beneath a picture of himself holding the tiny baby, Jeremy wrote: “The happiest a man can be.” Clarkson's Farm season two lands on Amazon Prime Video on February 10.