With the matches coming thick and fast, Manchester United are expected to make as many as five changes for Sunday’s Premier League clash with Leicester. The Red Devils beat the same opponents 1-0 earlier in the season, with Jadon Sancho scoring the only goal of the game. Express Sport now takes a look at how Erik ten Hag’s team are likely to line up for the contest at Old Trafford. It would be a major surprise to see David De Gea benched by United. The Spain international struggled at the start of the season, making costly errors in defeats to Brighton and Brentford. However, since then, the 32-year-old has been consistent. De Gea impressed again as United held Barcelona to a 2-2 draw in their Europa League clash on Thursday night. And it’s hard to see Tom Heaton or Jack Butland coming into the side at the expense of the veteran on Sunday. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford Given Lisandro Martinez’s fine displays this term, we’re expecting the Argentina international to come into the team at the expense of Tyrell Malacia. Luke Shaw should, in turn, revert back to left-back. But United may make two other changes in defence as they gear up for the showdown with Brendan Rodgers’ side. Diogo Dalot would provide more of an attacking threat than Aaron Wan-Bissaka, having been benched due to the defensive differences between the pair for the draw with Barcelona on Thursday. And with United managing the game time of Raphael Varane cautiously, Harry Maguire may feasibly come in. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Casemiro impressed against Barcelona, with the Brazil international bringing much-needed steel to the midfield. However, the former Real Madrid star remains suspended domestically following his red card against Crystal Palace earlier in the month. Marcel Sabitzer, consequently, is primed to partner up with Fred. And, in the No 10 role, United are expected to continue their Wout Weghorst experiment. The Netherlands international is a striker by trade but, against both Barcelona and Leeds recently, he’s been used as a No 10. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here With Weghorst playing as a No 10, Bruno Fernandes has found himself being used out wide. So it’s possible Ten Hag will stick to that experiment as United go in search of another three points. Marcus Rashford has been in deadly form this season, netting 22 goals across all competitions. Therefore, he’ll potentially be used up top due to Weghorst playing further back. Jadon Sancho is still being eased back, so Alejandro Garnacho looks to be a starter on the left of their attack. Full XI: De Gea, Dalot, Martinez, Maguire, Shaw, Sabitzer, Fred, Weghorst, Fernandes, Rashford, Garnacho Speaking before the game against Leicester, meanwhile, Ten Hag shut down talk of United potentially winning the Premier League title. “We don’t think about that so far,” he stated. “What we have to do is to put us, in April, in the right position, so our thinking can only be on the next game. “We always have to better than the previous game and think about it game by game - that is where our energy and focus is. “It means that we have to win on Sunday and we have to collect the three points against Leicester and that demands a lot of energy and it demands high standards.”