Prince William has been praised for his "inner strength" in the face of family rifts as he channels the spirit of his late grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. His wife Kate, Princess of Wales, has also made a strong impression as she prepares to become Queen, with comparisons being drawn between her and Princess Diana. The pair made a visit to Cornwall last week, with Councillor Pauline Giles sharing her excitement at welcoming the Duke and Duchess to the county. She told OK! magazine: "I was extremely excited to meet Kate. I've met William before but I hadn't met Kate. "As much as I think he's a lovely guy, I was very excited to meet Kate and to actually see her in the flesh. "She comes across as being such a lovely person. She was very warm and engaging with everyone she met." Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told the magazine that Kate's personability and warmth remind her of William's own mother Diana, who was also adored by the people. She said: "I really see Kate channelling Diana. Not in the way, so many others have compared their eye for fashion or their looks, but in the way she interacts with others, particularly children. "She has this air of being personable with whoever she meets. She never looks down on people or patronises them - she speaks to them at their height, so to speak." READ MORE: William has 'reservations' about Harry attending Coronation – source She continued: "Diana alway emphasised that approach to people, that we're all of equal importance. "And I see that with Catherine. She's delicate and caring but at the same time, she's fun and intrigued." When referring to William Ms Schofield said: "There's something to be said about William's inner strength, which I've always thought he got from his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth." DON'T MISS:Camilla forced to pull out of visit due to 'seasonal illness' – Palace [LATEST]Harry and Meghan risk turning Coronation into 'Netflix series' [SPOTLIGHT]Royal Family 'spitting feathers' over Harry's memoir claims – source [REVEAL] Since the publication of Prince Harry's memoir Spare in January a number of accusation have been levelled at William and Kate, including that William physically attacked his brother duting an argument in 2019 and the couple did not get on with Harry's wife Meghan Markle. According to royal insiders William is "furious" at Harry, with the family in shock at the claims publicly made. Royal expert Kate Nicholl said: "William’s privately seething and devastated by what Harry has done. And just cannot forgive Harry for the things that he’s written. "They’ve been taken aback by the level of detail and just how far Harry has gone in all of this."