A furious mum has been handed a three-month ban from her son's primary school after a row over a dinner lady. Kerry Riley stormed into the school like a "momma-bear" and called the headteacher "a few names under the sun".   The next morning, with the intention of apologising, the 29-year-old took eight-year-old Tjay to Knutton St Mary's Primary Academy in Staffordshire. However, she discovered she was banned and was kicked off the premises.  Kerry, from Silverdale, Staffordshire, told StokeonTrentLive: "I basically told the headteacher that he had the rest of the week to sort things out or I would end up dragging the dinner lady out myself. I did call him a few names under the sun. "When I went into school the next morning he then pulled me aside. "He said 'You’ve not received your email, you’re not allowed on the premises'." The email revealed the school had "concerns" over Kerry's recent behaviour on the site. It said her "aggressive manner", "threatening language" and "swearing" towards staff had led the school to issue the three-month ban. Kerry added: "They're classing it as a threat that I had stated I would 'pull her out of school myself'. "I was thinking it was a joke. I have issues with this dinner lady. "I’d previously spoken to them nicely about it and they had made a verbal agreement. "The school basically agreed that they would keep her away from him. "Then, he came out on two separate days saying she’d approached him and spoken to him." Tjay is currently off school - despite staff having made arrangements for him to be collected at the gate. Kerry added: "It’s one of them, he’s my son, he’s my responsibility to make sure he goes in. You can’t see the door that he goes in and out of. "My son’s currently not in school. I‘m a single parent. At the minute he’s missing out on school. "He got upset this morning, he’s upset about not being around his friends." Knutton St Mary's Academy has issued a statement following its clash with Kerry.  Headteacher Paul Berridge said: "As a rule, we do not usually comment on individual cases. "However, I wish to reassure you that we take the safeguarding of pupils very seriously at Knutton St Mary’s. "What we are not prepared to accept is threats of physical violence and inappropriate abusive language towards staff. "In such situations, a banning order may be issued to a parent. "Separate arrangements are made to ensure that the child can continue to be brought to school and dropped off and picked up at the gate, as is the case in this instance."