The Bank of England has increased its Base Rate 10 times since the start of last year to help stem the UK’s staggering 10.5 percent inflation rate. However, this has generally come as better news for savers as banks and building societies have been increasing interest rates across their own products in line with it, and some ISAs are offering rates worth more than four times what they were last year. Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Savers have just a couple of months left until the new tax year begins, so time is ticking for them to utilise their current ISA allowance. Thankfully, the run-up to ISA season is looking bright as rates are much more favourable than they were a year ago.” Ms Springall continued: “Those savers who locked into a top one-year fixed rate ISA a year ago will find the equivalent top deal pays more than four times the amount of interest. Consumers who prefer a longer-term fixed ISA will be pleased to see much higher rates when they come off their current deal this year, as the top rate on a five-year fixed ISA is over two percent higher than the equivalent deal in 2018.” However, she noted that it’s important for savers to check rates regularly to keep on top of the latest rises and if it’s possible, look for an alternative deal that allows them to transfer in their current ISA to keep their tax-free wrapper intact. Ms Springall added: “There are also many types of ISAs to consider away from a traditional cash ISA, such as stocks and shares ISAs and Lifetime ISAs which can be more beneficial for specific goals.” READ MORE: Bank offers market-leading 7% interest rate on regular savings  While there are currently no savings accounts offering an interest rate that exceeds the UK’s 10.5 percent inflation, fixed-term cash ISAs are typically known for offering some of the higher rates on the market. These accounts come with additional benefits, such as enabling savers’ money to grow without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). However, ISAs can come with a few more restrictions, like penalty charges for early access or transfers. It makes the account a better savings option for those who can put money away and keep it there without touching it for a few years. But like with all accounts, some banks are currently offering better rates than others. Here are the top 10 fixed-rate ISAs available right now, according to Moneyfacts’ Best Buys. Ranking top of the list of fixed rate ISAs with the highest interest rate is Virgin Money’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Exclusive (Issue 4) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 4.25 percent. DON'T MISS: Premium Bonds winner dispels common myth [INSIGHT]Mortgage expert issues key tips to help 'stave off' interest rate rise [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]    There is no minimum deposit required to open the account, but savers must have a current account with Virgin Money which was opened on or after December 4, 2019. Or, must have originally opened their current account with Clydesdale Bank, Yorkshire Bank or have a Signature Current Account. Interest is calculated daily and paid at the end of the fixed term on January 31, 2024. Some or all of the money can be withdrawn during the fixed term, but it can't be put back in, and any amount paid into the account will count towards the person’s annual ISA allowance limit even if they later withdraw it. Savers will also be charged 60 days' interest on the amount taken out during the fixed term. Only one account can be opened per UK resident and they must be aged over 16. Savers with Virgin Money can also have access to special deals across the wider Virgin Group that can help people save on things like everyday essentials, as well as bigger things like days out and holidays. Placing second, third, and fourth on the list of high interest paying cash ISAs are accounts offered by Gatehouse Bank; its Three Year, Four Year, and Five year Woodland Cash ISA, which pays an expected profit rate of 4.2 percent. READ MORE: Brits fall under one of these seven money personalities, study finds  Gatehouse Bank operates under Sharia principles, which means profit is earned instead of interest. And with a Woodland Saver, a new tree planted in UK woodland per bank account opened or renewed. Each account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open and interest is paid on the anniversary of doing so. Withdrawals are also permitted for each account, however, a penalty charge will be added depending on the account. The Three Year Cash ISA will be subject to a reduction in profit of 270 days, while the Four Year and Five Year Cash ISAs will be subject to a reduction in profit of 360 days and 365 days, respectively. Fifth on the list is Close Brothers Savings’ Five Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA also with an AER of 4.2 percent. This account requires a minimum investment of £5,000 to open and interest is calculated daily and paid on the anniversary of the account opening. This account is slightly more flexible as it does allow withdrawals, however, the full amount must be transferred or withdrawn and there will be a fixed charge of 365 days’ worth of interest. Placing sixth is the State Bank of India’s Five Year Cash ISA with an AER of 4.15 percent. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £5,000 and interest is calculated daily and compounded annually. Partial withdrawals and transfers are not permitted. Ranking seventh is Virgin Money’s Two Year Fixed Rate Case E-ISA (Issue 542) with an AER of 4.11 percent. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest can be paid either monthly or annually. Annual interest is paid on August 5, while monthly interest is paid on the last day of the month. Withdrawals from this account are permitted but money cannot be put back in. Any withdrawals made within the fixed rate period are subject to a charge equivalent to 90 days' loss of interest on the amount withdrawn. Placing eighth and ninth on the list are UBL UK’s Three Year and Four Year Cash ISA, also with AERs of 4.11 percent. These accounts can be opened with a minimum deposit of £2,000 and interest is paid on the anniversary of opening.  Early withdrawals in full (and no partial withdrawal) are allowed before the full term expires, however, there will be an early withdrawal charge. A total of 270 days’ gross interest will be charged for early withdrawals on the Three Year account, while a more sizeable 365 days’ gross interest will be charged on the Four Year account. Finally, placing tenth is Barclays Bank’s Two Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 37) with an AER of 4.10 percent. The account can also be opened with £1 and monthly and end-of-term interest payment options are available. End-of-term interest is compounded annually and added to the funds deposited in the ISA when it matures, while monthly interest can't be paid back into the ISA or directly into any other ISA or bond. Up to three withdrawals are permitted during the two-year term, and the maximum value per withdrawal on this cash ISA is 10 percent of the balance at the time the withdrawal is made. People are allowed to close the account early, as well as transfer the whole balance before the maturity date, however, a charge equivalent to 180 days’ tax-free interest will be applied based on the balance at the time. 