Greata Thunberg has insisted that capitalism is the cause of the environmental crisis and argued it's a mistake to rely on the same economic system to provide a solution. This criticism is contained in a new book called "The Climate Book: The Facts and the Solutions," which contains essays written by professionals in the fields of meteorology, engineering, oceanography, and history who contend that catastrophic climate change can still be avoided. In the past, Thunberg has lambasted business leaders for putting the interests of those affected by the climate catastrophe ahead of short-term profits, singling out those who make investments in fossil fuels during the annual Davos gathering. "The Climate Book" features a range of contributors, including experienced scientists like Johan Rockström, Michael Mann, Katherine Hayhoe, Friedrike Otto, Stefan Rahmstorf, Saleemul Huq and Carlos Nobre. In addition to scientists, the book also includes contributions from writers like Margaret Atwood, and David Wallace-Wells, whose essay "The Uninhabitable Earth" is the most-read article in the history of New York Magazine. in the book, Thunberg writes: "If you are one of the 19 million U.S. citizens or the 4 million citizens of China who belong to the [wealthiest] top 1 percent — along with everyone else who has a net worth of $1,055,337 or more — then hope is perhaps not what you need the most. At least not from an objective perspective." The accuracy of the emissions reductions listed in territorial data is also contested by Thunberg. She argues: "How do all those reductions hold up once we include our total emissions, rather than carefully managed territorial statistics?" Thunberg suggest that this approach not only exploits cheap labor but also erases the true impact of associated emissionsShe writes: "In other words, all those emissions that we so successfully negotiated out of these figures. "For instance, outsourcing factories to distant parts of the world and negotiating emissions from international aviation and shipping out of our statistics, which means that we not only manufacture our products by using cheap labor and exploiting people, we also erase the associated emissions — emissions that have, in reality, increased. Is that progress?" DON'T MISS:Putin massing fighter jets for 'aerial attack on Ukraine' [REPORT]Putin facing ‘critical weakness’ in Ukraine with tanks shortage [REPORT]Putin sends nuclear-warships to the Arctic for first time in decades [REPORT] Thunberg gained notoriety five years ago for staging a solitary protest in front of Sweden's Parliament, which ultimately led to the creation of Fridays for Future, a youth-led movement centred around school strikes. The book argues that it is still possible to take action and includes charts highlighting the severity of the situation. In it, Thunberg concludes on a hopeful note, which contrasts with the alarming tone that she typically adopts when addressing international organizations like the United Nations or the World Economic Forum. Thunberg says: "Keeping emissions below 1 metric ton per person a year will not be a problem for the majority of the world’s population, since they will only need to make modest reductions — if any — in order to live inside the planetary boundaries, in many cases, they would even be able to increase their emissions quite substantially."