The Coronation Street barmaid recently started experiencing some strange things, and it turns out Justin (played by Andrew Still) has been stalking her ever since the pair met at the hospital while Daisy anxiously awaited medical test results. While Daisy (Charlotte Jordan) has been trying to put on a brave face, it seems Justin won't be calming down with his behaviour anytime soon, and fans of the ITV soap will see his stalking of Daisy escalate. In upcoming scenes, Daisy receives a voicemail from her stalker explaining he tracked down her number from a delivery package. A panicked Daisy ignores the message and switches off her phone. Later though, when she checks it again she is bombarded with a string of texts from Justin. Overwhelmed and scared, Daisy breaks down in tears in Daniel Osbourne's (Rob Mallard) arms. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Daniel then scrolls through the many messages and becomes worried about his fiance. He decides they need to go to the police and show them the extent of Justin's stalking. Daisy shows PC Scott the recent texts from Justin, however, the office plays it down. When she returns home later, Daisy is horrified to see that PC Scott has liked all her holiday snaps on social media. Could Daisy be in danger? And with the police not taking the harassment seriously, it's likely things will continue to get worse. Just last week, Justin showed up at Daisy's wedding fair, pretending he was her fiance. He was later spotted in Weatherfield, and Daisy has been left shaken by his behaviour ever since. Could something terrible happen to the beloved soap character? DON'T MISS... Will Mellor wanted to get Keith Lemon 'out of comfort zone' in show [EXCLUSIVE]Archie Battersbee's mum fights tears as 'heart's been ripped out' [VIDEO]Chris Packham awkwardly shuts down GMB host over 'unfriendly' remark [LATEST] Speaking recently to Express.co.uk and other press, actress Charlotte explained: "It was really important to do this storyline and it is clever to do it with a character like Daisy because she's a divisive character. "You either love her or hate her, there's not really an in-between and all the things that make her Daisy. "She's extra, she's flamboyant, she's camp, she's big, and you will slowly see she starts to crumble." It seems Justin's stalking will have a drastic impact on Daisy.  Charlotte has suggested the once-confident character will begin to fall apart. Could she be forced to cancel the wedding she's so excited about? She might believe it could spur Justin on to do something more drastic as she walks down the aisle with all eyes on her. Daisy and Daniel have been eagerly awaiting their big day, but maybe with Justin's harassment chipping away at her, she'll decide it's best to call the wedding off. Probably too stung by PC Scott's behaviour to go back to the police, Daisy might decide to withdraw from everything as the stalking continues, believing if she keeps a low profile she'll be safer. Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV.