Michael Strahan and George Stephanopoulos took their normal positions on the long-running ABC news show, as they discussed the morning's top headlines from Times Square. However, GMA familiar face, Robin Roberts appeared to start her weekend early as she was missing from Friday's instalment of the show. After dropping exciting career news, Good Morning America anchor Robin Roberts didn’t show up for the morning show. However, the broadcaster did present the shows that aired Monday through to Thursday. Instead, broadcast journalist Linsey Davis, who usually presents the Sunday edition of the ABC news show, temporarily replaced her for Friday's show. Alongside Davis, Michael Strahan and George Stephanopoulos carried on as normal by presenting the show. READ MORE: NCIS LA's Daniela Ruah confirms presenting gig after CBS drama axed Roberts' absence comes after the ABC news anchor took to Instagram to announce the second season of her Emmy-Award-winning chat show, Turning The Tables with Robin Roberts. Roberts shared a montage of clips from her upcoming show, giving fans a first look into who they can expect to see appearing in season two. She captioned the video: “Iconic women. Real conversations. Season 2 of Turning the tables with Robin Roberts starts streaming March 15th only on @disneyplus #TTTWRR.” Fans can look forward to the likes of comedian Loni love, TV personality Kelly Osbourne, singer Hayley Kiyoko, actress Brooke Shield and many other famous faces.  Roberts also shared the news of her show returning for a second run to her 1.1 million Twitter followers, sharing how she’s “excited to sit down with a new group of dynamic women for conversations about their incredible journeys and paths to purpose”. Fans flooded the star's comment section with words of praise and excitement for the second season of the chat show. “Robin I am so excited for the new season of Turning The Tables,” thrilled fan @edwardistheman commented with a second, @BethPainter1123 echoing: “Looking forward to this!!!” Another follower, @JohnWBrown1, commented: “The diversity represented in these photos is beautiful to behold. Way to go, Ms. Robin [love heart emoji].” And @Johnsba52523 added: “Congratulations Beautiful Ladies." DON'T MISS:NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-starNCIS Hawaii season 2 won't return to CBS next week in schedule changeNCIS LA's Eric Christian Olsen 'overwhelmed' as he talks new project  At the beginning of the year, Roberts announced she was going to be absent from her GMA role as she was taking on a new adventure. She revealed she would be flying Down Under with her trusty “glam fam” as she reported from New Zealand on an assignment from GMA. After delivering the morning message and prayer before going on the air, she shared a video saying: "We're taking off! After several months of planning, glam fam and I, we're going to New Zealand! We leave today, we'll be reporting from there next week." The broadcaster explained: "It'll be a little challenging for us to post a daily message and prayer, but you know, we're always with you in spirit." Whilst balancing her overseas work trips and the hotly-anticipated season two of her chat show, Roberts is also planning her wedding. The star is set to marry her longtime partner Amber Laign later this year. The pair have been together almost two decades, sharing good and even devastating times together, such as Roberts’ dark spell with a bone marrow transplant in 2012 and their separate battles with breast cancer. Good Morning America airs weekdays and Saturdays at 7am on ABC in the US.