 The box office legend and his family have officially joined reality TV for their upcoming Paramount Plus show, The Family Stallone. The eight-part series will star Sylvester, his wife Jennifer Flavin and their daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet.   After starring on screens for six decades, fans will gain a glimpse of Sylvester’s home life as they gain access to his personal life for the first time ever. The series will also allow viewers to get to know his wife Jennifer, who first met the actor back in 1988. In the promotional video for The Family Stallone, Sylvester hung from a treacherous mountain as his daughters watched, completely unimpressed. The Rocky alum climbed to the side of the mountain to reveal the side of the cliff was carved to resemble himself. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'woke' decision to ban Tom Jones' Delilah  Watching from a distance and unfazed by their father, Scarlet asked: “Is that dad?” “He always does this,” an unimpressed Sophia responded. Paramount Plus confirmed The Family Stallone would premiere this spring. They said: “After playing some of the most legendary characters in cinematic history, three-time Academy Award nominee Sylvester Stallone is ready to give cameras access to what he would consider the greatest role of his lifetime: dad." According to Variety: “This new series starring Stallone’s three daughters, wife and himself offers a seat at the table of one of Hollywood’s most famous families.”     As well as a look into Sylvester’s personal life, the series will also follow his wife and daughters. As a successful businesswoman, Jennifer is the co-owner of the wellness brand Serious Skin Care. As for their children, Sophia and Sistine both host the Unwaxed podcast together. Although Sophia has no interest in the entertainment industry, Sistine is a model, actress and filmmaker. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway fights tears as she confronts Matt Hancock [INSIGHT] Creed 3 cast – Where you have seen Creed 3 stars before [INSIGHT]Sylvester Stallone slams claim he wanted Pamela as 'no.1 girl' [INSIGHT]   Scarlet has already had a taste of Hollywood as she starred alongside Sylvester in his recent crime series, Tulsa King. While fans will have to wait and see what the reality show will include, Deadline revealed: “Scarlet Stallone is the youngest and is moving into her own apartment at college.” For years, Sylvester has offered photos and videos of his family on social media. While they have become Instagram famous in their own right, the show will provide an in-depth glimpse into the Stallone family. As well as a new reality series, the Hollywood actor will soon return to screens for season two of Tulsa King, where he stars as Dwight Manfredi. Speaking on the crime drama, showrunner Terence Winter shared: “I think this is a version of Sly that very few people have ever gotten to see before. “This is closer to the real person than anything he’s ever done, aside from the Mafia stuff, of course. “He’s very funny, very smart and incredibly well-read. He’s sarcastic, self-deprecating and soulful. “So much of Dwight is actually taken from the real guy. I haven’t seen him flex those muscles on-screen before,” Terence added to Variety.  The Family Stallone will premiere on Paramount Plus this spring. 