Power cuts plunged hundreds of households across northern England into darkness earlier this morning. The outages affected five regions served by the Northern Powergrid, with the main impact said to be on North Lincolnshire, where 197 homes were affected. County Durham was the next worse hit — with power cuts on 150 properties — with a smattering of outages also hitting West Yorkshire (9 homes), Kingston Upon Hull (7) and South Yorkshire (2), according to poweroutage. According to the Northern Powergrid website, there was an unplanned power cut at 1.39am this morning. At present, only 15 properties remain affected, the operator told Express.co.uk. These, their website reports, lie across four postcodes in Doncaster — specifically, DN15 8AZ, DN15 8AU, DN15 8BA and DN15 8AB — with power expected to be restored by noon today. A spokesperson said: “There are various reasons for the outages that have occurred this morning — Fuse operation in the substation, Underground cable repairs.” In addition, Northern Powergrid noted a planned power cut, due to affect less than ten properties between 6.30am – 8.30am this morning in the postcode BD21 in Bradford. Two other small power cuts were recorded as occurring last night — one in the DN2 area of Doncaster, the other in Hull (HU5 1PU and HU5 1PP). In both episodes, less than 10 houses were affected. According to the National Grid Electricity System Operator, local power outages can be traced back to a variety of causes. These include “acts of nature”, with lightning strikes, flooding and fallen trees all having the potential to cause damage to power cables and related equipment. Accidents can also cause power cuts — with cables known to be damaged by contractors working on equipment, as a result of insulation failures over time, or even from people digging in their own gardens. Finally, fires and theft have the potential to damage substations and other network equipment. The National Grid Electricity System Operator said: “Local outages are not the responsibility of National Grid ESO, but the distribution network operators who maintain the power lines that connect your home or business to the transmission network.” READ MORE: Energy horror as UK's largest gas supplier threatens to cut supply The Met Office has some helpful advice on how to prepare for — and handle — a power cut. It is wise, they said, to keep a supply of torches and batteries to hand in the event of an emergency, and to ensure that you keep your mobile phone charged so that you can still make calls, in an emergency situation, should the power supply fail. The Met Office added: “If electricity is crucial for any medical equipment you have, please contact your distribution network operator […] as they may be able to put you on their priority register for assistance during any power outage.” In the event that a blackout strikes, they continued, it is best to keep fridges and freezers closed — as so they remain cold — look out for any senior or vulnerable neighbours, and switch off appliances like irons, ovens, electric fires, etc. so that they don’t pose a potential hazard when the power is restored. DON'T MISS:Energy horror as UK's largest gas supplier threatens to cut supply [INSIGHT]Putin poised to target UK-Norway energy supplies with new weapons [ANALYSIS]Demands for Biden to sanction countries behind Putin energy lifeline [REPORT]  Northern Powergrid also recommends that during a power failure, customers wrap up warm with blankets or extra clothes, and look out for fish and livestock which may be vulnerable. And when it comes to planned power outages, they added, it is wise to prepare beforehand by making a hot water bottle for warmth and filling a thermos with a warm drink if it is cold. In advance of a known outage, those operating computers should ensure they regularly back up their work and important files — while stair lift owners should avoid using these machines in the run-up to the power cut in order to avoid being stuck between floors. They also noted that both home and fire alarms may be affected during power cuts — and should be checked afterwards to ensure normal operation has been resumed. 