A Dutch researcher and YouTuber has gone viral for predicting the earthquake which struck Turkey and Syria, three days before two massive quakes rocked the region on Monday, February 6. A rescue operation is underway across much of southern Turkey and northern Syria following a huge earthquake that has killed at least 3,500 people.  A new 7.5-magnitude tremor hit at around 13:30 local time (10:30 GMT), which officials said was "not an aftershock". Hailing from the Netherlands, Frank Hoogerbeets, a researcher from the 'Solar System Geography Survey (SSGEOS)', shared his prediction on social media days ago, warning of an impending major earthquake. According to the SSGEOS website, their purpose is “monitoring geometry between celestial bodies related to seismic activity”. SSGEOS monitoring activities are based on evidence that “specific geometry in the Solar System may cause larger earthquakes”.   The tweet was written on February 3 and currently has over 36 million views. He tweeted: “Sooner or later there will be a ~M 7.5 #earthquake in this region (South-Central Turkey, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon).” Mr Hoogerbeets also warned of additional strong quakes in Central Turkey and nearby regions. He said: “Aftershocks usually continue for a while after a major earthquake.” READ MORE: Russian troops face 4-hour life expectancy inside Ukraine frontline  However, Mr Hoogerbeets predictions has been slammed by critics within the scientific community who claimed the theory is not universally accepted. Acclaimed geologist Bryan Gaensler, previously told MailOnline Mr Hoogerbeets' theories have no merit. Professor Gaensler told Daily Mail Australia: “It's pretty simple - planetary alignment doesn't have any impact on earthquakes.” Roger Musson, author and geoscientist with over 35 years of experience in seismology, who formerly worked for the British Geological Survey as Head of Seismic Hazard and Archives, told Newsweek: “A prediction should state time, place and magnitude. “'Sooner or later' does not constitute a time. So he did not predict the quake.” More than 1,000 people are reported to have died in Syria. Rescuers are racing to save people trapped beneath the rubble after hundreds of buildings collapsed in both countries. World leaders have pledged to send aid after Turkey issued an international appeal for help. Millions of people across Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Cyprus and Israel felt the earthquake The scientist also wrote: “My heart goes out to everyone affected by the major earthquake in Central Turkey. DON'T MISS:2,600 dead in devastating Turkey-Syria earthquake [INSIGHT]Meghan shared heartwarming farewell message to readers on her blog [REVEAL]Epsom College head found dead at school alongside husband and daughter [SPOTLIGHT] “As I stated earlier, sooner or later this would happen in this region, similar to the years 115 and 526. “These earthquakes are always preceded by critical planetary geometry, as we had on 4-5 Feb.” The earthquake which first hit near Gaziantep on Monday was estimated to be 7.8, classified as "major", on the official magnitude scale. Its centre was relatively shallow at about 18km (11 miles), causing serious damage to buildings on the surface.    