After Stacey Solomon sparked debate last month, another celebrity has weighed in on how often they wash their bedding. Kerry Katona has sparked debate after admitting she only changes her bedding every two weeks. The former Atomic Kitten singer, 42, wrote in her New! magazine column: “I live in a big house with a lot of kids, so it’s a hassle. Share the same bleeding towel, that’s what I say!” She added: “It’s not good for the environment, or for your energy bills to keep washing them. It’s the same as bed sheets. I probably change my sheets every fortnight.” With this in mind, sleep experts have shared how often we should be washing our bedding and how to properly wash our bedding. Martin Seeley, the CEO and sleep expert at MattressNextDay explained why we should be washing our bedding at least once a week. He said: “Ideally, you should be washing your bed sheets every single week. READ MORE: First time buyer's dramatic transformation of tired Victorian terrace “Every night, the average person sweats at least 200ml of liquid, which naturally seeps through to your duvet. “Further studies show that the average bedding harbours around 20,000 dust mites which can be triggering for those that suffer from allergies, therefore, causing a runny nose, congestion and more. “Given that 80 percent of dust mites are made up of your dead skin, which you naturally produce more of overnight, you should be washing your bedding at least once a week. “However, if you tend to get night sweats or get hot flushes, you should wash your bed sheets even more often. DON'T MISSBanish algae from patios and paving without ‘scrubbing’ [INSIGHT]‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [UPDATE]Remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving in ‘15 minutes’ with one ingredient [ANALYSIS] “If your bedding feels damp or ‘clammy’ in the morning, you should strip them and wash them straight away.” The expert also said some medical conditions require bedding to be cleaned more frequently as it could trigger allergies. He added: “In addition, some medical conditions require that your bed is as clean as it can be with no bacteria or dust to trigger allergies. “Suppose you suffer from a skin condition such as eczema or psoriasis, or a respiratory condition like asthma. READ MORE: 'Vanquish caked-on debris' in your oven with one dishwasher tablet Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “In that case, it may be aggravated by dust mites or bacteria built up in a dirty bed. Therefore, you should wash your sheets as often as possible.” Martin said you should wash your bedding at 60C as this is the recommended temperature for “killing germs”. However, you will need to combine this wash with a good detergent to protect your bedding and keep it extra soft. If possible, you should aim to air dry your sheets to save money on tumble dryer costs. Tumble dryers can cost Britons a whopping £175 per year. They also make bedding more wrinkled. Martin added: “With this in mind, try hanging your sheets outside allowing the creases to naturally fall out. “Plus the ultraviolet rays of the sunlight will remove any bacteria and bleach your sheets, which is extra beneficial for those with white sheets. “In addition, you should let your mattress air for at least 30 minutes in the morning before making your bed. “This is because dust mites tend to thrive in warmer environments, therefore, letting your mattress air allows it to cool down, decreasing the number of dust mites it attracts.”