Liverpool fans have nothing to fear over Thiago Alcantara's ominous absence from team training on Thursday, according to reports. It's been an injury-riddled campaign for Jurgen Klopp's side throughout the season so far. Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota have been long-term absentees while the likes of Roberto Firmino, Virgil van Dijk, Ibrahima Konate and Naby Keita have missed large chunks of the season too. But their luck appears to be changing with several players back from their injury lay-offs this week. Jota looks set to be in contention to make his long-awaited return against Everton on Monday while Arthur Melo is also back and available. Van Dijk and Firmino have also stepped up their recoveries while Fabinho is back after missing the defeat to Wolves due to illness. There was some concern among Liverpool supporters as Thiago appeared not to be present as part of the group for the team training session. The Spaniard has been the only mainstay in Klopp's midfield of late and has started all 10 of Liverpool's matches since the season resumed after the World Cup.  However, the Liverpool Echo claim Thiago's absence from the team session was due to the midfielder undergoing his 'own individual training programme'. It's indicated that Thiago should be ready to take his place in the line-up for Monday's derby against Everton. Liverpool are in need of picking up a result against their local rivals having yet to win a league match in 2023. They've fallen to 10th in the table and face a mountain to climb to try and reach the top four. The Reds do have games in hand on sides above them, but are now relying on others to drop significant points to reach the Champions League positions. But with several key first-team players returning from injury, Klopp could soon get the boost he's been so desperate for all season.  They've failed to build up any momentum in the league and confidence appears to be low in the side at the moment. Klopp appeared fed up when summing up the team's performance last week in the defeat to Wolves. "Obviously it was a horrible start," Klopp said. "Two goals which cannot happen like that. But it happened and we were 2-0 down because of our own fault. "We should have defended better. We were passive in that period. I cannot explain it. There is no excuse for it. You're 2-0 down, the crowd is there but it opens up and we get some control. Then for about 45 minutes we play a good away game without scoring. That sums it up pretty much."