Anyone who regularly uses the WhatsApp Status feature is about to see a swathe of changes arriving on their smartphones. The Meta-owned service has just revealed that it is adding some useful features that will make posting on the platform more interactive and a lot more private. For those not already aware, the WhatsApp Status function allows users to easily share updates with friends and family. These can include photos, videos, texts and GIFs with each update disappearing after 24 hours. Now, this WhatsApp function is getting some big improvements which inlcude being able to limit the contacts who can see the posts and adding the ability to include voice messages. Users will also be able to react to Status updates via emojis and there's an easier way to see if someone has recently added something to their Status via Profile Rings. This ring will be present around the contact’s profile picture whenever a status update is shared. WhatsApp says this upgrade will be pushed out to devices in the coming days and weeks with Android and iPhone users all able to access the upgrade. "We’re excited to add a set of new features to status on WhatsApp that make it easier to express yourself and connect with others," the Meta owned firm said in blog post. If you love adding things to your Status each day, here are all the new features coming soon. NEW! Private Audience Selector Every status you share may not always be right for all of your contacts so WhatsApp is now providing users with the flexibility to update their privacy settings per status so they can choose who views their status each time it's updated. The most recent audience selection will then be saved and used as the default for the next status. NEW! Voice Status Love the sound of your voice? Good news as WhatsApp is introducing the ability to record and share voice messages up to 30 seconds on WhatsApp status. Voice status can be used for sending more personal updates, especially if you feel more comfortable expressing yourself by talking rather than typing. NEW! Status Reactions WhatsApp is adding status reactions to provide a quick and easy way to respond to status updates from your friends and close contacts. According to the firm this was the number 1 feature users wanted, following the launch of Reactions last year. You can now quickly reply to any status by swiping up and tapping on one of eight emojis. Plus, you can still reply to a status with text, voice messages, stickers and more. NEW! Status Profile Rings for New Updates With the new status profile ring, the idea is that you’ll never miss a status from a loved one. This ring will be present around your contact’s profile picture whenever they share a status update. It will be visible in the chat lists, group participant lists, and contact info. NEW! Link Previews on Status Now when you post a link on your status, you’ll automatically see a visual preview of the link content, just like when you send a message. WhatsApp say that visual previews make your statuses look better, and also give your contacts a better idea of what the link is before they click.