Marjorie Taylor Greene branded former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley a "Buch in heels" as she brutally rejected Nikki Haley's decision to run in the GOP primaries. Haley is the first leading Republican to throw her hat into the ring and openly challenge Donald Trump for the nomination. But Greene took to Twitter to savage Haley as a "weak" alternative to Joe Biden, suggesting moderate conservative Liz Cheney would have a better chance at beating Trump. The Georgia Rep said: "Nikki Haley is just another George (or Jeb!) Bush. "She is weak on the border, doesn’t want a wall, claimed ‘Legal Immigrants are more patriotic than most Americans these days,’ and she defended Obama when Pres. Trump criticised his terrible open-borders policy. "If we wanted a ‘Bush in heels,’ Republicans would vote for Liz Cheney." Cheney has lost favour among GOP voters as her more moderate form of conservatism grew increasingly distant from the bombastic MAGA ideology Donald Trump introduced into the party. JUST IN: Chinese balloon 'targeted Hawaii' before it was blown off course and shot down Haley announced her candidacy on Tuesday before a special announcement in her native South Carolina, where she served two terms as state Governor. During her speech in Charleston on Wednesday, the former US Ambassador to the UN distanced herself from former boss Trump insisting the party is in need of a "new generation of leaders." But she also hinted at a potential example whom she might follow if elected with a heartfelt tribute to the "ultimate Iron Lady," the late Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. And former Trump ally Ralph Normal endorsed the parallel between Haley and Thatcher as he threw his support behind her for the GOP nomination. Norman said: "Nikki will be a leader with an iron fist in a velvet glove. I believe Nikki Haley is America's version of Margaret Thatcher." READ MORE: One killed and three injured in shooting at US mall - metres from scene of 2019 massacre In her announcement speech, Haley hit out at Joe Biden and his fellow Democrats as too liberal and insisted the US is not racist as they claim. Haley said that Republicans have repeatedly lost the popular vote in recent elections because they “failed to win the confidence of a majority of Americans.” She claimed the solution was to “put your trust in a new generation.” She said: “America is not past its prime. It’s just that our politicians are past theirs.” While Haley is the first major Republican to officially challenge Trump, she will hardly be the last. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, Mike Pence and former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo are among those expected to launch campaigns in the coming months. DON'T MISS:Video shows wildlife dropping dead in aftermath of toxic train crash [VIDEO]Two dead after military helicopter explodes into fireball on road [INSIGHT]US admits three UFOs shot down over America likely 'benign' [ANALYSIS] But the candidates will still need to face off with Donald Trump, who confirmed last year he is planning to reclaim the White House. He also welcomed Haley's decision to challenge him but noted she had previously insisted she would not run if he did. Speaking after she confirmed her plans to run for the GOP nomination, Trump said: "I want her to follow her heart — even though she made a commitment that she would never run against who she called the greatest president of her lifetime. And Pence said she did a “great job” when she worked in the Trump administration during a visit to the early-voting state of Iowa. The former Vice President said: “I wish her well. She may have more company soon in the race for president, and I promise folks here in Iowa and all of you I’ll keep you posted.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews