Emma Raducanu could use fellow teenage Grand Slam champion Carlos Alcaraz for some inspiration as the world No 2 opened up on how he suffered a difficult period following his maiden Major win at the US Open in September - a year after the Brit’s historic feat at the same event. Alcaraz has already bounced back to win his first tournament of the season after an extended injury layoff and Raducanu could learn from his struggles to try and do the same. Alcaraz enjoyed a breakthrough season in 2022, capped off by winning his first Grand Slam title at the US Open and ascending to world No 1 as a result. With the victory, he became the first teenage male Major champion since Rafael Nadal in 2005 and the youngest ATP No 1 in history. It didn’t come as much of a surprise given the rest of the teenager’s achievements last season, as he won two ATP 500s and two Masters titles after starting the season at No 32 in the world, entering Flushing Meadows as the third seed. But reaching the pinnacle of the sport so soon still took its toll on the Spaniard, who admitted that it spurred on the toughest period of his young career. In a Vogue interview, the seven-time title winner was asked about the most difficult time in his career and responded: “I had a bad period after I won the US Open.. That sounds like I’m making it up, but… well, I enjoyed that moment a lot.” Despite an exciting post-victory celebration at a Peruvian restaurant on the Upper East Side, Alcaraz struggled mentally on the court afterwards. JUST IN: Alcaraz urged to follow Djokovic and Nadal after 'wrong things' remark   “But the truth is, when I had to go back into competition, there was a point when I went: ‘Stress!’ You know?” Alcaraz also theorised that he may have struggled to comprehend what he had achieved or lost hope after achieving his biggest dreams so early in his career, adding: “And that was hard. Because no one was enjoying it - I wasn’t, on the court; Juanki [Juan Carlos Ferrero, his coach] wasn’t, seeing me so shut down and lacking in spark. I thought, Where do I go now?” In Alcaraz’s case, he went 1-1 in his Davis Cup matches then crashed out in the opening round of his first tour-level event in Astana before the quarter-final of the Paris Masters where he injured his ab muscle and retired to Holger Rune, ending his season early. The Spaniard picked up a new leg injury in pre-season training and had to skip the Aussie Open, returning at the Argentina Open last week and winning the tournament. And his tale could offer some hope to Raducanu, who herself was a teenager when she won the US Open title a year earlier than Alcaraz in 2021. The Bromley local’s circumstances were vastly different - she was ranked No 150, came through qualifying and was playing her fourth-ever pro event - but the after-effects appear similar. DON'T MISSAlcaraz coach reignites Djokovic injury debate with 'impossible' claimCarlos Alcaraz explains snubbing Rafael Nadal for Roger FedererDjokovic and Nadal stance on equal pay after billionaire star's views Raducanu skyrocketed into the world’s top 25 with her unprecedented win and peaked at No 10 last year but struggled to put together consistent results in her freshman year on the tour in 2022. Now ranked at No 81 in the world, the 20-year-old is hoping to slowly work her way back up the rankings and win some smaller-level titles this year. Like Alcaraz, she has also been derailed by injuries of late as a wrist issue ended her 2022 season early before she went down on her ankle at her season-opening tournament in Auckland, forcing her to retire before she produced a second-round showing at the Aussie Open just days later. With her first tournament since scheduled for next week in Texas, Raducanu can take comfort from Alcaraz’s own turnaround after winning in Argentina following his “bad” post-US Open period and take the belief that she can bounce back in the same way. 