Wrexham owner Ryan Reynolds is reportedly interested in adding another sports team to his name, and is considering a move for the National Hockey League team Ottawa Senators. The American actor has fallen in love with ownership since purchasing the Welsh team in 2021 and is keen to acquire an outfit closer to home now. Reynolds became a co-owner of Wrexham with Rob McElhenney two years ago, with their ‘Welcome to Wrexham’ documentary on Disney Plus being a roaring success. And the 46-year-old is now looking at doubling down on the fruitful concept by putting his finger in another pie by purchasing a hockey team. It is reported in Canada that Reynolds has held talks with Toronto-based estate company Remington Group to discuss purchasing the Ottawa Senators. A bid is expected to be lodged in the not-so-distant future, with plans for the takeover including a new arena being built. Local journalist Bruce Garrioch told TSN: “I think when The Remington Group met with Ryan Reynolds, he was impressed with their vision, what they want to build in Ottawa They want to make this a world-class destination for people to come to. “They also bought into the fact that Ryan Reynolds would like to do a ‘Welcome to Ottawa’ kind of series like he’s done with his Welsh football team. They certainly buy into the vision that he wants, and also what they’re willing to do is allow him to play a starring role being the face of the franchise and leading this team to the future.” The NHL commissioner Gary Bettman is welcoming a proposal and believes that Reynolds’ involvement in the Senators will spark a wider interest in the club, as well as in the league itself – as it has with Wrexham. Reports have suggested that the Senators franchise are valued at $800million (£648.5m), which evidences why Reynolds said that he would need to make a bid with a very rich company last year. He confirmed his interest in the team in 2022, saying: “I am trying to do it, but it’s very expensive. I need a partner with very deep pockets. It’s called a consortium when you form a group together to buy an entity. “It’s a fancy way of saying I need a sugar mummy or a sugar daddy. I grew up in Vancouver which has my heart. But I also grew up in Ottawa. I spent a long time in Vanier, which is a little town right inside Ottawa."