Marc Cucurella reportedly suffered a terrifying burglary shortly after his summer transfer from Brighton to Chelsea. The Spaniard becomes the third Blues player targeted over the past 18 months, with Raheem Sterling and Reece James both victim to similar incidents that saw their homes raided. Cucurella was the subject of a long-running summer transfer saga as Chelsea eventually agreed to meet Brighton's hefty £63million demands. Big things were expected of the left-back, who had impressed during his one-season stint on the south coast, but he has struggled in west London. Manager Graham Potter hinted that something may have occurred behind the scenes by claiming that Cucurella was going through a 'tough time'. According to The Sun, his house was burgled in a 'terrifying raid' shortly after completing his switch to Stamford Bridge. The aftereffects are said to have had a telling impact on his performances, with Chelsea supporters broadly frustrated by what they have seen from the 24-year-old. READ MORE: Football news LIVE - Arsenal bust-up, Mbappe's 'Man Utd' message  Back in 2021, James shared CCTV footage of burglars stealing a safe from his house, while Sterling was forced to race home from the Qatar World Cup after a similarly unsettling incident in December, before eventually jetting out to rejoin the England squad. Cucurella is gradually falling out of favour at Chelsea and he could see his game time suffer as a result of Ben Chilwell's return from injury. He had to settle for a spot on the bench against Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday evening before fans booed his introduction in the 71st minute. DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'face relegation' amid probe into alleged referee paymentMan Utd sent painful Frenkie de Jong reminder as Xavi twists knifeArsenal one step ahead of rivals after 'holding talks' for Vitor Roque  The once-capped Spanish international rose through the ranks with Barcelona but made his La Liga breakthrough with Getafe, where he spent two seasons before tempting the Seagulls to make their move. Cucurella thrived under Potter at the Amex Stadium last campaign, establishing himself as an energetic wide option and earning admirers at Manchester City. Blues fans are yet to see the best of him amid the team's run of faltering form, with just two assists to boast in 26 appearances for the club so far. Supporters cheered Cucurella being substituted at the weekend, prompting Potter to defend his struggling new recruit.  "Supporters are entitled to their opinion of course, they just want the team to do well and as I said in the previous press conference I don’t think Marc is in his absolute best moment," he told reporters. "But at the same time he’s been part of a team that’s kept a clean sheet at Anfield, a clean sheet against Fulham. "In the summer, I know because I was the selling club, there was another club that were interested in Marc. From a points view in the Premier League they are a good club, so Marc hasn’t become a bad player at all but some players can go through bad times so we need to stick together and help him. Supporters are entitled to their opinion there’s nothing for me to be critical of. That’s just what we have to work with."