Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri lost his cool with Italian Sky Sports pundits after the Bianconeri were held to a frustrating 1-1 draw with Nantes on Thursday evening. The French side went into the clash as heavy underdogs, but the shock result means they now stand a good chance of progressing with the reverse fixture pencilled in for next week. It has been a turbulent few weeks for Juve as they were docked 15 points last month following an investigation into 'financial irregularities'. The deduction has seen them tumble down to ninth in the Serie A table, with a huge gap between Allegri's side and the European spots. Their overall form makes for slightly more positive reading, with only four defeats in 22 Serie A matches this term, but they were sent crashing down to the Europa League knockout round play-offs after finishing third in Champions League Group H, behind Benfica and Paris Saint-Germain. Allegri and co may have been licking their lips when they drew Nantes, who are currently 13th in Ligue 1 with just six wins from 23 matches this campaign. READ MORE: Football news LIVE - Arsenal bust-up, Mbappe's 'Man Utd' message However, things didn't go Juventus' way on Thursday as they hosted the first of an intriguing two-legged European tie. Dusan Vlahovic made sure Juve started off on the right foot, netting his 10th club goal of the season inside a quarter of an hour. Nantes drew level on the hour mark through Ludovic Blas, and Allegri reacted angrily after the final whistle when it was put to him that his team tend to be too focused on grinding out 1-0 results. "I never said I wanted Juve to win 1-0, you drive me crazy with this rubbish," he raged. DON'T MISS...Barcelona 'face relegation' amid probe into alleged referee paymentMan Utd sent painful Frenkie de Jong reminder as Xavi twists knifeArsenal one step ahead of rivals after 'holding talks' for Vitor Roque "It’s this cliché that I want my teams to win 1-0, but that is not accurate. It’s simple, look at all the statistics of my teams, I always had the best defence and the second best attack. You cannot escape from the statistics. Look at Milan and Juventus, that is my record. "My teams always scored 70-80 goals per season. You lot chat about nothing, I talk about numbers, that is the problem. I know you have to sit there and talk about nothing to fill time, but I don’t. You imagined this, created the story and then keep spreading it. You see things abstract, I see what is concrete. You’ve got all the statistics, look at them.  "In football, there is just one thing that counts: winning games. It doesn’t matter if it is 1-0 or 5-0. Nonetheless, the fact remains my teams always had the best defence and second best attack." The Bianconeri now have a full week to prepare for their trip to France, with an away clash against Spezia sandwiched in-between. Nantes, meanwhile, face a comparatively tough league fixture against high-flying Lens on Sunday.