There’s nothing worse than a white toilet seat with yellow stains. Even if the seat is bacterially clean, it can look unsightly and make your toilet look dirty. Toilet seats can get yellow stains from limescale, toilet water, urine, fake tan and even bleach. Strong chemicals such as undiluted bleach and cleaners can cause white plastics to become discoloured. Furthermore, if the sun shines into your bathroom, the light can also stain the seat. With this in mind, fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing yellow stains from toilet seats. The cleaning, lifestyle and home influencer has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home advice online with her followers. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Sabrina Lawrence Grant asked: “I’m so embarrassed about the look of my toilet seat as it’s yellowing at the rim no matter how much I clean it, it still looks yellow. READ MORE: Princess Anne lives in 'gorgeous' 700-acre mansion with '1950s décor' “Is there anything I can do to get rid of the yellow or do I need a new toilet seat?” The post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans but the most suggested answer was to use a “magic eraser”. Eya Koubakji said: “Try a magic eraser with a bit of water, it worked for me.” Denise Henfrey commented: “Magic eraser with bicarbonate of soda is miraculous.” DON'T MISS‘Damaging’ lawn mistakes to avoid that allow moss to ‘kill’ your grass [INSIGHT]‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ [UPDATE]House sales plunge by 30% as market 'cools' - one area avoids slump [ANALYSIS] Denise commented again: “Ignore all these comments, magic eraser with bicarbonate of soda.” Mandy Waldron agreed and wrote: “Mine is the same, I use a magic eraser. It improves the more often you use it.” Magic erasers can be bought online or from local supermarkets for £3 or less. Flash Magic Eraser Extra Power Cleaner costs £2 for two from Sainsbury’s or £3 for two from Wilko. READ MORE: Keep curtains free of ‘dust and dirt’ with simple cleaning method Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Homebase sells a four-pack of magic erasers for just £1.50, working out at just 38p per sponge. Eraser Daddy costs £4.49 for 10 from the Scrub Daddy website. Flash magic erasers claim to remove “impossible stains” and scuffs from washable surfaces. Simply, wet the eraser, squeeze and use it. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using toilet cleaner, Pink Stuff paste, bleach, toothpaste and Barkeepers Friend. Some Mrs Hinch fans also warned homeowners not to use bleach as this discolours white plastic. Clare Saunders said: “I’ve used a white toilet cleaner that contains limescale remover. Gently rub it in and allow it to sit for a bit. Repeat until the yellowing has gone.” Rachel Dignum commented: “Use Pink Stuff on it, mine came up a treat. It took a couple of goes but the yellow shifted.” Zuzanna Garbalinska replied: “Mine does that all the time. I just put strong toilet bleach [on it] and let it sit then scrub with a Scrub Mummy.” Maria Burrows wrote: “This will happen if you leave bleach down your loo for more than 10 minutes over time, especially if you leave the seat down. “I always leave mine in the up position when bleaching. Hope this is helpful should you replace it.” Vanessa Rodway commented: “It’s bleach that discolours it no matter what you use it will never be removed so change the seat. When you clean, use a non-bleach and non-abrasive cleaner on your resin seats.” Lisa M Wilson New posted: “Powdered toothpaste. Smokers toothpaste works amazing.” Anbreen Hasnain agreed and said: “Try toothpaste.” Donna Johnson said: “Pink Stuff paste will remove it, used with a damp microfibre cloth and rub it well, and wipe/rinse with a clean cloth.” Lisa Thomas replied: “Barkeepers Friend is brilliant for that.”