Jurgen Klopp has seemingly blasted former Liverpool star Didi Hamann for his comments about assistant manager Pep Lijnders last year. The Reds boss has urged his staff's critics to 'have the balls' to criticise him rather than go for individuals who can't respond. In September, amid Liverpool's poor start to the season, Hamann aimed his frustrations at Lijnders, who released a book the month prior. He tweeted: "The alarm bells should have been ringing for Liverpool fans when the current assistant manager wrote a book while still employed by the club. How he was allowed to do it, I'm not too sure." A follow-up tweet in January read: "The only question is whether the club benefited from it, and the simple answer is no. His job is not to educate other coaches while he's getting paid by Liverpool." Klopp was reportedly 'furious' with the criticism of Lijnders and widespread questioning of Liverpool's head of fitness and conditioning, Andreas Kornmayer. JUST IN: Southampton sacking Nathan Jones is bad news for Leeds for two reasons  And ahead of Monday's Merseyside derby, the German boss hit back in a staunch defence of his staff. "I just don't like it if you go for the wrong people - go for me, that's fine, but don't go for other people," Klopp explained. "I get an awful lot of money to face these situations, and my life is fine. "Don't criticise them [staff who can't respond] - have the balls and go for me, then the confrontation can happen. "If they [my staff] were not helpful or inspirational, they would not be here. I'm 100 per cent clear on that. DON'T MISS Premier League officials have 'worst day ever' with four VAR mistakesMan Utd takeover update as 'most likely suitors' receive UEFA backingSouthampton sack Nathan Jones after 95 days as club announce plans "Nobody is here because they are my friend or whatever. It was never the case and never will be the case. They are here because they are best in class in what they are doing." This season, Klopp has faced adversity en masse, with Liverpool slumping to 10th in the Premier League, 12 points outside the top four. The Reds have won just one of their last seven games, losing four, and are yet to triumph in the league in 2023. But Klopp has insisted that all blame should be placed on his shoulders as he aims to conquer a revived Everton side under new boss Sean Dyche at Anfield. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here