Spray painting kitchen cabinets can be a fun and “cost-effective” way to renovate the heart of the home, according to experts at Checkatrade. The pros said: “Modernising or putting a new twist on your existing cupboards and drawers is a great way to reuse what you already have rather than sending it to landfill. With the average kitchen in the UK costing £9,500, there’s a strong financial argument for updating what you have rather than buying new.” If you’re planning on painting kitchen cabinets anytime soon, the experts recommended investing in a variety of tools in order to achieve that all important “professional” finish. This included a screwdriver, sugar soap, lint-free cloths, sandpaper and filer, putty knife, painter’s tape and a protective sheet. Britons will also need to get some primer as well as a brush to apply it with, a paint sprayer, high quality gloves and a mask. The experts continued: “If you’re confident in your painting skills, there’s no reason why you can’t spray paint your kitchen cabinets yourself. READ MORE: Watering sensitive orchids ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ in spring “However, if you’re at all concerned about the finish you might be able to achieve, drip marks, or whether you have the time to complete this job to a high standard, we recommended hiring a professional. If you’d like to give it a go, follow our step-by-step instructions.” DIYers should start by removing the cabinets, laying them down in the work area, making sure to place them on newspaper or outside, remembering to label which cabinet goes where. Then, clean the cabinets thoroughly with some sugar soap solution, wiping free with a lint-free cloth to remove grease and dirt. The pros noted: “This is a really important step to make sure you get a good finish. DON'T MISS:‘Toxic’ and ‘harmful’ spring plants to avoid cats and dogs eating [COMMENT]Houseplant expert shares 4 crucial jobs to ensure ‘happy’ plants now [INSIGHT]‘Simplest’ and ‘most effective’ garden addition to ‘boost’ house price [EXPLAINER] “Use masking tape and protective sheeting to shield any areas that are not to be painted. For example, the inside of the cabinets, walls, floor, ceiling, worktops, cooker hood and appliances.” The pros added: “Using a brush to apply the primer and paint to the cabinet frames, sides and trim will avoid the need for protective sheeting, therefore saving you time. “At this stage, you can repair any holes or dents with an appropriate filler and putty knife. Once dry, sand all the areas you wish to paint. “You’re aiming to scuff the surface up a little to take off the shine. Clean away the dust with a damp cloth.” READ MORE: Seven laundry ‘myths’ which could be ruining your clothes When dry, apply a light coat of primer to the cabinets, using a brush and leaving it to fully dry. Then, wipe the surface clean before adding a second coat of primer and then it is time to spray paint them. Some paint may need to be thinned before using so it is worth following the instructions on the product. The experts added: “Wearing a mask, spray the door edges first. Next, spray any detail on the doors. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Then, keeping the nozzle of the spray gun 10 to 12 inches from the surface of the cabinet door, sweep your whole arm back and forth to apply a light coat of paint to the entire door. Any drops can be touched up gently with a paintbrush while the paint is still wet. “Allow to dry overnight before giving the doors a second coat. The whole process will need to be repeated on the other side of the door once the first side is dry.” Leave the cabinets to dry fully before fixing the hardware back onto them and mounting them back onto the cabinets in the kitchen. The pros said: “This guide is intended to help you achieve a professional spray paint finish on your kitchen cabinets. However, you can use the same process to update your kitchen drawers, end panels, and plinths to complete the look.”