Paul Merton has shared his happiness at the prospect he is “bigger than Prince Harry”, after his popular show lost no viewers when it went out at the same time as the Duke Of Sussex’s interview with ITV. Motorhoming with Merton and Webster shows the star and his wife Suki Webster embracing Britain's motor homing culture. However, Paul admitted that if Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wanted to attempt a similar show, it could prove more salacious. He shared: “We might be in trouble if Harry and Meghan decide to make a show about motorhoming. “But then again, maybe not. Episode two of our series went out the same night as Harry’s ITV interview and we didn’t lose any viewers. "So I’m not saying we’re bigger than Prince Harry… but if Radio Times wants to say that, that’s fine with me," he joked to the aforementioned publication. READ MORE: Strictly's AJ Pritchard shares irritation at Love Island star Harry spoke to Tom Bradby back in January on ITV as he discussed his book, Spare. Meanwhile, Suki, Paul’s third wife, says the pair do not miss jetting off abroad for holidays as the Sussexes do. “In the motorhome, you've got the chance to look at the magnificent scenery,” observed Suki. “Unlike flying, you travel through the landscape and see things along the way.” The show, which is now in its second series, is capitalising on the growth in popularity of touring holidays and motorhomes. Research for the Caravan and Motorhome Club (caravanclub.co.uk) revealing the number of Britons considering a touring holiday grew by 20 per cent in the two years to April 2022, while the number of people owning a leisure vehicle, such as a motorhome or camper van, is predicted to grow by more than 40 per cent by 2030. Paul and Suki have travelled all over the UK in a 24ft four-berth rented motorhome, which the former said would cost around £300 a day to rent. They've visited Cornwall, Devon, Snowdonia, the Peak District, the Yorkshire Dales and the Lake District, among other places. DONT MISS:Helen Mirren looks unrecognisable as she dazzles in off-shoulder gown (PHOTOS)Priscilla Presley sparks concern over 'inappropriate' post (NEWS)Walking Dead star and brother of Hayden Panettiere dies (LATEST) Paul explained: “You're essentially taking your home around with you, so you can go wherever you want. “It's very enchanting to wake up to mountain views, or a field full of deer. “But it's not just exploring beautiful landscapes and having the freedom to travel wherever you want that makes motorhoming so appealing, “ he added to PA. “I think it forces you to slow down,” explained Suki. “You can't move at the same speed when you've got to put up an awning and make up your bed. “It forces people to switch off from the modern world, take in nature, and just take a breath.” The comedian, a team captain on BBC's Have I Got News For You, doesn't see why he would need a mobile, when he's got a perfectly good landline at home. Although, as he's been touring the UK with his wife, the landline won't have been much use. “I did have a mobile phone in the early Nineties, when they were just phones, and all you could do was make a call on them. Then I lost it, and didn't miss it,” recalled the 65-year-old. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.