With over 500 episodes under his belt spanning over 23 years on Law and Order SVU, NBC series stalwart Ice-T was finally recognised with a spot on the Hollywood Walk of Fame this past week. Fans and friends alike flocked to the ceremony to honour the rapper-turned-actor and Hargitay was one who had plenty of fond words for her colleague. “I am just so beyond, beyond, beyond thrilled to be here for my friend,” Hargitay said after being invited to speak on Thursday. “So the Hollywood Walk of Fame means so many things to so many people, it’s a place to visit, it’s a place to celebrate, a place to remember and of course, a place to take millions and millions of selfies.” The Law and Order SVU star’s speech soon took a more personal turn as she paid tribute to Ice-T. She said: “The reason that you have fame in my heart is because you are the OG of friendship. READ MORE: 1000lb Best Friends' Meghan Crumpler fiance rushed to ‘urgent care’ "You are my real deal, my true blue, authentic, unshakable friend, and I cannot tell you what that means to me.” Hargitay wasn’t done there as she went on: “As simple and as deep and as glorious as that is, and I know that you know in your heart and in your marrow how full the word 'friend' is when I say it to you, but I'm going to explain it anyway. “You have been such a joy in my life. You are the embodiment of loyalty. You tell the truth. You keep it real." The Benson star kept the warmth towards her colleague going on social media too as she shared a series of snaps from the ceremony. She penned: “Congratulations @icet [star emoji] so proud to be by your side dear sweet wise and wonderful friend. #LoveIsLove.” And Ice-T himself also took to the social media platform to reflect on the day. In a snap of him, Hargitay and SVU boss Dick Wolf, he wrote: ”As my brother @icecube says.. ‘I gotta say, today was a good day..’ “Thank you Dick Wolf @wolfentertainment, @therealmariskahargitay And all the love Worldwide!” DON'T MISS:NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-starWednesday's Gomez Addams star drops season 2 storyline teaseBridgerton to make major changes to sex scenes in new spin-off show During his own speech, Ice-T admitted he could never have foreseen landing himself a spot on the famous walkway. He said: “I never thought I would get a star - really? I mean, the way my life was going, it was what can we come up in Hollywood and steal? “We were really out here causing real problems. And this was just out of the question. “Show business was just out of the question,” he reflected before he too paid tribute to his co-stars and friends and family for their support over the years. Both Ice-T and Hargitay lead the way on Law and Order SVU which is now deep into its 24th season on NBC The franchise is still going as strong as ever with fellow spin-off Organized Crime in its third run and the rebooted flagship drama in its 22nd run. Law and Order SVU season 24 continues Thursday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.