Liverpool have been given a Jude Bellingham transfer headache as they could instead target Mason Mount after the Chelsea star’s contract talks reportedly broke down. The Reds are desperate for midfield reinforcements in the summer, with Borussia Dortmund ace Bellingham and Mount both being linked with moves to Anfield. Liverpool suffered their seventh Premier League defeat of the campaign on Saturday as they were thrashed 3-0 by Wolves at Molineux Stadium. The Merseyside giants are now 11 points behind fourth-place Newcastle in the top-flight table and look likely to miss out on Champions League football next season. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp is facing a major rebuilding project at Anfield and will be looking to bring in world-class midfield talent ahead of next season. Bellingham, who has a contract in Germany that runs until 2025, would cost major money if he were to move to the north west. And that could limit the transfer activity Liverpool could subsequently engage in. Mount, meanwhile, is out of contract in the summer of 2024 after penning his last deal at Stamford Bridge three-and-a-half years ago. The attacking midfielder is another player who would command a prodigious transfer fee if he were to leave Chelsea - but his contract situation means Liverpool could get a discount on the ace as the Blues won’t want to risk losing him for nothing at the end of next season. DON'T MISS: Arteta makes three complaints as Arsenal lose to Everton    Mount came through the Chelsea academy and has gone on to bag 33 goals and 37 assists in 188 first-team appearances for the club. But, according to the Daily Mail, his future in west London is now in doubt. Talks between Chelsea and Mount have been halted after the 24-year-old rejected the club’s latest offer as he felt it left him short of what other senior stars and new signings are earning. The player wants to treble his £80,000-a-week wages, but the Blues are offering significantly less than they are paying players like Raheem Sterling. READ MORETottenham assistant Stellini hits back at critics of styleSpurs slammed for 'bang average' transfers which 'sums up' LevyTottenham urged to copy Arsenal as 'disaster' transfer window slammed   Mount helped Chelsea win the Champions League in 2021 and has been rewarded for his fine club form by earning 36 caps for England. And the player has no intentions of being taken for granted by his current employers in the wake of their spending spree under Todd Boehly, who completed his takeover of the club at the end of last May. Liverpool could have a difficult decision on their hands if they are forced to choose between Bellingham and Mount in the summer. But Klopp will be well aware that he needs to bring in fresh talent in one form or another if he wants to turn his team’s ailing fortunes around once and for all. 