Chelsea defender Reece James uploaded a snap of an unhappy Christian Pulisic donning a Kansas City Chiefs jersey following their victory over Philadelphia Eagles. The Chiefs celebrated a narrow 38-35 victory in the Super Bowl on Sunday, with quarterback Patrick Mahomes starring for the victors. James took to Instagram and shared an image of Pulisic signing autographs while wearing Mahomes' jersey, along with the caption: "Great start to my Monday." Pulisic re-posted the photo on his account, prompting a flurry of interaction from NFL fans. The Pennsylvania native was likely rooting for the Eagles on Sunday as his first-choice team is the New York Jets. His dejected expression combined with James' caption suggests that he was wearing the jersey due to a lost bet. Chiefs star Mahomes won both his second Super Bowl and his second Super Bowl MVP on Sunday and Pulisic was one of the first to congratulate the star. It's not the first time that Pulisic and Mahomes have interacted with each other over social media. Back during the World Cup, when Pulisic was in the hospital after an abdominal injury, Mahomes replied to an image of him on a hospital bed with some goat emojis. Pulisic is currently sidelined at Chelsea, suffering from a knee injury he picked up back at the beginning of 2023. So far, Pulisic has missed seven matches for the Blues and there is no timetable for the winger to return to the team. The American's injury comes at a time when Jose Mourinho is linked with the vacant USMNT managerial position. Mourinho is no stranger to the stars in the US squad, with the former Manchester United manager trying his luck to sign Pulisic back in 2019. The modern football legend was full of praise after the Chelsea man put his stamp on the Premier League with a dazzling hat-trick against Burnley in October 2019. Pulisic, who had not scored for his new side before the match, became the first American to net a Prem treble since Clint Dempsey in 2012. After the game, Mourinho said: "American players came to Europe and began to adapt to the competition. You will find different specifications there, but it is difficult to find a playmaker of the quality and skill of the Chelsea boy." His admiration for Pulisic may carry some weight when deciding whether or not to take the USMNT job. And with Mourinho's glittering CV - eight league titles in four different countries including Portugal, England, Spain and Italy - the two-time winner of both Champions League and Europa League can certainly bring that success with him to the men's national stage.