Chelsea look set to lose Jorginho before Tuesday night’s transfer deadline after reportedly accepting a £12million offer from Arsenal for the ace. But the Blues may have already signed their long-term replacement for the Italy international in the shape of 18-year-old Brazilian Andrey Santos. Chelsea shelled out £18m to sign Santos from Vasco da Gama at the start of January after he impressed in his homeland. The teenager helped his boyhood club win promotion to the Brazilian top-flight last season courtesy of a third-place Brasileiro Serie B finish as he scored eight times in 33 appearances. And after putting pen-to-paper on a deal in west London, the player said: “It's a very big opportunity for me. This is a big club playing in big competitions like the Premier League, so I am very excited. The players here are so good and I am very happy to be here.” Santos is a box-to-box midfielder who can get up and down the pitch and score and create goals. He has been compared by some to fellow Brazilian Douglas Luiz, who also came through the Vasco academy before moving to England to play for Manchester City and then Aston Villa. JUST IN: Tottenham could do three deals before 11pm January transfer deadline Santos will need time to develop at Stamford Bridge before he is ready for the rigours of Premier League football. But when he does ultimately break into the first-team, he could have quite the impact in a No 6 role thanks to his energy and tenacity. Chelsea appear to be ready to cash in on Jorginho before the player reaches the end of his contract in the summer. The 31-year-old has bagged 29 goals and nine assists in 213 appearances since joining the Blues from Napoli in 2018 and helped the west Londoners lift the Champions League, Europa League and Club World Cup trophies. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetTottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal starTottenham target Porro 'distraught' as deal at risk over £2.6m dispute  Meanwhile, Chelsea were chasing Argentina World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez on transfer deadline day just half a season into his Benfica career. According to The Athletic, the Blues were unwilling to match the precise terms of his release clause. Chelsea agreed personal terms with Fernandez, with the player keen to opt for a move to Stamford Bridge over alternative destinations. The Blues are struggling for form in the Premier League under Graham Potter and have fallen to 10th in the table after winning just eight of their 20 matches this term. And they will continue to monitor all other available options in the hope of signing one or two midfielders when the opportunity next presents itself. 