Williams’ star Alex Albon has admitted the team are hoping to use Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes' secrets in a bid to close the gap to the midfield. Albon stressed Williams would take Vowles’ experience at F1’s top team with “both hands” and analyse what the Silver Arrows are “doing differently”. The Thai driver even revealed Williams could even “adapt” their own techniques to follow Mercedes in a bid to make “quick progress” up the grid. Speaking at the Williams launch, Albon said: “It seems like James really wants this role and he is very motivated to push the team along and see where he can put it towards. “He’s obviously carrying a lot of experience from Mercedes. For a team like us I feel like we are going to take that with both hands. Try and look at the areas where a top team like them, what are they doing differently to us and how can we adapt and make quick progress.” Vowles ditched Mercedes for Williams just weeks before the start of the new season to take up the role as team principal. It comes after Williams' bosses decided to part ways with Jost Capito at the end of 2022. READ MORE: Wolff and new Williams boss Vowles share same view on 'mini-Mercedes'  The British manufacturer already enjoys a close partnership with Mercedes through their engine partnership. However, Vowles has recently admitted a link-up would not turn the backmarkers into a “mini-Mercedes”. He stressed Williams was an “entirely independent organisation” and that the team was not a part of Mercedes. But, he did not rule out working with his former colleagues in what could be a blow to Williams’ rivals. He explained: “It doesn’t meant that Mercedes and ourselves won’t have collaboration in some form or another, it was collaborating before I joined. But I have to do what was best for Williams from now onwards.” DON'T MISSMeet America's first F1 driver since 2015 who has billionaire family [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff leaves ex-F1 star perplexed over engineer departure [ANALYSIS]James Vowles spills beans on Lewis Hamilton call over Mercedes exit [COMMENT] Mercedes boss Toto Wolff supported Vowles’ remarks as he stressed the team was not under direct control from Brackley. He added: “If I were ever to get involved with James and ask him to become mini-Mercedes, he would tell me to get lost. “In that way, there was always the speculation that Williams, because of the Mercedes engine, was a subordinate. But none of that was obviously true. We never interfered into some kind of driver situation. We always understood the authority of the team management in their own way.”