Private pictures of Princess Diana and King Charles with a three-month-old Prince William on their holidays in Balmoral, Scotland, have been shared for the first time before they go under the hammer. The 22 pictures, taken in September 1982, offer a rare insight into family life as both parents beam over their firstborn son less than 14 months after their wedding.    The photos, which come complete with the original negatives and folder, will be auctioned online at Willingham Auctions in Cambridgeshire on March 4 at 10am. Several images show a cheerful Charles cradling the wide-eyed baby inside Balmoral, a popular holiday destination for the Royal Family, while others show Diana cuddling the youngster outside the Castle walls. In the father-and-son pictures, Charles is wearing a jumper over the top of a pale shirt as he dotes on the three-month-old. William, who appears to be a little disconcerted in one of the pictures, is wearing a sweet baby gown with frill sleeves. JUST IN: Harry 'unforgivable' for not correcting racism allegations with Queen Separate photographs show the couple relaxing on the grounds overlooking the royal estate. Sitting beside a stream of water, Diana sits on a blue parka jacket wearing green wellies, blue corduroy trousers and a yellow jumper. Charles sits next to her, leaning back on his elbows and wearing a maroon jumper over a pale blue polo shirt. Other pictures show Diana posing in front of the stunning views of the Scottish highlands. DON'T MISS:Camilla health concerns as she cancels visit following Covid diagnosis [STATEMENT]King Charles in high spirits on solo visit despite Camilla pulling out [PICTURES]King Charles and Princess Diana's 'arranged marriage' laid bare by pal [REPORT] In one of the images she's caught off guard looking directly into the camera, whilst holding a camera of her own. Another shows her leaning against a bench with the stunning scenery in the background. Stephen Drake, an auctioneer at Willingham Auctions, said the pictures offer “a really personal insight” into the beloved Princess of Wales. Diana is casually dressed in all of the snaps, wearing green wellies, roll-neck jumpers and blue corduroy trousers as she takes a break from being in the public eye.  The late Queen also features in the unique collection, wearing a bright red blouse and boldly patterned cardigan as she stands beside Charles and former British Airways businessman Baron King, who was a friend of the royal family. The Baron, who was visiting Balmoral when the pictures were taken, features in several of the photographs, including ones of him watching over Diana as she shows off her infant son. Diana cradles the child, who is draped in a knitted blanket, outside the front of the Scottish estate. 