Although I’ve a few years yet until I reach state pension age, it’s been playing on my mind that I have a couple of workplace pensions I need to track down. After recently writing about how people can trace their pensions through the Government's Pension Tracing Service I decided to give it a go myself, but how did I get on?  On average, people change jobs 11 times during their working life which can mean they have as many workplace pensions bubbling away in the background. I’ve spent a lot of my career self-employed, but I’m still pretty sure I have at least two workplace pensions that I've paid into. It wouldn’t surprise me if there were even more lying around that I have forgotten all about. So I logged onto the Government's Pension Tracing Service to see what I could find out. READ MORE: Savings account offering 4.5% is being withdrawn - 'get in quick'  However, after logging onto the Pension Tracing Service to track down my pensions I was sadly a little underwhelmed. It might be better for Britons who have worked for the public sector, but all it told me was that I could search for an employer’s contact details on the system and then get in touch with them. To be honest that was something I could have quite easily done myself via an internet search. However, it did spur me to look through paperwork and email the companies to find out the value of my pension pots and, although I still haven’t received a definitive figure, at least I’ve got the ball rolling. DON'T MISSLloyds, Halifax and TSB are closing 68 branches in 2023 - full list [UPDATE]Inheritance warning after family hit with £50,000 bill [WARNING]Martin Lewis tip sees woman boost state pension by £11,500 [INSIGHT] There are companies out there which will help you track down lost workplace pensions. However, they will only do this if there is something in it for them, so check how much they are asking for in commission before going ahead. After filling in a quick questionnaire which determines I’m probably owed less than £30,000, I’m told I don’t fit the criteria. A little deflated, I decide to see if I’m at least owed the full state pension when I retire. I’m relieved to discover I should qualify for the full new state pension of £185.15 per week if I work another eight years. As I have a few years yet before I reach state pension age, that shouldn’t be a problem but if I don’t, it could drop to just £145.74 a week. Britons are only entitled to the full state pension when they retire if they have 35 years of National Insurance contributions. It's worth checking now as there are a few weeks left before the April deadline where people can pay to top it up.    MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis is urging Britons aged 45 to 70 to check their National Insurance (NI) contributions before April 2023 as they may be able to boost their state pension by thousands. Mr Lewis has worked out it could be possible to turn an £800 payment into a £5,500 top-up on a person’s state pension. Anyone can check their situation by going to Gov.uk/check state pension The tool will also tell a person if they can voluntarily top up their contributions to go towards their state pension - it could end up saving you a fortune. 