Some at Manchester United believe Ed Woodward deserves a bit of credit for the way the club has improved under Erik ten Hag, according to reports. The Red Devils continued their resurgence with a 2-1 victory over Barcelona in the Europa League on Thursday night. That win means they’re still in contention to win a historic quadruple, with their hopes of European glory also still very much alive. Manchester United were poor in the first half against Barcelona and paid the price, with Robert Lewandowski putting the La Liga giants ahead from the penalty spot. However, the Red Devils managed to complete an impressive turnaround courtesy of goals from Fred and Alejandro Garnacho. Woodward wasn’t in attendance at Old Trafford but, according to BBC Sport, some believe he now warrants some credit. It’s claimed the former Red Devils supremo, who was often a divisive figure during his spell with the club, ‘set out the template’ that enabled the club to hire Erik ten Hag as manager. This template has since been expanded by chief executive Richard Arnold, director of football John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players This, it’s stated, ‘ultimately led’ to Ten Hag being hired as the club’s manager. The report says the Dutchman impressed the club due to his appetite to win, as well as his desire to do it with style, ability to improve players and willingness to give youth a chance. It’s also said that, ‘crucially’, he was prepared to work with staff who were already at the club. The United boss experienced a rough start to life at Old Trafford, with his side losing early fixtures to Brighton and Brentford. Following the disaster of last season, that only increased the doom and gloom mood around the club. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But, ever since, United have been a team on an upwards trajectory. Thursday night’s victory over Barcelona was a huge result, with Ten Hag admitting in the aftermath it was his biggest win since taking charge of the club. "Yes, we've had some good wins, Liverpool and Arsenal but I think this over two legs - Barcelona are La Liga leaders - to beat them it's a big win,” he said. "For a European Cup second leg I think it was flat on both sides, no chances. “One team has to go in the lead, we had big chances with Bruno [Fernandes] at the start of the game. "One part of our game plan is that we can bring Antony and [Alejandro] Garnacho and open the wide areas you can get speed and running in behind and dribbles. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “They are both so brave, they don't fear anyone, they just take players on and I think that gives a boost to the whole team." Next up for United is Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday (4.30pm). And defender Luke Shaw has admitted a trophy would mean ‘everything’ to the club. "A big thing within the squad is the control he takes and the rules he sets out," said the England international. "Everyone has to follow them. If you are not doing what he wants you won't play, it doesn't matter who you are. "The manager wants us to be a possession-based team. "We work a lot in training on tactical stuff, on what he wants when we are in possession and what kind of movements he wants from everyone. “He wants us to be a pressing team, very aggressive and, at times, very hard to play against. "For the position we have been in over the past years and the feeling we have inside the dressing room, it means everything. "It has been such a long time since we have won a trophy. People will say it is the Carabao Cup but for us, it is massive. "It is something we have been aiming for a long time; to get that winning feeling back, that feeling of winning trophies."