  BBC Breakfast favourite Carol Kirkwood, 60, looked sensational as she posed in a little black dress for her latest photoshoot. The star also looked thrilled to be reunited with her former BBC colleague Dan Walker, 45, who joined Carol on a large green sofa.      Carol stunned in the black frock, which featured short sleeves and a sparkly silver belt. She paired the garment with thin tights and some stylish black heels, accessorising with a silver watch and glitzy hoop earrings. The BBC weather presenter wore her blonde locks down in natural waves and posed with one hand resting under her chin. Meanwhile, Dan looked dapper in a navy blue suit, which he paired with some smart black brogues. READ MORE: Kate Garraway supported by celeb pals after confronting Matt Hancock    The Channel 5 News presenter wore a white shirt and accessorised with a pink pocket handkerchief. Meanwhile, also sat next to Dan was Nadiya Bychkova, 33, who helped him reach fifth place in the 2021 series of Strictly Come Dancing. The Ukrainian professional dancer looked jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a semi-translucent, floral maxi dress. The pale pink outfit was decorated with hundreds of bejewelled flowers and featured a plunging V neck-line.      The Strictly star finished off her look with a pair of stylish stilettos with a red heel and some large, silver hoop earrings. Nadiya also wore her hair back in an elegant bun so as not to distract from the elaborate outfit. All three stars posed as if in thought while wearing big smiles on the cover image captioned: “LIVE ON AIR! View from my sofa.” The picture is for the latest edition of the Radio Times, where they asked the question: “What do TV and radio’s biggest names get up to at home? Find out in our award-winning podcast.” Dan shared the image with his 786,900 Twitter followers, writing: "Well that was fun  #RadioTimesCoversParty." (sic) READ MORE... Priscilla Presley goes to court to seek changes to daughter's will [LATEST] Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir [UPDATE] Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [NEWS]      Carol has been helping BBC viewers prepare for the UK’s unpredictable weather since 1998. The Scottish star is the main weather presenter on BBC Breakfast and is beloved by viewers for her endlessly sunny personality. She also won over the hearts of the nation when she competed in the 13th series of BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing in 2015. Meanwhile, Dan appeared on BBC Breakfast from 2016 until May 2022, after which time he left the show for a job presenting Channel 5 News.      Dan was also the host of Football Focus from 2009 to 2021 and has presented shows on BBC Radio 5 Live, BBC News and BBC World News. Nadiya joined the cast of Strictly back in 2017 and was most recently paired up with Bros singer Matt Goss. Read all the latest from Radio Times here. BBC Breakfast airs tomorrow morning at 6am on BBC One.   