Anne Hegery, 64, joined The Chase in 2010 as the first female Chaser in its second series, alongside Paul Sinha and Mark Labbett. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, The Governess admitted there is sometimes a struggle to film the hit ITV quiz show due to Bradley Walsh's "busy" schedule and her fellow co-stars' other ventures. Anne is one of six Chasers, including Darragh Ennis, Mark Labbett, Shaun Wallace, Paul Sinha and Jenny Ryan. Bradley has presented the show since it began in 2009 and has become an integral part of the ITV show. Express.co.uk asked Anne if there is any trouble behind-the-scenes, and if she is able to balance her other work alongside The Chase. She replied: "It can be tricky because TV dates can be so changeable, you can suddenly find you can't rent the studio at that particular time, or Bradley is busy and not available because he's doing something else. READ MORE: Demi Moore's ex Ashton Kutcher was 'p****d' about her memoir "We get different dates and then you've got Paul [Sinha] who has stand-up dates the new dates interfere with. "Or you have me saying, 'I'm already contracted to do Panto' or something like that. "So there is always a certain amount of interference. But I always say The Chase comes first as I am very proud to be a Chaser." Anne was also asked if she could ever see anyone replacing Bradley in hosting The Chase.  She said: "People keep trying to have this conversation with me and I'm just like, 'Can't hear you!' "I can't imagine the idea of Bradley leaving us and having to find someone else. "I suppose I could think of a couple of names that might, but Bradley is just an integral part of the whole show and his rapport with the contestants, and with us. "It's just I can't imagine him being replaced! DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart causes stir with appearance at Essex pub after outburst [PICS] Michael J Fox in rare outing with wife after Parkinson's struggles [HOLLYWOOD] Britney Spears says she feels bullied by US star over well-being worry [COMMENT] "He once said to me 'The Chase is my pension' and I really do hope that he regards it that way and he has no plans to go anywhere." The Chase sees contestants go against Britain's biggest brains in a bid to take home the prize money, however, things on the show do not always go to plan. As reported by The Mirror, some things appear to go incredibly wrong on the show, as Bradley doesn't actually get to see the questions any sooner than the contestants. This means they are unrehearsed, making room for the mishaps with the questions Bradley has on the show. Bradley previously told the Radio Times: "If there is a slight misread, I am stopped immediately - bang - by the lawyers. We have compliance lawyers in the studio all the time. "You have to go back to the start of the question, literally on video tape where my mouth opens - or where it’s closed from the previous question - and the question is re-asked. It is stopped for a split second. It means no time is lost for either the contestant or the Chaser." Anne makes sure to have a social media presence to comment on The Chase while also sharing her daily thoughts. Recently, she responded to a book window display of Prince Harry's book Spare cheekily interspersed with copies of Bella Mackie’s best seller, How To Kill Your Family. Anne then reacted to the post with a "rolling on the floor laughing" emoji, with the caption "PMSL", an acronym for "p***ing myself laughing". You can watch The Chase weekdays on ITV at 5pm