Richard E Grant, 65, took to the stage last week alongside Alison Hammond to present the 2023 BAFTA Awards ceremony. The actor, who made a three-hour-long ceremony entertaining for celebrities and BBC viewers alike, has admitted he was in need of a "reality check" after his busy week. Richard regularly shares short videos on Twitter, updating his 347,700 followers, with the actor taking to the micro-blogging site today to discuss his plans now the BAFTAs have finished. He said: "After all of the hoopla of the Baftas. Reality check, mow the grass, empty the washing machine, change lightbulb." Richard then began to jokingly refer to "goblins and elves" at night causing carnage. He continued: "And it's obviously invisible goblins and elves that wreak havoc round the house in the middle of the night when you're asleep. READ MORE: Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice "Things get busted and have to be fixed and maintained. Yeah, baby." He then smiled looking away from his phone as the video came to an end, with many fans taking to the comments to compliment the star. Angelaschorah said: "I am in complete awe of your motivation. If I were you, I'd be resting up after such a hectic few days! "Well done with the BAFTAs, by the way, you were fab. And human x." Xanadu81uk added: "You were so amazing and magical. Such a charming, kind man. You looked very smart. "Hope you get some rest over the next few days. Sometimes the little things we do are therapeutic and comforting." Truth_uni commented: "Nothing like being humbled. Loved seeing you host the Baftas. Handsome and charming as ever." Richard was sure to please when he took to the stage on Saturday night in a white cape, wasting no time in poking fun at the 2022 Oscars slap. DON'T MISS... Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tube [HOLLYWOOD] Vanessa Feltz feels 'bruised' as ex Ben sends message on her birthday [INSIGHT] Patsy Kensit flashes engagement ring after millionaire beau proposes [INSTAGRAM] He smirked: "Nobody on my watch gets slapped tonight – except on the back." The Can You Forgive Me star was referencing Will Smith slapping presenter Chris Rock after the comedian made a joke about his wife's hair. After the incident, Will was forced to apologise and resigned as a member of the academy, while also being banned from all Academy Awards events for the next 10 years. Eddie Murphy also referenced the slapping incident at the Golden Globes. Richard wore two watches while presenting the BAFTAs, marking the fact that he is a dual citizen of both the UK and Eswatini (formerly called Swaziland). The first watch is set to Greenwich Meantime (GMT), and the second, which was gifted to him by his late father, is permanently set to Swaziland time. His father, Henrik Esterhuysen, died prematurely from lung cancer at the age of 52 when he was 24. Henrik was head of education for the British government administration in the British protectorate of Swaziland.