Prince Harry appeared in his home to present an award virtually at The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) awards ceremony. The royal appeared to be in an office of some kind, with shelves behind him cluttered with plants, photos, and ornaments. A snap of the video was shared by award winner Nabiha Syed, who won the second-ever Digital Civil Rights Award. The award was founded with Harry and Meghan's non-profit, Archewell, with the couple describing her as an "inspiration". During his video appearance, Harry revealed a corner of his home fans haven't glimpsed before, and it was adorned with images of him and his wife. On the shelves were two snaps from the couple's appearance in Time, when they were dubbed "The World's Most Influential People" in 2021 by the magazine. They posed together on the cover of the magazine, Meghan wearing lashings of gold and diamond jewellery, Harry wearing simple beaded bracelets. In another, the couple wore matching olive-coloured outfits. A green trailing plant hung from one of the many shelves, and a pink chair appeared to sit in the corner of the room. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry set for 'icy' UK return as Camilla's family 'steal Coronation limelight' Also visible on the shelf are a couple of black and white pictures. One looks like the snap the Duke and Duchess used to announce their second pregnancy. The royal pair made the announcement in February 2021, with a picture they posed for in the garden of their Montecito home. The snap was taken by photographer Misan Harriman, who has worked with the pair on a number of occasions. Harry and Meghan arranged for the photographer to take their picture on the iPad remotely. In the snap, Meghan wore a designer ivory dress by Carolina Herrera. Another appears to be one of the photographs from the Duke and Meghan's engagement photoshoot. These photographs, also black and white, were taken by photographer Alexi Lubomirski. The images were snapped on the grounds of Kensington Palace. At the time Alexi Lubomirski said: "A huge thank you to His Royal Highness Prince Harry and Ms. Markle, for allowing me to take their official engagement portraits. "Not only was it an incredible honour, but also an immense privilege to be invited to share and be a witness to this young couple’s love for each other. I cannot help but smile when I look at the photos that we took." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's book scuppered one of Meghan's 'biggest ambitions' [INSIGHT]Intimate revelations in Spare will 'have a massive effect' on Meghan [EXPERT]Meghan underestimated how far down Hollywood 'pecking order' she'd be [ANALYSIS]  It's not the first time Meghan and Harry have given fans a glimpse inside their home. The Duchess showed off her chic living room in September 2020. She appeared on America's Got Talent in a surprise appearance from the nine-bedroom mansion, which made the pair neighbours to Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres. Meghan's mantle featured a huge vase of green hydrangeas. Next to them sat a £47 candle from the expensive brand Diptyque. These candles are hugely popular and this scent is described as "sensual" and "full of the heady and intoxicating fragrance derived from the sought-after Mexican white flower".