With Valentine's Day on the horizon, many Britons might be thinking of thoughtful and achievable date ideas that can be created at home. A luxurious stay in a glamorous hotel is a great way to celebrate the special day, however, this can be expensive and isn't always a viable option on a weekday. One of the best parts of staying in a hotel is sinking into a perfectly-made bed with crisp white sheets at the end of a long day. Now, Lucy Ackroyd, head of design at Christy, has shared her expert advice on how to recreate the hotel experience in your bedroom for a fraction of the price, without having to leave the comfort of your home. The interior design expert has shared her "tricks of the trade" to achieve "wrinkle-free" sheets for a "perfectly-made bed". Beds in hotels are impeccably made with crisp, often white sheets, clean throws and plump pillows. The sheets are wrinkle-free and soft and don't show any signs of wear and tear. Lucy says: “The perfectly made bed may seem like a craft that’s hard to master, but once you know the tricks of the trade, you will be able to effortlessly recreate the look yourself. READ MORE: Eugenie could move to USA - but will likely shun Sussexes in Montecito “You can find multiple step-by-step tutorials online which can walk you through the process. “To create plush, wrinkle-free sheets, don’t rush to get the iron out. Simply misting the sheets with water can help release the creases, and adding essential oils such as lavender helps make them smell extra clean and fresh. “Crisp, clean white sheets give an instant feeling of luxury. Opt for pure cotton, high thread count linen which will help regulate temperature and moisture levels. "Plus, they will feel much smoother against the skin than synthetic offerings. For the finishing touch that will bring it all together and add a sense of romance, place some small chocolates on the pillows and scatter flower petals across the bed." DON'T MISSMonty Don shares how to prune roses - three types to prune now [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [UPDATE]‘Fail-safe’ tip to kill weeds ‘instantly’ without nasty chemicals [ANALYSIS] If you've perfected your hotel-style bed or you're looking for other ways to add a sense of luxury to your home, the bathroom is a good place to start. Hotel bathrooms are often sleek, fragrant and opulent, but this can be difficult to achieve in your own bathroom. To create luxury, one of the best places to start is with your towels. There's nothing better than the feeling of wrapping yourself up in fluffy towels after a hot bath or a steamy shower. However, after a few months, it's common for towels to become faded, stained and slightly crusty. READ MORE: Make room warmer 'without adding any heat at all' - expert tips Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The first step to achieving fluffy towels is to invest in the "right product". Lucy said: "If you want white towels to rival any 5* hotel, the first step is investing in the right product. “Choose high-quality cotton towels to provide absorbency, durability and that coveted cosy texture. The higher the weight, the more opulent they will feel. I would suggest choosing a towel with a weight of at least 500gsm (gram per sq metre) for the ultimate luxury experience. “The most important factor for luxuriously soft towels is the yarn used and you ideally want high-quality cotton spun from long silky fibres. This is why yarns like Egyptian cotton and Supima cotton are so sought-after as they guarantee long fibres and therefore, high quality. “Essential oils, scented soaps and candles in the bathroom are the perfect way to appeal to the sense of smell and immerse yourself in the essence of leisure and relaxation. "To recreate the aroma of a hotel bathroom, choose either warm scents such as vanilla, sandalwood and leather, or clean fresh scents such as lavender, linen and citrus.” Another way to create a hotel-like atmosphere at home is to focus on your lighting. Hotels carefully consider lighting to create ambience and the right atmosphere for their guests. Marlena Kaminska, designer at Value Lights advised opting for warm-toned lighting as this casts a "snug and comforting glow". She added: “Key to all thoughtfully-lit rooms is using subtle illumination to softly highlight focal points. This is not only a stylistic choice but also functional, allowing you to control the intensity of light in your room - crucial for mood-setting.”