Gary Neville believes that Erik ten Hag has found a way to accommodate both Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho in his starting eleven by playing the former Borussia Dortmund man in the No 10 position. Both players found the net in United's 3-0 win over Leicester at Old Trafford with Sancho's introduction as a half-time substitute helping the Red Devils to get on top. Neither Sancho nor Rashford have particularly enjoyed being stationed on the right wing this season leaving Ten Hag with a conundrum as to how to accommodate two of his most exciting attacking talents. The duo were excellent against Leicester as the Red Devils strengthened their grip on third place and Neville believes their positioning in the game shows how best to accommodate them both going forwards. Sancho was introduced as an attacking midfielder with Rashford out on the left. Bruno Fernandes picked up a position on the right and the United legend believes this set-up should remain for coming matches. "It’s an interesting position, seeing Sancho at that number 10 in this second half," he told Sky Sports. "You’d think of Rashford’s best position being on the left or centre forward, neither of them like it on the right. It might be a solution to get them both in. "Erik ten Hag, we were surprised weren’t we that he moved Rashford out of a central position and put him in there, but it’s working. The manager’s seen something in training that he really likes and we’re now seeing it." READ MORE: Inside the life of the mega-rich Qatari banker leading '£4bn bid' to buy Man Utd  United ran out 3-0 winners in the encounter at Old Trafford but had David de Gea to thank in the first half as the Spanish goalkeeper pulled off two fantastic saves to keep the score level. Rashford netted the first after being played in by Fernandes with 25 minutes on the clock and doubled the lead shortly after half-time after being similarly played through by Fred. Sancho sealed all three points with the third after a brilliant one-two with the vice-captain. Neville was not the only pundit to be full of praise for Sancho after the match with former Tottenham captain Robbie Keane suggesting the Englishman's introduction turned the game in the Red Devils' favour.  "Very good from the manager, bringing Sancho on," Keane told Sky Sports has he analysed the third goal. "Great play here, one-two, great finish. He opened his body up with his left foot, did well to win the ball back there and Rashford getting involved in everything today. "This is lovely - you know when you’re playing with Fernandes you’re going to get opportunities, they get the ball back in, great one-two, great finish. "I think it changed [the game] bringing Sancho on, it definitely helped. He brought a different dynamic to the game and he looks back to himself, back sharp, and he’s playing his way into the team for the final next week. The level in that second half was a lot better than in the first." It remains to be seen if Sancho will be given more game time in the No 10 position with United facing the biggest week of their season so far with games against Barcelona and Newcastle to come in the next seven days. 