Gemma Atkinson, 38, sparked a frenzied search among her fans to find out who the man who broke her heart before meeting Gorka Marquez was. The TV star, who has been happily engaged to the Strictly Come Dancing pro, 32, for two years, candidly admitted her previous partner cheated on her. Speaking on her Hits Radio show earlier this week, Gemma said her now-ex’s secret girlfriend found out they were dating the same man. She said: “It wasn't that long ago, it was my fella before Gorka, we went on holiday. "We met in the Bahamas. And while we were there I took a picture of a sunset because it was a really lovely sunset, and I put it on my Instagram, I thought nothing of it. "He put the same picture as his WhatsApp profile picture, and a few days later I got this message on Instagram from this girl and she was like, 'Woman to woman, can I ask you were you with (him) recently? READ MORE: Pauline Quirke becomes first Birds Of A Feather star to get an MBE "'Because my boyfriend told me he was in Florida with the lads and the picture you put on Instagram he has put as his WhatsApp profile pic’.” After recounting the shock interaction, Gemma added: “I obviously replied and was like, 'Yeah who are you?' type thing. “And she said she had been seeing him for years as well. “I rang him and said, 'You've got two minutes to tell me who this person is and what the heck is going on,' of course he went all quiet.” However, the silence did not last long as Gemma revealed the love rat “confessed in the end”. Gemma added: “Bless her, she stayed with him, I said, 'Don't come on, let's go into the sunset together!'" The radio show shared last night a snippet of Gemma telling her anecdote on air on her Instagram account, sparking a search for the unnamed boyfriend. Lukasjcole commented: “Ryan Giggs strikes again.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star declares love for co-star as she bids farewell to soap [LATEST]Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [DEBATE]BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst defends guest Emily Atack post interview [INTERVIEW] Gemma immediately denied the claim, replying: “That would be like dating a brother! “I’ve known Ry since I was 19. And absolutely not.” Cullennnlc said: “Who's now googling @glouiseatkinson ex boyfriends.” Gemma and Gorka met through Strictly back in 2017 when the soap star was competing alongside Aljaž Škorjanec, 32. The radio presenter got engaged in 2021 when the dancer got down on one knee for Valentine’s Day. Their daughter Mia was born the year before on July 4, 2019. Gemma is most famous for her soap roles, having played Lisa Hunter in Hollyoaks between 2001 and 2005, Tamzin Bayle in Casualty (2011-2014) and Carly Hope in Emmerdale (2015-2017). Now, the former glamour model presents the drivetime slot across the Hits Radio Network with Mike Toolan.