Since killing Teddy Thompkins (played by Grant Burgin), Stephen (Todd Boyce) has tried to keep a low profile but has set his sights on Carla (Alison King) after feeling undermined by her. During last night's episode, Stephen spiked Carla's drink with LSD to try and make her think her psychosis had returned. However, viewers had issues with the scenes after realising CCTV would have picked up the crime. As Stephen walked into Underworld, Carla pulled him into the office to give him some bad news. She explained: "I've just decided to reorganise the way things work around here. For starters, I'm gonna give Sarah her old job back. "She'll be heading up the new Rufus account and overseeing the design arm of the company." Trying to soften the blow, Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) said: "I've literally just heard about this myself." READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore Stunned at the announcement, Stephen asked: "Yeah, erm, sorry, I'm confused. Last time I checked that was my job description." Ignoring his obvious upset over the changes, Carla expressed: "Oh, well, I decided to put you in charge of the day-to-day running of the office." Furious at the new role, he exclaimed: "You're demoting me? Did I behave inappropriately towards a junior member of staff? "Did I post a dodgy selfie on social media? Perhaps you can tell me why less than a day after I land this company the biggest payday in its history you are demoting me to the role of office errand boy?" Carla tried to calm Stephen down but he was furious after he was expecting a promotion, not a demotion. Later in the factory, Sean Tully (Anthony Cotton) walks by as Stephen pulls out the vial of LSD to put in Carla's tea. Sean teased him about his new "errand boy" role, winding Stephen up more than he already was. Aa Carla walked out of her office, Stephen called her over and handed her the cup of coffee and watched as she took a big swig. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers fume 'shame on BBC' over Nicola Bulley coverage [LATEST]BBC lines up Alan Carr for new primetime show after BGT 'snub'  [WATCH]Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [INSIGHT] Before finishing up for the day, the workers in the factory noticed Carla seemed a little "out of it" and invited her for a drink in the Rovers. Stephen offered to get the first round in and managed to put another few drops in her drink to ensure she kept her delusions up. His plan worked as she began to think everyone was talking about her, prompting Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) to take her home. As Stephen set his plan into motion with the LSD, many fans became confused and took to Twitter to express their thoughts on the CCTV in the factory. @ShaGGy_Uk commented: "So all the CCTV cameras in the factory no longer exist in #coronationstreet #Corrie." Bradley Coombes said: "Has Stephen checked the CCTV this time? #corrie #coronationstreet." @Clawmaw added: "Stephen makes Carla a cuppa, then the next minute she's feeling 'off'. I'd be putting two and two together straightaway with that one. Also, where are the CTTV cameras?#Corrie #CoronationStreet." @RKTovey expressed: "Stephen's going to make Carla go crazy with his LSD..... I hope it backfires and the CCTV picks up his actions, he was quick to delete it when he killed Teddy. #CoronationStreet." @Wee_Westie29 tweeted: "I don't get why Peter didn't just take Carla to the hospital to get checked over straight away when folk noticed she didn't look right #Corrie #CoronationStreet @itvcorrie." @Jamal06122771 wrote: "I hope this storyline between Stephen and Carla doesn't drag, cause I can't stand it when Carla is on the losing side. Just hopes she brings him down. #corrie #coronationstreet." (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.