Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were forced to "sack" their young son Archie's nanny after a previous night-time "incident". The couple faced the experience with their first nanny, leaving them nervous when they hired their second. The incident left the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who now also share a one-year-old daughter, with a lack of trust of the second nanny that they took on. In his book biography of the couple, 'Finding Freedom', journalist Omid Scobie recalled the incident. Mr Scobie, and his co-author Carolyn Durand, wrote: "[Harry and Meghan] decided to hire a night nurse to establish a sleep schedule and be an extra pair of helping hands." Despite this, "their time with the couple brief". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King and Queen to sideline Harry and Meghan in Coronation humiliation They added: "Meghan and Harry were forced to let the nurse go in the middle of her second night for being unprofessional and irresponsible." Soon after, the couple hired a second nanny, which left them nervous following the "incident" with the first hire - even though they were doing a "fine job". A segment in Finding Freedom read: "Neither found themselves comfortable sleeping through the night without going to check on Archie regularly." READ MORE: King Charles's Coronation mocked by Jedward as Elton John and Spice Girl's turn down show The couple decided to take on the night duties themselves, but did hire a day nanny, who worked weekdays. When the couple lived in the UK, they "agreed that they didn't want their home filled with staff", therefore the nanny didn't live at their Frogmore Cottage home. Harry and Meghan reportedly liked the idea that their home was "cosy and private" as it would just be the three of them at night. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] Harry and Meghan stepped down as senior royals in 2020, resulting in them leaving the UK for the US in 2020. The couple went onto welcome a second child, Lilibet Diana in June 2021.