Sadie Frost, 57, has made it clear she isn’t at all nostalgic for her life in the Hollywood spotlight. The actress-turned-director, who shares three children with her film star ex-husband Jude Law, 50, and her eldest son with Spandau Ballet member Gary Kemp, 63, revealed in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk that she is “a lot happier” after “settling down a bit” in her fifties. Sadie and Jude split in 2003 after finding love when they first met on the set of 1992 movie, Shopping. The Quant filmmaker later explained her severe postnatal depression was the reason behind their divorce, which left her heartbroken. However, Sadie has since insisted she has fully embraced entering the midlife, and feels more content after leaving her whirlwind celebrity life behind her. Speaking to Express.co.uk about her forthcoming appearance at the Postcards from Midlife Live event, the mum-of-four revealed she has always focused on being true to herself throughout each stage of her life. READ MORE... Emma Thompson left 'seriously ill' by Oscars twice  She advised: “The most important thing in your life is to be comfortable with yourself.”  Touching on overcoming her own personal struggles, Sadie continued: “Whatever age; whether you're going through your teenage years, when you're going through your marriages, through postnatal depression, through depression, through - whatever, you know.  “If you come to terms, and you understand yourself, and you accept it, you can't fight against it.  “I’m not going to try and be anything different. You're going to have real problems and you're going to be unhappy.” Sadie went on to insist that being in the spotlight, during her time in London’s elite Primrose Hill set with ex Jude and supermodel Kate Moss, didn’t leave her feeling fulfilled. She added: “So for me, it's just really feeling comfortable with whatever stage and embracing that, and making it the best I can be to my ability - mentally, emotionally, physically, and having a really nice variety and balance of different things going on in my life, so that it's not one-sided. “And also just making your life as rich as possible with love, and nature, and all the good things.” Sadie divulged: “All I know is that I'm a lot happier now. I'm still working as hard and still as busy, but by slowing down a bit, I’m happier, because I'm appreciating the time that I have with whatever I'm doing. DON'T MISS:Catherine Zeta-Jones seen riding empty tubeAmanda Holden flashes enviable legs in risqué see-through gownTom Kerridge sets record straight as Si King fronts event without Dave “Whereas, before, I was just like, you know, it was like a train going a million miles an hour, but I didn't really appreciate anything I was doing.”  Sadie, who is currently directing a documentary based on British fashion icon Twiggy, also explained why she prefers life behind the camera nowadays.  While focusing on directing and producing projects, Sadie is not frequenting the red carpet as much as she used to when married to Closer actor Jude.  The star admitted: “It becomes less about me, which is great. “And then sometimes, you know, it was really nice being on the jury for the BFI recently and getting dressed up, but less and less of that happens.” Sadie previously opened up on how Jude’s Hollywood career kept them apart during their marriage, in her 2010 autobiography, Crazy Days. Then, after giving birth to the former couple’s first son, Rafferty, in 1996, she struggled through intense postnatal depression. She recalled: "Jude was away a lot, while I was sitting on the sofa, getting fatter and gripped by a nagging sense that I was jeopardising my love.” Sadie continued in the memoir: "One night, I arranged a babysitter for Raff and Fin and went out. I partied all night and got home the next day racked with guilt. I was sitting at my dressing table, not feeling anything - just numb." Postcards from Midlife LIVE is a brand new lifestyle event where your midlife questions will be answered by top experts coming together under one roof, plus boutique shopping and pampering. Visit postcardsfrommidlifelive.co.uk for tickets and further information.