Manchester United superfan Sir Jim Ratcliffe is using his ‘historic links’ to the club to try and oust the Glazers, according to football finance expert Kieran Maguire. The INEOS chief is interested in purchasing the Red Devils. However, a takeover isn’t guaranteed at the current moment in time. The Glazers confirmed back in November that they were open to selling United. And Ratcliffe seems to be the frontrunner for the Red Devils at the current moment in time as they make plans for the future. The INEOS chief previously missed out on buying Chelsea, with Todd Boehly purchasing the Blues for a huge £2.5billion. It’s been regularly claimed the Glazers want more than that to sell United, with a fee closer to the £8bn mark mooted. But football finance expert Maguire, speaking to Football Insider, believes Ratcliffe wants a discount and is using ‘leverage and the media’ to get his way. Man Utd takeover: Candidates to oust the Glazers at Old Trafford “If you take a look at Ratcliffe’s acquisition of Nice, that has not been seen as a complete success in terms of on-pitch achievement,” he said. “Ratcliffe’s approach when he tried to buy Chelsea was to go via the media rather than keep things quiet and go through the Raine Group. “It could be seen as an attempt to gain populist support by going local. That might be with a view to getting the club at a discount. “I think he is now trying to use other emotional and historic links between himself and Manchester as leverage.” Ratcliffe is currently the only person to have confirmed interest in buying United. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit But there’s still no guarantee he’ll be the man to take the club over, with interest from abroad expected as well. United have apparently attracted interest from the Middle East, with Qatar one potential party. Though they currently earn Paris Saint-Germain, they’re open to selling 10 to 15 per cent of their stake in the club. Interest from the Far East has been mooted as well. And it’s also been reported that there are parties from the United States interested, though fans will likely want to avoid a repeat of another Glazers-esque scenario. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding Ratcliffe, meanwhile, former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie told the publication the 70-year-old could be the perfect owner for Erik ten Hag. And that’s because he feels Ratcliffe would allow the Dutchman to focus purely on footballing matters. “I think Erik ten Hag is there for the long haul,” he said. “He has got a bit of Fergie in him. He is not scared to drop people, he is not scared to say what he thinks and that can only be good for the club. “All you want to chairman to do is support the manager. Run the club but support the manager. “I think that could be a match made in heaving Jim Ratcliffe and Erik ten Hag.“ McAvennie has also previously slammed the Glazers, saying they’ve made ‘shambles after shambles’ during their 18 years in charge. “I do not think there is anyone who does not want that family out,” he said last month. “From the supporters right through to the players I do not think there is anyone. They have made shambles after shambles after shambles, mistake after mistake after mistake. “It is smoke and mirrors, they have not done anything. “I think Ratcliffe is no fool, he will not pay over the top for it. I think he is a Man United supporter, what a result that is. “He has got more money than sense but if you are going to buy a club Man United is certainly the club to buy."