Many people introduce houseplants into their homes for a number of reasons, including to add a pop of colour to their homes. However, benefits extend this, and indoor plants can offer a solution for combating moisture in the air, in turn helping to prevent damp and mould. They can also help to reduce the amount of dust which settles on your furniture. Fiona Jenkins, gardening expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “Houseplants are great for reducing condensation and mould in the home. “Houseplants can help to bring down the moisture and humidity levels in the home through their leaves. “This can help to reduce the risk of mould development in the home.” The expert has shared four varieties which could be a great investment for the home.” The expert explained: “English ivy is a great option for helping to reduce moisture in the home. English ivy can help to remove airborne mould and can also help to remove other toxins in the air such as benzene and formaldehyde. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine “English ivy is best placed in bright, indirect sunlight and requires soil that should be kept moist. “The only issue with these plants is that their leaves are toxic to animals so it’s important to keep the plant out of reach of pets.” Peace lilies thrive in high humidity locations, making it the perfect houseplant to place in areas prone to mould. It works by absorbing moisture from the air through its leaves. Fiona said: “Peace lilies are another great option as their leaves do an excellent job at removing moisture from the air. DON'T MISS:‘Helter-skelter’ time for property market as house prices drop [COMMENT]I tried a baking soda tip to remove moisture from my home - results [PICTURES]Six easy steps to regrout bathroom tiles for a ‘show home’ finish [EXPERT] “Peace lilies can grow fine in shady areas and tend to grow best in areas of high humidity. Similar to ivy, however, these plants are toxic to animals so must be kept away from pets.” Palms are great for absorbing large amounts of moisture through their leaves. The expert recommended reed palms, lady palms and dwarf palms as some of the best options to go for. The gardening expert noted: “Palms thrive in indirect sunlight and require soil that is not too much and not too dry.” Also known as the mother-in-law’s tongue, the snake plant is a hardy and adaptable plant which loves mould, growing best in bright light and warm temperatures. READ MORE: Six ‘vital’ maintenance jobs to make your grass ‘greener than ever’ They are more tolerant of low light than other houseplants but will thrive best in a position with indirect light. Owners should also remove dust with a damp cloth to unblock pores, which will help the plant breathe and work better to get rid of mould. The expert added: “Snake plants have leaves which absorb humidity. These plants are also very easy to look after as they only require watering every couple of weeks. “If there is a layer of dust on your plant’s leaves, this will prevent the sunlight from being able to penetrate the leaves and this can then reduce the plant’s ability to photosynthesise. Dust can prevent houseplants from thriving.” Orchids can help to reduce humidity in the home, getting all their nutrients and moisture from the air around them. What’s more, they don’t need a very big pot to grow in, making them ideal for small spaces. This houseplant is available in a variety of different colours and it is often very easy to tell when there is a problem with an orchid seeing as their roots grow out of the pot, instead of down. If you have more than one orchid, they may benefit from being grouped together because this helps to raise the humidity amongst the plants.