British star Mark Williams has been part of Father Brown since the series first started back in 2013 on the BBC. He portrays the Catholic priest and amateur detective, who has the nifty ability to crack murder cases in the chocolate box village of Kembleford. Since then, Father Brown has grown in popularity and this year celebrates its 10th anniversary. Father Brown is Williams’ biggest role and one of the parts he is best known for alongside his role as Arthur Weasley in the Harry Potter film franchise. His work in both Harry Potter and Father Brown are likely to have been the main sources of his net worth and increasing it over the years. Williams played Arthur Weasley since 2002 when he appeared in the second film Harry Potter and the Chambers of Secrets. He then appeared in the subsequent films playing Arthur for the last one in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 in 2011. READ MORE: Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm In between Harry Potter, Williams had lots of roles in other projects including Still One All Hours, Blandings, Being Human and The Musketeers. All of this other work would have have also contributed to his net worth over the years. Some of his other work has included the Hollywood movies Stardust and 101 Dalmatians, and Shakespeare in Love. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Williams has an estimated net worth of £4.9million ($6million). The comedian and actor started off his screen career back in the 1980s and made appearances in the likes of High Season, Privileged and The Storyteller. These early roles would have helped to initially build his wealth as he built up his profile. He next has a whole range of other projects coming up, according to IMDb. Among the projects are The Dark Channel, The Effects of Lying, Dream Hacker, Lead Heads and Banking on Mr. Toad. Again, these new projects would add to Williams’ overall net worth. Speaking about being spotted as Father Brown, Williams said: “Yes, I was once recognised by a bunch of Russian fishermen. “Another time, we were filming in Blockley, which doubles as Kembleford. This Bulgarian woman had only gone there to look at the church. “But when she saw us filming, she just burst into tears. ‘I never knew you would be filming here!’” DON'T MISS...EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [THEORY]Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [VIEWER REACTION] Reflecting on the hardest part of the job, Williams said: “Riding the bike can be difficult. Gravel’s your enemy on a bike.” He went on to say how he’d been filming down by the side of a hotel on a gravel driveway, which got deeper at one point when he had a mishap. Williams said: “As I cycled out of shot, I ploughed into nine inches of gravel. I just came to a stop and toppled sideways onto the gravel. And there was a young guy working as a kitchen porter. “He could just about see through one of these kind of prison windows, and he absolutely killed himself laughing at me falling over. And I felt very pleased because I definitely made his day! “Ideally, you want to see somebody fall over in mud wearing a top hat and tails. That would get you through the shift, if not the entire week. ‘You'll never guess what?!’” Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer