Mould is the result of excess moisture which can usually be attributed to either structural problems or ventilation problems. Excess moisture can be caused by leaky pipes, rising damp in basements or ground floors, rain entering through crevices or damage to roofs or windows. It can also be a problem with new build houses which have been constructed before ground water has dried out. To remove it, Mrs Hinch fans have suggested “the best” natural method. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook, Nadia Pearce asked: “What do people use to clean black mould off walls caused by damp without damaging the paint?” Many cleaning enthusiasts recommended avoiding using bleach as it not only masks the stains, but will strip the walls of their colour. Instead a lot of the group members suggested using hydrogen peroxide, which can be purchased from health stores such as Boots and Superdrug. Katherine Green said: “Do not use bleach please, it only masks it, it doesn’t kill the spores.” READ MORE: Make ‘stubborn’ washing machine drawer stains ‘disappear’ with £1 item Carlene Hilsopp wrote: “Bleach just hides the colour of mould. Use hydrogen peroxide and leave then paint with anti mould paint.” Mandy Dunlop commented: “I have just cleaned a load of my daughters wall with hydrogen peroxide in a spray bottle, seriously the best stuff.” Michelle Maire said: “If you wanna remove and kill mould then hydrogen peroxide is what you need to use. Bleach will only clean it, it doesn’t kill it.” Tracey Dooley suggested: “Put hydrogen peroxide in a spray bottle and apply it to the mould. Leave for 10 minutes. Use a sponge to then wipe over the area.” DON'T MISSI used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my oven racks [COMMENT]Orchid expert shares five of the ‘biggest mistakes’ to avoid [EXPERT]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [TIPS] Heather Waite advised: “Clean it with hydrogen peroxide, then use an anti-mould paint, then paint over whatever colour your room is.” If your walls are painted with a colour it is best to use a solution that doesn't contain bleach. By the very nature of bleach it will most likely remove colour from the paint and leave an obvious patch on the wall meaning you will need to repaint. For those who want to use hydrogen peroxide to remove mould from their walls, it is recommended to use one with a three percent concentration. READ MORE: ‘Amazing remedy’ to dissolve ‘black stains’ from log burner glass As well as Mrs Hinch fans, the cleaning experts at The Maids also recommended this natural mould cleaning method. They said: “Hydrogen peroxide is an antifungal, antiviral, and anti-bacterial solution found in most medicine cabinets, but what many might not know is that it’s an effective mould treatment. “You can use it safely on a range of surfaces such as kitchen appliances and counters, bathroom fixtures and tubs, hard flooring, and even certain wall surfaces.” When using hydrogen peroxide to remove mould, add it to a spray bottle and test an inconspicuous area of surfaces first to prevent discolouration or damage. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If households are satisfied with the results they can saturate the whole mouldy surface and leave it for 10 minutes. Next, scrub the area with “just enough force to remove black mould and mould stains”. Once the surface is free of residual mould and stains, wipe dry. The pros also claimed that white vinegar is safe and effective to use on wall mould spores. They said: “You can use it safely on most surfaces, and its offensive odour goes away quickly. Simply pour undiluted white vinegar into a spray bottle and apply.”