The Duke of Sussex was the focus of Mark Dolan's GB News rant on Saturday as the journalist addressed King Charles' upcoming coronation. During a three-minute scathing monologue about Prince Harry, Mark branded the father-of-two an "arrogant" and "delusional" person who "knows no bounds". His harsh words about the 38-year-old royal divided viewers who voiced their comments on social media. Mark began: "The world's least happy millionaire, the ginger whinger of Windsor himself, Prince Harry reportedly wants an apology if he's going to attend the King’s coronation in May. "The arrogance of this delusional spoiled brat knows no bounds. "If an apology is in order, it is from this self-indulgent crybaby." He continued: "Will he apologise for the undoubted stress and anxiety suffered by our late, great Queen Elizabeth II when news emerged when she was alive that he was going to write a tell-all book about a family and a monarchy to which Elizabeth devoted her entire life?  READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error  "Will Harry apologise to King Charles for criticising his qualities as a father in spite of the fact our King carried such a burden raising two boys in the absence of their mother Diana while shouldering the colossal responsibility of serving as the Prince of Wales?" Mark questioned if Harry will apologise to his wider family for the "lucrative" book deal he shared which exposed the Royal Family's "secrets". The host asked if the Prince would apologise for being part of televised interviews since leaving the Royal Family to move to the US. He continued: "Will Harry apologise to his former colleagues in the military whose lives he has put in danger by bragging he killed five Taliban operatives?    "Will Harry also apologise to other royals who now have a target on their back as a result of these flippant, reckless and ill-advised comments?" Mark wanted to know if Harry would apologise to his brother, the Prince of Wales, for detailing fights, arguments and disagreements between the pair within his tell-all book Spare. "So what if your brother has decked you?" Mark added. "You keep that in the family." Mark claimed most of the British public supported the monarchy and wondered if the Prince would apologise to the people of the UK. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry forced to 'scrounge' as millions dry up – new claim [LATEST]Harry's 'older woman' uses Spare spotlight to raise money [INSIGHT]Sussexes 'scathing attacks' triggered 'seismic fractures' with William [UPDATE]  However, he told GB news viewers he felt there could be a way back into the fold for Harry if he apologised to those mentioned above. The King's coronation is just months away, but there is still no confirmation as to whether Harry will be able to attend the biggest event of his father's life with his family. The coronation for the 74-year-old monarch is taking place on Saturday, May 6 in London's Westminster Abbey. GB News viewers took to Twitter to comment on Mark's monologue, with O'Sulick penning: "Mark Dolan has a nerve."   Mary Anne Maitland fumed: "Someone should tell him to take a hike." @DrunkensailorB added: "Is this from a 'source' again? Like the rest of your pathetic journalism?" However, Mark said: "Well said, but do we really want this time bomb couple back? It would only be a matter of time before it kicks off again with them attempting to derail the monarchy with them attempting to come out of it untarnished?" (sic) Mark Dolan's GB News show airs on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays.  