Manchester United are expected to rotate for Wednesday night’s Carabao Cup showdown with Nottingham Forest. The Red Devils go into the game 3-0 up from the first leg after goals from Marcus Rashford, Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes. Express Sport now takes a look at how they should line up for the showdown at Old Trafford. United have two decent back-up goalkeepers in Tom Heaton and Jack Butland, with the latter recently arriving from Crystal Palace. But it’s hard to see David De Gea making way for either of the pair. The Spain international started the 3-1 win over Reading on Saturday night and has been virtually ever-present between the sticks this term. United are currently in talks with De Gea over a new contract, with his existing deal due to expire at the end of the season. And he’ll be hoping to feature as the Red Devils look to make a first domestic final since 2018, when they lost to Chelsea in the FA Cup. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big United decided to start Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire and Tyrell Malacia against Reading. And with the Red Devils virtually already through to the final, the trio are expected to keep their places in the team. As an insurance policy, however, Ten Hag could feasibly start Lisandro Martinez in place of Victor Lindelof. Martinez is a warrior and always has the backing of his manager. Therefore, starting him to make sure there are no slip-ups is something that can’t be ruled out. An early Forest goal would give the visitors hope, something Ten Hag won’t want to happen. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Bruno Fernandes is United’s true captain, even if he doesn’t always get the armband. And given his appetite to play every single match, we’re expecting him to keep his place in the team. The same can’t be said for Christian Eriksen, however. United won’t want to risk Casemiro, particularly with Eriksen now sidelined through injury until late April or early May, but now have no other choice following another injury to Scott McTominay. Therefore, Fred and his compatriot seem to be the feasible partnership in the middle of the park. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United have confirmed Jadon Sancho is set to return to the squad for the match against Forest. And it’s feasible he’ll come in for Rashford, allowing the 25-year-old to rest up and recharge the batteries as a result. On the opposite flank, Alejandro Garnacho may come in for Antony. And, up top, Wout Weghorst is likely to retain his place. Anthony Martial is also set to return but, given his pro injury record in recent years, starting right away would certainly be a surprise. Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Forest, meanwhile, Ten Hag provided an update on his squad. “We have some issues,” Ten Hag told club media. “I think tomorrow that Anthony Martial and Jadon Sancho will return in the game squad, but Scott McTominay will still be absent. “I think also the next game [against Crystal Palace] he will be absent. We have to see how that process will go. “And for the rest, I think everyone is fit.”