Yet re-joining is not realistic for at least a generation – the other member states won’t trust us to stick around even if we did apply to return. There is so much bad faith and mistrust that we would not get as good a deal as we previously enjoyed. This means we have to be realistic. We have to be pragmatic, whether we like it or not. Seven years from the referendum, three years from formally leaving the EU, Brexit did not need to be the absolute disaster that the Tories have overseen. But I am not surprised because I know - having been involved since October 2015 - that neither side really listened to people, neither side thought Brexit would happen, neither side had a plan. Successive Tory prime ministers have pandered to a Brexit extremist fringe that will sacrifice any and everything on the altar of Brexit, irrespective of our national and international interests. The dreadful consequences include the undermining of the Good Friday Agreement, UK musicians not being able to tour Europe, farmers on the brink of bankruptcy, a lack of fruit pickers and critical staff shortages in the NHS. They have identified mechanisms that exist in the UK-EU Trade and Co-operation Agreement (TCA) and the Northern Ireland Protocol that can be used to reduce the damaging effects of a dubious Brexit that was never “oven ready”. For example, the TCA is drafted to specifically create a hierarchy of bodies, co-chaired by an EU and UK representative, to resolve disputes. These include 10 specialised trade committees, four working groups and what is known as a ‘Partnership Council’. These mechanisms must be used if we are to reach agreements with the EU that get both sides to a more mutually advantageous position. The tools to fix the areas of Brexit that are either not working or require more time to plan, already exist and can be activated quickly. Taking an overtly ideological, aggressive approach and refusing to use these mechanisms is both arrogant and ignorant. It benefits no-one, not least the people and businesses suffering in so many sectors. Not to mention making us a laughingstock internationally. Sharpston and Forrester argue: “The UK’s political leaders and key players now require the political courage, in the national interest, to displease a faction of Brexit purists. The result will not be Brexit betrayal. It will be to palliate unnecessary damage… Recognising that the problems exist and realising that they are curable is essential if the UK is once again to thrive and prosper.” No-one voted leave for the mess we find ourselves in today. We have left – legally, due to my interventions. Three years on we need our politicians to act with less blind fury, more honesty and bravery.