Prince William has revealed that his children are all fans of one huge UK-based DJ. The Prince of Wales shares nine-year-old Prince George, seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and four-year-old Prince Louis with wife, Kate Middleton. In an exclusive interview with the Mirror, DJ Jax Jones revealed that George, Charlotte and Louis are all big fans of his music. Jax told The Mirror: "I’ve met William and Kate who are both really, really nice. "The Prince told me his kids are big Jax Jones fans, which is just insane to me.” He added: "William said the kids often want to play my tunes at home. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'hopes unsealed papers will demolish Virginia's story' to restore reputation "He didn’t say which was their favourite but I did tell him I was available for birthday parties. "We were chatting on the viewing gallery of Buckingham Palace when he told me. It was crazy… I was proper chuffed." The royal previously revealed that mornings in their royal household are often compounded by an argument over music between his eldest two children. Speaking previously on Apple's 'Time To Walk' podcast, the father-of-three said that the family start their morning with a dance around the kitchen. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'want a capitulation' from Royal Family to end feud William said: "Most mornings there’s a massive fight between Charlotte and George as to what song is played", before claiming that one favourite of the children is Shakira's 'Waka Waka'. He said: "There’s a lot of hip movements going along with a lot of dressing up. "Charlotte, particularly, is running around the kitchen, in her dresses and ballet stuff." He added that his daughter goes "completely crazy", adding that her younger brother ends up "following her around trying to do the same thing". DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's next move could help couple rake in millions [REPORT]Prince Harry and Meghan are invited to King Charles's Coronation [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan won't overshadow King Charles's Coronation - poll [OPINION] After news of Charlotte's reaction was spread, Shakira tweeted: "I'm so pleased you like my music Princess Charlotte!". Aside from music, in a visit to the Lionesses training session in 2022, William revealed his daughter's love of football, claiming that she is ‘really good in goal". William, referring to his only daughter as a "budding star for the future", adding that "Charlotte wanted me to tell you that".