A pregnant murder suspect has argued that she should be released from jail pending her trial because the detention is harming her unborn child. Natalia Harrell, 24, was just six weeks pregnant when she allegedly shot 28-year-old Gladys Yvette Borcela dead in July last year.   The pair were travelling in the back of an Uber in Miami during the incident. Footage from inside the vehicle showed a group of men and women driving from South Beach through the Brickell neighbourhood. The two women began arguing with each other, before Harrell allegedly pulled out a gun and shot Borcela dead. Harrell was also said to have told the victim: "You don't want this; you don't want me to go in my purse." Harrell's lawyer argued in court documents last Thursday that detaining the 24-year-old at Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center in Miami was unfair. The writ of habeas corpus from William M Norris said: "UNBORN CHILD has not been charged with any crime by the State. "Further, the State has placed the UNBORN CHILD in such inherently dangerous environment by placing the UNBORN CHILD in close proximity to violent criminal offenders." Norris argued that the baby deserved to be free from "unlawful and illegal detention", court documents obtained by The Miami Herald have revealed.  He also claimed that Harrell fired the weapon after fearing for the safety of her unborn baby when Borcela lunged at her during the argument. But Borcela's mother Yvette Rivera has voiced opposition to Harrell's plea. She wrote on Facebook: "Natalia Harrell Killed My Daughter And Now Is Trying To Get A Get Out Of Jail Free Card. "Where Is The Justice In Miami Florida Dade Count! I Will Not Fall I Will Not Fail Till This Is Resolved #JusticeForGigi." DON'T MISSChina warns US 'fanning flames' of Ukraine war[LATEST]Hundreds of teens ruin family's home [REPORT]Trump blasts DeSantis in late-night tirade [INSIGHT]  A police report revealed that Harrell was irritated by Borcela after she began dancing. A report obtained by Law and Crime said: "Victim Borcela began to drink and dance which according to [a witness], upset Suspect Harrell. "Suspect Harrell began to text [another woman] telling her to 'get her girl under control'." 