Williams new boy Logan Sargeant is set to make his F1 debut when the 2023 season gets underway in Bahrain this weekend. The 22-year-old will be the first American on the grid since Alexander Rossi turned out for Manor Marussia in 2015, and with the United States hosting three races this year, there’s plenty of hope among fans stateside that he will become a permanent fixture. Only 20 drivers have the chance to occupy a race seat in the pinnacle of motorsport, so it’s no surprise these elite sportsmen are rewarded handsomely for their skills. Sergeant is estimated to be worth a modest £1.2million with a 2023 salary of £329,000, according to FirstSportz. A healthy sum for sure, but it doesn’t touch the sides when compared to some of the other drivers on the grid. Max Verstappen - £165m (net worth) The back-to-back Formula 1 champion has a monster net worth according to the financial tracking website CA Knowledge, which is boosted by the joint-biggest contract in the sport. His bumper £45m salary will keep him with the team until 2028. Sergio Perez - £62m The four-time race winner’s seat with Red Bull could be under threat if he fails to replicate the form he showed when he first joined the Milton Keynes-based outfit. CA Knowledge estimates his net worth sits at £62m, with a salary of £8.28m. Charles Leclerc - 103m The Monegasque racer is expected to be Verstappen’s biggest threat again this term and the pair aren’t too far apart when it comes to the size of their bank balance either. The online publication puts Leclerc’s net worth in the region of £103m after amassing a staggering £45m from his five seasons in the sport. Carlos Sainz - £39m Sainz’s tidy £9.9m salary with the Prancing Horse helps make up his £39m net worth, according to First Sportz. The Spaniard will not be keen to defer to his team-mate next term and is sure to be going wheel to wheel for race wins with Leclerc. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton told to boycott F1 as Jeremy Corbyn signs open letter to FIA boss Lewis Hamilton - £235m Verstappen’s monster contract renewal with Red Bull brought his earnings in line with the sport’s undisputed money king. That huge £45m salary combined with his array of sponsorships and endorsements put Hamilton’s net worth at around £235m, according to Celebrity Net Worth. Not bad for a Stevenage kid who did not enjoy the lavish upbringing of most of his peers. George Russell - £13m Russell performed admirably in his debut season with the Silver Arrows, after his move from Williams,  and even managed to outrank his compatriot in the driver standings but he has a long way to go to match him in the financial department. According to CA Knowledge, the 25-year-old has a net worth of £13m but that is certain to skyrocket with more successful seasons with the German manufacturer. Pierre Gasly - £27m The first of two Frenchmen in the only French team on the grid has a great net worth than his team-mate Estaban Ocon, but earns less from Alpine. Gasly's salary is £4.14m. The duo have had a well-documented historic beef which could derail any hopes of leading the midfield if it flares up this season. Esteban Ocon - £15m A race winner in the crazy 2021 F1 season, Ocon will be keen to catch his new teammate on track as well as in the bank. CA Knowledge reckons the Frenchman’s net worth of £15m is some way shy of their calculations for his teammate. He pockets £4.97m in salary.  Fernando Alonso - £214m There is lots of buzz around Aston Martin after their stunning showing in preseason testing. Yes, it’s only pre-season, but the prospect of a 41-year-old Alonso winning races or even claiming his third world championship is too seductive to ignore. Only time will tell if this is another false dawn for the Spaniard but at least he has a hefty net worth of £214m, according to Celebrity Net Worth, to ease any potential suffering. His salary is £4.14m. Lance Stroll - £41m The Canadian is facing a race against time to be fit for the F1 opening after a bicycle crash last week. Stroll is the son of team owner Lawrence Stroll, who is reported to be worth £2.4billion, and has taken some flack for the obvious nepotism at the summit of motorsport. Nevertheless, the 24-year-old has shown signs of belonging and with his seat assured while his dad remains at the head of the organisation, he is guaranteed to secure some good results in the fast new Aston. He’s got to go some way to replicate the mammoth sums generated by his old man according to Celebrity Net Worth. He picks up £1.66m a season. Lando Norris - £25m If preseason testing is to be believed the Brit could be looking at another frustrating season this term but his sizeable bank balance should go some way to curing those ills, according to the team at CA Knowledge. Norris’ talents are known across the paddock so it’s really his team who has the job of showing him it’s worth sticking around beyond this year. His talents are rewarded to the tune of £16.5m by McLaren. Oscar Piastri - £1.2m The Australian rookie replaces his countryman Daniel Riccardo at the British team hoping to back up his impressive career in the junior categories of the sport. Only two drivers have managed to match his feat of winning the FIA F3 and F2 championships in consecutive seasons and both of them, Russell and Leclerc, have gone on to do just fine on the biggest stage. FirstSportz put his net worth at just over £1m, with his wages 10 times smaller than his more experienced team-mate. Valtteri Bottas - £17m Bottas’ season petered out at the end of the last campaign and the longtime Hamilton wingman will be keen to show the skills that were on full display while at Mercedes. Celebrity Net Worth estimate the Fin has a net worth of £17m thanks, in part, to his decade in the sport and his £8.28m salary. Zhou Guanyu - up to £4m Last season’s F1 rookie of the year could make a big splash in his sophomore campaign. Never mind the fact the Chinese racer was the only rookie last term, his displays on the track were befitting recognition. Guanyu’s net worth is harder to pin down than most but various estimates put it between £825,000 and £4m. His £1.66m salary is clearer according to Sportrac.  Kevin Magnussen - £21m Magnussen reminded everyone of his F1 pedigree when he jumped into the Haas only days prior to last season’s opener to earn his £4m annual income from the team. The Dane replaced Russian Nikita Mazapin and has a reported £21m net worth, according to CA Knowledge, on account of several seasons in the sport before his hiatus in 2021. Nico Hulkenberg - £8m Much like his teammate, Hulkenberg makes his return to F1 after a short period away. Few would have predicted the 35-year-old would ever sit behind the wheel of a Formula One car again but after the departure of Mick Schumacher the German will have dreams of improbably ending his run without a podium finish. The financial outfit estimated Hulkenberg’s net worth to be around £8m, with Haas pumping in £1.66m a year. Yuki Tsunoda - £4m The 21-year-old has become a fan favourite for his rogue actions on the track, as well as his foul-mouthed tirades on the team radio. The Japanese driver is due a period of consistent running with the Red Bull sister team and can be confident of his place in F1 thanks to his connections with Honda. According to FirstSportz, both he and his teammate share a similar net worth. With Sargeant, he is the lowest paid by his team at a salary of £830,000. Nyck de Vries - up to £4m De Vries makes his official F1 bow a few years later than he would have hoped, having served as the reserve driver for Mercedes and then standing in for Albon at last year's Italian Grand Prix. With a permanent spot on an F1 team, the 28-year-old will be keen to make up for the missed time. The Dutchman has an estimated net worth between £825,000 - £4m, thanks to his success in Formula 2 and Formula E - with AlphaTauri paying him £1.66m a year. Alex Albon - £825,000 Sargeant’s Williams team-mate may have a few years of F1 experience on the American but the fresh-faced duo are pretty much neck and neck in the financial department. The Thai-British driver recovered well from his unhappy spell behind the wheel at Red Bull racing and will be determined to stamp his authority as the unfancied team’s No.1 driver in 2023. FirstSportz’s estimates put Albon just behind his rookie team-mate when it comes to their financial might, but his salary eclipses his at £2.48m.