Kirsty Gallacher showcased her washboard abs in a series of workout photos which she shared with her 385,000 followers on Tuesday. The presenter was inundated with supportive messages on the picture-sharing site but was forced to hit back at a social media troll. The 47-year-old looked toned as she showed off her toned stomach in a crop top and leggings during a gruelling workout. The on-screen star took to her stories and shared a screenshot of a message she received from one of her followers. The person in question claimed she was no longer a young woman in a brutal message. In the images, Kirsty sported black activewear, flashing a hint of her leopard print bra and teaming the look with black Nike sneakers. READ MORE: Birds of a Feather's Lesley Joseph on Pauline Quirke not being on TV She pulled her dark tresses back into a ponytail as she took part in various workout routines. "Back at it but a bit of a change… Still lifting but concentrating also more on core, mobility and flexibility. Already seeing a change which I love thank you," she wrote in her post. She performed exercises including unilateral exercises with dumbbells, the glute bridge march, and arm and leg lifts which helped target her core. Despite being flooded with messages of praise, one social media user slammed the presenter. She pulled her dark tresses back into a ponytail as she took part in various workout routines. "Back at it but a bit of a change… Still lifting but concentrating also more on core, mobility and flexibility. Already seeing a change which I love thank you," she wrote in her post. She performed exercises including unilateral exercises with dumbbells, the glute bridge march, and arm and leg lifts which helped target her core. Despite being flooded with messages of praise, one social media user slammed the presenter. DON'T MISS... Love Island's Chris Hughes rushed to hospital after 'torturing body'[LATEST]Charley Webb's 'dream' business closes after just two and half years[TV]Britney Spears says she feels bullied by US star over well-being worry[US] Stui305 wrote: "Why? Accept your not a young woman." Kirsty initially replied with a crying with laughter emoji before addressing the comment via her Instagam account. She penned: "I don't usually do things like this but I had to share this message. "Please look, from one of my 'loyal' followers. Bearing in mind this comment was posted under positive training photos and there's a reason why I posted these which will become apparent over the next few days!" Kirsty has since been inundated with messages of support which she shared on her social media account. Sky presenter Sarah Jane wrote: "Solidarity with @gallacherkirsty. I know women who are stronger than women in their 20s/30s and men of any age." She replied: "Love you @skysarahjane and thank you. I feel better than I ever have." Kirsty reposted the photo and captioned the image: "And here's the picture again [crying with laughter emoji]," as she flashed her abs for a second time.