Manchester United will respond to Cristiano Ronaldo's ruthless criticism of the club's facilities by investing millions into their training ground this summer. The Red Devils will be under new ownership or have new investment by the end of the season, and revamping their Carrington base is near the top of the priority list. The Glazer family could sell the club in the coming months after a controversial 18-year tenure at the helm, with Friday as Raine's deadline for bids. A major criticism of the Glazers' regime has been a lack of investment in Old Trafford, the surrounding areas of the iconic stadium, and United's training facilities. Despite being arguably the world's biggest club, their monstrous revenue has seemingly been aimed everywhere but those three areas, leaving Carrington state-of-the-art no more. However, that looks set to change, with new owners or an influx in investment allowing United to update their dated facilities. According to The Sun, United plan to overhaul Carrington this summer by injecting millions into the club's HQ. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp 'furious' with ex-Liverpool star as 'alarm bells ringing'  The improvements will include a new wellness suite, where players can perform yoga, and a pamper parlour, among other new areas. Ronaldo outed United's lack of investment in the training facilities in his bombshell interview with Piers Morgan in November, which led to the club terminating his contract. The 38-year-old revealed much behind the scenes hadn't changed since his first departure to Real Madrid in 2009. He said: "The progress was zero. Since Sir Alex left, I saw no evolution in the club. Nothing had changed. "He [Ferguson] knows better than anybody that the club is not on the path they deserve to be. He knows. Everyone knows. DON'T MISS Arsenal robbed as VAR 'forgot' to draw lines in offside Brentford goalReece James sends message to Chelsea fan knocked out by brutal punchMan Utd boss Ten Hag in uncharted territory if Leeds wish fulfilled "The people who don't see that… it's because they don't want to see it. They are blind. "I think the fans should know the truth. I want the best for the club. This is why I came to Manchester United. "But you have some things inside that don't help [us] reach the top level as City, Liverpool and even now Arsenal. "A club with this dimension should be top of the tree, in my opinion, and they are not, unfortunately." The Carrington upgrades will be a welcome move for Erik ten Hag, who will be entering the second year of his United rebuild in June. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here