A 59-year-old woman from Nottingham has cut her food shop by £70 by using the website Approved Food. Jane Macadam used to spend £120 every 10 days on a food shop but is now spending only £50 on shopping for herself and her husband. As a result, Jane is saving a lot of money since switching to Approved Food, spending only £1,825 annually as opposed to £4,380 when using regular supermarkets. Approved Food is an online supermarket striving to fight food waste by selling good quality products past their ‘best before’ date, at reduced prices. During the current cost of living crisis, families across the UK will be looking for ways to save money and cutting back on food shops is one strategy that could be helpful to many. Jane purchases a wide range of discounted items from Approved Food, including alcohol, crisps, biscuits, baked beans, coffee, dog treats, shampoo, conditioner, and vitamins. READ MORE: Dragons' Den rejects triple their sales overnight despite product being labelled 'risky' She stated: “I usually open the Tesco website at the same time and compare my shopping baskets to Approved Food's, and then I can clearly see that I am significantly saving. “I also recommend signing up to Approved Food emails which keeps their customers updated on their latest bargains as stock can change from day to day. “Delivery is £3.00 but the savings far exceed a delivery charge. This is deducted when your order is over £55 and believe me that is easy to spend.” “Recently, I purchased Heinz Baked Beans 415g, which would usually cost £1.20 at Tesco, however I purchased the same product from Approved Food for £1.00. In addition, I bought Corned Beef from Approved Food for £1.75 and on Tesco, it's priced at £3.50.” READ MORE: Octopus customer had almost £1,000 'wiped' from her energy bill - are you eligible? She explained that she never pays full price for coffee for her Tassimo machine and although they may not be on sale every day, she grabs the pods when they are. Approved Food also have these £1 lucky boxes which can be a great surprise as people don’t know what is in there. Jane said she has received a very pricey Italian virgin olive oil within the box which would have been £7. She continued: “One of my recent lucky boxes included mainly skincare products and when I looked up their price, I discovered that these products would have normally cost me £90. “Most people don't realise Approved Food sells high-end beauty products too, including Olaplex and Elemis which are great gifts. I would never usually buy a product like this if it wasn't for the majorly discounted price at Approved Food. Additionally, I have purchased colouring books and kids' games, which have made wonderful presents in the past.” Many products are perfectly safe and fit to use well past the ‘best before’ date. What’s more, Approved Food wants to spread the word about the cost benefits of shopping and using products beyond their ‘best before’ date, which can be an extremely effective way of saving money on monthly food costs. Approved Food stocks products from some of the UK’s favourite food brands like Nestle, Heinz, Haribo, Cadbury and more – all at reduced prices, with reduced waste. Currently, Approved Food shoppers can find deals on Garnier Fructis (43 percent off), Candy Kittens (40 percent off), and Jacob’s Mini Cheddars (44 percent off).