Kevin Durant has now been officially unveiled by the Phoenix Suns following his trade from the Brooklyn Nets. Durant wasted no time admitting he was "one of the best ever" during his press conference, but his comment has been met with severe backlash from fans. Durant is now officially a Suns player, although he won't be out on the court right away due to a knee injury he sustained in January. The Nets let go of both Kyrie Irving and Durant during the recent trade window, with both stars moving onto the Dallas Mavericks and the Suns respectively. Irving is now playing alongside Luka Doncic, while Durant will share the court with Chris Paul and Devin Booker. Durant claimed in his first Suns press conference that he's feeling the pressure due to being "one of the best to ever play the game", as the franchise are now tipped for a deep run in the postseason. But fans have tore into Durant, with some accusing him of joining teams that are already built, rather than leading an upcoming side. The 34-year-old was the second overall pick back in 2007, and there's no doubt that he's one of the best talent the NBA has seen. But despite reaching the NBA finals with Oklahoma City Thunder and scooping up an MVP award along the way, he was criticised for joining the Golden State Warriors in 2016. The Thunder threw away a 3-1 lead to the Warriors during the the conference finals the season before, and Durant then jumped ship to join the likes of Stephen Curry over in Golden State. Two NBA titles soon followed, but fans haven't stopped laying into Durant about joining the team that were almost guaranteed to win trophies. Durant then joined the Nets in 2019, and on paper over the past few seasons they've been one of the favourites. It didn't go that way, and now he's been mocked again as his move to the Suns has been compared to his trade back in 2016. "This dude just turns up when everything is already built," one fan wrote on Twitter in response to his first Suns press conference. "No you're not (one of the best ever), you're just somebody who runs from the grind and join super teams," another added. American sports broadcaster Stephen A. Smith said this week that the Suns "have to win this year" now that Durant has joined the roster, but fans have also said that it's because of that exact reason that they could collapse in the postseason. "Normally, that would be a lock in bet. But I don't know anymore," one fan wrote. "Waiting on the Suns generational postseason collapse," another fan harshly added. Durant is still one of the best, but the fan pressure may be playing on his mind just as much as his self-proclaimed "best ever" tag.