Good Morning Britain's weather presenter Alex Beresford, 42, suffered a blunder while on set at ITV when his earpiece got stuck. He ended up seeking the help of Loose Women presenter Charlene White, 42, who rushed to his aid. The forecaster explained he is now recovering from a "small surgery" after he underwent a "painless extraction". Alex sought the help of his colleagues as Charlene attempted to dislodge a piece of plastic that was stuck deep in his ear. His ITV colleagues even tried to pull it out with tweezers as he detailed all to his 241,000 followers. Sharing a candid photo of the successful "surgery", Charlene could be seen trying to pull out Alex's earpiece. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' He penned: "Just recovered from a small surgery. I’d like to thank Dr @CharleneWhite for delivering a painless extraction of my earpiece that got lost deep in my ear. "What she can do with a pair of tweezers and phone torch." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they shared their dismay. Derek wrote: "Flippin heck!" Zoe quipped: "I bet @CharleneWhite has done that before!" while Lynn penned: "Ouch!" Alex has been presenting the weather on ITV for over 10 years and often covers national forecasts as well as breakfast forecasts on Good Morning Britain. Meanwhile, the dad-of-one celebrated his one-year engagement anniversary last month. Taking to Instagram, the GMB presenter, who married Imogen McKay in October after they began dating in August 2020, shared a series of sweet throwback snaps. The pictures included a loved-up shot of the couple on holiday in Deia, Mallorca, after his proposal on New Year's Day last year, a close-up of the ring and a joyful photograph of the newlyweds after their nuptials. Alex proposed to Imogen in a cove in Deia as they enjoyed a New Year's break together. The couple decided to return to Majorca for a lavish wedding ceremony in October. Alex captioned the post: "On this morning last year as the sun lit up a beautiful little cove in Deia I got down on one knee and asked Imogen to marry me and 9 months later we had the most amazing day." The married couple first began dating after a mutual friend set the pair up on a blind date. He told HELLO! magazine: "I'd been on my own for a while and was ready for a new relationship. But I was adamant I didn't want to try a dating website. "I'm of an age where before social media, you met a girl, took her phone number and called to invite her out." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.