Clarkson's Farm is back with a second season and Jeremy Clarkson causing havoc on Diddly Squat Farm once again. After feeling the impacts of Brexit like many other farmers, he needed to think of ways to make some extra cash. Jeremy wanted to utilise the potatoes they had grown in abundance on the farm, so he decided to make crisps. In episode four of season two, he realised there was the small issue of not having the correct machinery or equipment to make them. After spending yet more cash to purchase a "crisp kitchen", he and his partner Lisa got to work testing the kit out. Jeremy said: "So here are our potatoes, just rinse them because they are going in here, which peels them somehow." He then picked up a mandolin which is used for thinly slicing vegetables. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson shouldn't be fired over Meghan Markle, says Dom Joly As he demonstrated to Lisa he said: "So you go like this, but your fingers are there. "If you get them too low...can you imagine how easily you can take a finger..." He then screamed as he gripped hold of his thumb and swore out loud, with a shocked Lisa rushing to his aid. He continued to swear as he ran his injured hand under the tap and a fair amount of blood could be seen. Lisa admitted: "That's bad, you have literally taken it down to the bone." "Oh my god! It's left, look! There it is, there's your skin." The camera then showed viewers Jeremy's thumb skin which was caught in the mandolin. Jeremy said: "Oh s*** it is, that is actually my thumb isn't it?" DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson 'attacked' by cow after being in 'wrong place' Jeremy Clarkson slams lack of EU subsidy after Brexit in ‘c*** job’ Jeremy Clarkson shares first snap with newborn granddaughter Lisa responded with: "There's blood everywhere" before she helped him get bandaged up. Later, Jeremy found out he needed to go to the hospital as he showed viewers a gruesome photo of his thumb. He pointed out how he had removed so many layers of skin, he could see "bone". Ahead of the show's launch, he recalled the incident, saying: "I cut half of my thumb off, but it’s all been sewn back on again now. "It’s interesting that the only proper injury I’ve sustained in farming – a long-lasting one – was actually from cooking, rather than farming. "Which just goes to show Gordon Ramsay’s job is more dangerous than mine." Season two also sees Jeremy purchase some chickens and a herd of cows to diversify the farm. He also documented his relentless battle with locals who opposed to his idea of opening a new restaurant.  Clarkson's Farm season 2 is on Amazon Prime Video now