Love Island was thrown into chaos as torrential rain ground filming to a halt and forced producers to issue the islanders with strict instructions to stay indoors. This is the second time the weather has thrown a spanner in the works for the team. At the start of the series, host Maya Jama’s grand entrance was slightly hampered by gale force winds which blew through the residence and threatened the continuation of filming at the time. A show source confided to The Sun: “The weather in South Africa has been a nightmare over the past 24 hours. “It isn’t ideal for the producers as what viewers want to see is the sexy stars in their bikinis lounging by the pool – not sitting around inside. Their source added the storm passed, and the weather forecast is looking far more promising for the next few days. The winter season of Love Island is being filmed on the 25-acre estate of Ludus Magnus in Franschhoek, near Cape Town. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Just last week South African President Cyril Ramaphosa declared a national state of disaster. This was to enable an intensive response to widespread flooding that has affected seven of the country's nine provinces. The floods were brought on by heavy rainfall as a result of the La Nina weather phenomenon. Mpumalanga and the Eastern Cape have been the most affected regions. However, Love Island contestants are oblivious to the drama in the outside world as they have no access to news or outside media but they have plenty of drama to occupy in them in the villa. Last night fans saw Martin was less than impressed by Tanya's declaration of love for Shaq. She told Shaq: “I’m so sorry it took someone else coming in for me to fully realise that I can’t lose you.” This led new boy Martin to declare: “I look like an idiot in front of everyone.” DON'T MISS...Love Island's Tasha Ghouri defends Andrew Le Page from cruel trolls [LATEST]The Apprentice 'has lost its business edge' blasts former winner [EXCLUSIVE]Love Island viewers fume as Martin Akinola is 'bullied' [REACTION] With tensions running high, tonight’s movie night might be the straw that breaks the camel's back. Hailed for providing the most explosive episodes over the last few years, the notorious task has torn couples apart. The premise sees teams compete and when they win a round they get to choose a clip to watch from their time on the island. Previous Islanders have been left seething as secret moments are exposed on screen for all to see. This means that Shaq could potentially watch footage of Tanya and Martin in Casa Amor. He is currently unaware she invited Martin into her bed on the first night following a row with him before they were separated. Though the pair made up before she left, Tanya still made a beeline for Irish hunk Martin. After sharing a bed together on the first night, she also gushed over him as she admitted to the girls that she wanted to see “what's there”. Love Island is on ITV2 at 9pm nightly.