Starz has confirmed their hit historical drama will be coming to an end soon, with just two more seasons of Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his wife Claire’s (Caitriona Balfe) adventures to come. Outlander fans went into meltdown this week when the Scottish leading man took to Instagram to confirm filming for the penultimate season had come to an end. Heughan and Balfe beamed at the camera in their final behind-the-scenes snap for Outlander season seven. The two co-stars held the last clapper board for the season emblazoned with the announcement, "That’s a wrap!" Season seven is due to be released this summer, and the two stars have now confirmed the footage is in the can and ready to be polished in the editing room. “That’s a WRAP!!!” he exclaimed in the caption with a raised hands emoji. READ MORE: Death in Paradise season 12 welcomes guest stars for the grand finale He continued: “220 shooting days, a whole year of Outlander. “THANK YOU to our amazing crew who have worked so hard and to our brilliant fans… We CANNOT WAIT for you to [see] season eight.” Outlander’s official Twitter page also confirmed the exciting news with more shots of the cast, including Sophie Skelton and Richard Rankin, celebrating on set. Filming took longer this time around as season seven has been extended to 16 episodes to make up for season six’s shortened run. Last year’s delayed and truncated outing was filmed in the midst of COVID-19 restrictions, so fans are eagerly awaiting the series’ upcoming run. A number of Heughan’s 3.9 million followers took to the comments to show their excitement for the latest update. @jessnics13 replied: “Oh thank you!! This Droughtlander has been rough.” @janekirschenmann commented: “Can’t wait for season seven! I will go back and watch season 1-6 for the 37th time! Enjoy the short rest!” “Can’t wait for what I know will be an awesome season!!” @amieam1 wrote. DON'T MISS:Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes confirms romance with girlfriend Kelsea [INSIGHT]The Goldberg's Adam Goldberg star pays tribute after cancellation [COMMENT]Harry and Meghan's documentary delivers crushing blow to Netflix rival [LATEST] @francesca_v_shiny posted: “CONGRATS Sam! We can’t wait to see Season 7: we’re dying in our #Droughlander! “Get some REST and a lot of FUN: ENJOY you time! Lots of love man.” @nadine_0681 said: “Whoop whoop! Can’t wait to see it!” And @chelsea_1688 exclaimed: “Whoohoo!!!!!! How exciting!! “Thank you for working so hard to bring us this amazing show! Can’t wait to see season seven! Is it summer yet?” An official release date for the seventh instalment has not yet been set, but Outlander is expected to premiere sometime in July or August. Moreover, now Heughan has confirmed filming has been completed there may be more announcements and trailers to come over the next few weeks. The cast will soon begin work on Outlander season eight, while Starz is also in the middle of developing the first spin-off, Blood of My Blood, centred around Jamie’s parents. Outlander season 7 premieres summer 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.