WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.Death in Paradise season 12 is back with its penultimate episode that acts as the second instalment of a two-part special. Last week, DI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) was arrested on the suspicion of killing murderer David Cartwright (Patrick Kennedy) when he stormed over to his hotel room, furious at the thought he was going to get away with his crime. Episode seven will pick up from where it left last week with the team determined to find out the truth about what happened. Criminologist David Cartwright was last week's villain, having murdered water taxi driver Jake Dalton (Ben Tavassoli). While he thought he got away with murder, David himself was found dead at his hotel room but was Neville actually responsible for his death? Actor Patrick Kennedy's most recent roles have been in Atlanta, The Queen's Gambit and Around the World in 80 Days. One of his biggest parts to date was back in 2005 as Richard Carstone in Bleak House. READ MORE: Janet Street-Porter admits to being 'terrified' of Loose Women co-star Doomsday prepper Justin West will be back after featuring in season 12's second episode where his wife was charged with the manslaughter of a fellow prepper. He returns for episode seven as the team thinks he might be able to help prove Neville's innocence. Actor and comedian Robert Webb is best known for playing Jeremy "Jez" Usbourne in the Channel 4 sitcom Peep Show with David Mitchell. He has also been in The Smoking Room, Back, Whitstable Pearl, Cold Feet and Frayed. Shortly after Neville is arrested DI Karen Flitcroft from the Department of Policing Standards takes over the investigation. Believing the rest of the team are too close to Neville to properly investigate Professor Cartwright's murder, she steps in. Actress Jay Griffiths will be best recognised as Elizabeth Croft in the BBC drama Doctors. She has also played Ros Henderson in Bugs and DI Sally Johnson in ITV's The Bill. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest disappointed after huge painting valuation [REACTION]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Sophie's true identity  [SPOILER]Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker twist [EXPLAINER] Another familiar face returning to try and prove Neville isn't a killer is his former colleague DC Andrew Buckley. He assisted the Saint Marie police officers back in episode three of season 12 via a video link. Hollyoaks fans will remember actor Kent Riley for playing Zak Ramsey in 2004 before making his exit in 2010. Since then, Riley has been in Happy Valley, Coronation Street, Doctors, Tin Star, The Tower and The Walk-In. Henry Baptiste, a teacher who works at an adult education centre, was a suspect in episode six. Actor Solomon Israel has been in Lovesick, In the Long Run, The Dumping Ground and I Live with Models. Returning as victim Jake Dalton's wife Rose Dalton is actress Cara Theobold who was Ivy Stuart in Downton Abbey. Death in Paradise season 12 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.