Last night’s episode of BBC's Dragons' Den, which features fledgling entrepreneurs looking for backing in return for a stake in their start-up, saw award-winning food journalist Richard Johnson pitch his Street Food Ventures to the panel of Dragons. But despite his passion for the food, Richard’s pitch plummeted as the Dragons gave him disastrous feedback after he entered seeking out a £60,000 investment for a nine percent stake in his business. Richard told the esteemed business brains that he had successfully established the British Street Food Awards, which was followed by the European Street Food Awards seven years later. And he planned to roll out the awards to the US due to a sponsorship contact stateside with the opportunity to bring in revenue via "sponsorship and global franchising opportunities". Richard, who said he was "terrified" ahead of the pitch, was initially praised by Peter for his previous projects including penning his own book. However, the pitch soon took a turn when Peter admitted he could not get his head around the pitch. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments “I don’t get your business," Peter stated, after he tucked into the tasty samples of street food, adding he does enjoy eating street food himself. The painful exchange ensued as Peter probed how he planned to monetise "the concept" as he poked holes in Richard’s plans. Richard told Peter: “Well, at the end of the year, we launch in America.” ’‘But launch what?’ the Dragon continued, as he received the answer that the American Street Food Awards were set to be launched.  As Richard failed to give Peter the answers he was looking for, the Dragon became exasperated. So much so, he branded the pitch "painful" as he questioned what would be in it for the US contact. Peter continued to blast the idea, branding it "awful" and offering "blunt" constructive feedback. Unsurprisingly, none of the other four Dragons – Sara Davies, Touker Suleyman, Deborah Meaden and Steven Bartlett – got on board with Richard’s business concept. DON'T MISS:Squid Game reality show faces health and safety reviewThe Apprentice star ‘axed for drinking on flight to Dubai’ John Cleese insists 'I’m not doing Fawlty Towers with the BBC' But it wasn’t all bad news for last night’s entrepreneurs as Adaptability partners Christian Brownlee and Matthew Walker impressed social media mogul Steven Bartlett for their "game-changing" Oveo mobility power chair. The pair, who are both paralysed and power chair users themselves, gave a passionate pitch. They even encouraged the Dragons to take the New Zealand-developed technology for a spin. Marking a first for the UK disability market, the chair is propelled by the user's body weight. It also has all-terrain wheels allowing a "life-changing" freedom for solo exploring across beaches and tough terrain. Christian and Matt pulled off their pitch and secured the backing of three dragons – Sara, Steven and Touker. Peter and Deborah both declared themselves "out" but Christian and Matthew did manage to escape the brutal feedback Peter had given Richard. Dragons' Den returns on BBC One at 8pm on Thursday. 