Liverpool star Cody Gakpo admits he has been affected by his failure to score for his new club yet. The Dutchman, who earned a reputation as one of Europe’s most prolific forwards at PSV, goes into Monday’s Merseyside derby having failed to find the net in his six appearances for the Reds. Gakpo scored 13 goals and provided a further 17 assists for PSV in the first half of the season. But he has failed to contribute to a goal since making the £37million switch to Anfield at the start of January. The 23-year-old said any forward who insists not scoring does not affect them is ‘lying’. He believes he can end his goal drought by adapting to life at Liverpool under Jurgen Klopp. “The guys who say it doesn’t affect them when they don’t score are lying. I am an attacking player so, of course, I like to score goals or give assists - and I also like to win,” Gakpo said ahead of the clash with rivals Everton. JUST IN: Liverpool team news as Diogo Jota 'may start' vs Everton “I am just trying to improve my game and fit how I play into how the team plays. If I can do that, the rest will follow.” Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk played a key role in convincing his Netherlands team-mate to snub interest from Manchester United in favour of joining the Reds. Gakpo revealed that Van Dijk has been giving him encouragement ahead of the Merseyside derby - and hopes to follow in the footsteps of his international captain by scoring his first goal for the club against Everton. Van Dijk headed home on his debut in an FA Cup tie against the Toffees. Gakpo said of their conversations: “Virgil has told me about the derby and said it’s going to be a big fight. He also told me he scored his first goal against Everton - and now I hope for exactly the same.” DON'T MISS...Pep Guardiola sends ominous warning to Premier League rivalsLiverpool icon Carragher names three reasons he is 'baffled' by GakpoJurgen Klopp snaps at Jordan Henderson question in prickly exchange Klopp has been impressed by Gakpo’s pressing abilities and is not concerned that the attacker is yet to score. The Liverpool boss said at the end of January: “His defending is outstanding. Okay, we bought a striker and talk about defending but his defending in the central position is outstanding. That's what we need.” The German continued: You can see in his finishing, he is a sensational finisher and his shooting from distance is outstanding. “I’m completely happy. People will say he didn’t score but coming in as a striker in our team in this moment, congratulations, and then getting judged because you don’t score, that’s really cool.”