Chelsea head coach Graham Potter looks set to continue in his role for the time being, despite the club's 1-0 defeat to Southampton increasing the pressure on the under-fire manager. The Blues slumped to another hugely disappointing result against the Premier League's bottom club on Saturday to leave their top-four hopes in the balance, but reports suggest the board are still prepared to back their beleaguered boss. James Ward-Prowse's free-kick just before half-time condemned Chelsea to a ninth Premier League defeat of the season, with Raheem Sterling missing two chances to score in the second half. It comes just three days after their 1-0 defeat to Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League last-16 first leg. The west London club are 10 points adrift of fourth-placed Newcastle and 21 points behind leaders Arsenal despite spending £600million since Todd Boehly's takeover in May. Potter oversaw a £323m spend in January with eight new signings, but the extraordinary transfer spree has yet to yield any positive news for the Chelsea boss after their latest defeat. However, according to the Daily Telegraph, the club's board position 'has not changed' and Potter still retains their support despite their abysmal run of form. READ MORE: Graham Potter has already received clear Jose Mourinho warning It is also reported that the board have faith in Potter to win over the fans eventually. The former Brighton boss, appointed in September as Thomas Tuchel's successor, has proved to be a divisive figure amongst the fanbase who questioned the reasoning behind Tuchel's sacking. The Chelsea players were booed off in front of their home fans after failing to find the net again as their goal worries threaten to derail their season. It means Potter has now won just two of his last 14 games in the league, with the 47-year-old enduring the worst win percentage of any Chelsea manager since Glenn Hoddle in 1995. The Blues have also failed to score in four of their last five games and have found the net only once in that run, with the struggling Saints - without a manager after firing Nathan Jones - battling to a hard-earned victory at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSChelsea star Marc Cucurella in 'terrifying home burglary'Jamie Carragher 'baffled' by Chelsea and names 'massive problem'Chelsea owner Boehly told he must 'spend more' after Dortmund loss Potter had a message for the fans that jeered his side and insisted he is still the right man for the job. And with the support of the board, it seems he will get more time to prove it ahead of a crucial run of fixtures in the coming weeks, with clashes against Dortmund and Tottenham to come. "After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable,” he said. "I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. "I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. "My job is to help the team, keep working through a team period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough."