Police leading the search for missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley will hold a press conference this morning as they seek to battle back against disinformation over her disappearance. The update will take place at 11.30am as speculation about what might have happened to the 45-year-old continues to grow - 18 days after she vanished. Lancashire Police Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson and Senior Investigating Officer Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith will lead the conference. Ms Bulley disappeared on January 27 while walking her springer spaniel Willow in the village of St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. She had also just dropped off her two daughters - aged six and nine - at school. At a previous press conference on February 3, police told the public of its "main working hypothesis" that she had fallen in the river during a "10-minute window" between 9.10am and 9.20am on January 27. Ms Bulley had logged into a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am, which ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected to the call. The last known sighting of the mum-of-two was by another dog walker at 9.10am. Police have traced telephony records of her mobile phone as it remained on a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am. The device was found by a dog walker around 15 minutes later, with her springer spaniel Willow still nearby. The force had said her disappearance was not being treated as suspicious. But 12 days later, Ms Bulley remains missing, and detectives have now extended their search for her to the sea, saying finding her there "becomes more of a possibility". READ MORE: UK inflation dips slightly to 10.1 percent Last week Paul Ansell, the partner of Ms Bulley, said he will never give up hope of finding her but said the family was going through "unprecedented hell". He told 5 News presenter Dan Walker: "But that hope and that positivity in me is stronger than ever, and I'm never, ever going to let go. "Nikki would never give up on us ever. She wouldn't give up on anybody. And we're not going to ever give up on her, we're going to find her." "There has to be a way to find out what happened, there has to be. You cannot, you cannot walk your dog down a river and just vanish into thin air. Something happened that day, something." DON'T MISSWaitrose record price cuts start today in all UK stores - full list [ANALYSIS]Widdecombe tears apart Heseltine for 'completely wrong' Brexit claim [VIDEO]Woman assaulted on London bus in religiously-aggravated incident [REPORT] Well-wishers have continued to leave hand-written "messages of hope" that the 45-year-old mortgage adviser will be found unharmed in St Michael's on Wyre. The messages, which first appeared on flower-shaped ribbons on Sunday, have been written on yellow ribbons on a bridge over the River Wyre. They include ones that say "hope is the last thing ever lost" and "Nikki, I love you, come home". Others reading "we need you home Nicola", "praying for your safe return" and "I love you" were tied to the bridge. A large poster with a photograph of Ms Bulley has also been attached to the railings.