The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents and the Older Drivers Forum believes there is no maximum safe age for driving. Both organisations believe that efforts should be made to keep mature drivers on the road, safely and for as long as possible. Driving has positive effects on an individual’s wellbeing and allows them to be more independent. Generally, mature drivers are safer on the road than those with less experience, although aspects of health do decline as time goes on. There have been calls recently to require older motorists to take mandatory “fitness tests” or eyesight tests to be able to continue driving and keep their licences. Despite the proposals, some local authorities are taking matters into their own hands and helping elderly drivers with anything they may be struggling with. READ MORE: Huge new number plate changes to be introduced tomorrow The Powys Road Safety Unit runs an informal classroom-based advice and information session for drivers over the age of 55. The informal workshop covers a number of topics on which elderly drivers could be more susceptible, including eyesight requirements and medication laws. At the end of the course, attendees will also be given information about participating in the free, one-hour “Drive On” assessment with a local advanced driving instructor. It aims to help mature drivers update their road and Highway Code knowledge. DON'T MISSDriving law changes in March - number plates, fuel duty and more [INSIGHT]E10 petrol 'causes vehicles to run terribly' as many return to E5 [SHOCKING]Drivers at risk of huge £5,000 charge for listening to the radio [WARNING] Sessions are completely free and take place around the county every three months. Councillor Jackie Charlton, cabinet member for a greener Powys, has advised any drivers who are uncertain about their condition to look into the new scheme. She said: “Ensuring that our roads and the people of Powys are safe is hugely important to us. “I would urge mature drivers across Powys to take advantage of this fantastic scheme. READ MORE: New 2023 driving law changes could see motorists fined up to £10,000 “These free workshops are so important because they will remind us of the recent Highway Code changes, refresh and update our essential driving skills and could ultimately help save lives.” There has been a great number of Highway Code changes since the start of 2022 with the aim of making travel safer for all road users. The main change was the introduction of the “hierarchy of road users”, which places those most at risk in the event of a collision at the top. It would ensure quicker or heavier modes of travel have the greatest responsibility to reduce the danger or threat they may pose to others on the road. The changes sought to improve the safety of those most at risk on the roads, highlighting how everyone has an equal right to use the road. The Powys Road Safety Unit also helps drivers with any concerns they may have in relation to child car seats, with the experts offering free advice to ensure the seats are fitted correctly and safely. They also place a large emphasis on the “fatal four”, which are the most common causes of death in road traffic collisions. This includes: drink and drug driving, speeding, not wearing a seatbelt and using a mobile phone at the wheel.