Holders of British passports will soon have to go through fingerprinting and face checks to travel to the European Union in a move that could take "up to four times longer" than the current system. From November, British travellers will face tougher border checks as enforced controls, known as the "Entry-Exit System" (EES) are due to come into force just ahead of the peak Christmas season. The UK requested to be included in the new system as part of the Brexit deal after contributing to its development while a member of the EU. So far, UK tourists have only needed stamps at each entry and exit to the free-travel Schengen Zone to demonstrate that they have not overstayed their visa. With Brexit, checkpoints will be digitised for Britons from November, with processing time expected to increase by up to two minutes per person. The move means non-European citizens, including Britons, will have to get their fingerprints and a facial biometric analysed every time they enter and leave the bloc. European Commission’s department for Migration and Home Affairs said: "EES will replace the current system of manual stamping of passports, which is time-consuming, does not provide reliable data on border crossings and does not allow a systematic detection of overstayers."  In a statement about the digitisation of the application process, visa facilitation organisation VFS Global said: "We are fully aware that the EU plans to digitise the visa application process, and as an external service provider to virtually all EU and Schengen governments, VFS Global looks forward to work with these governments to support them on their transformation journey." Irish citizens and other residents of the European Union are not affected. Officials can only check that they have a valid travel document. The 27 Schengen countries include Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Additional checks delay waiting times by "up to four minutes", according to models drawn by the Slovenian government. READ MORE: Brexiteer accuses UK of 'selling out' to EU and Rishi 'taking knee' While Austrian authorities expect process time to double, the Polish Government estimates the time for border control will increase by 30-120 seconds. New border controls were supposed to start in 2022, but delays until May 2023 and then until November prevented that from happening. Doug Bannister, chief executive of the port of Dover, warned checkpoint times could increase seven-fold. Speaking to the Transport Select Committee, he said: "What we have heard is that it could be two minutes per person to register, plus two minutes for the car, so that’s 10 minutes for a car full of four people." DON'T MISS:Farage names Sturgeon as 'most unpleasant person' he has ever met [REPORT]Gary Lineker laments 'delights of Brexit' from ‘monster' airport queue [REPORT]Diane Abbott admits Corbyn is a Brexiteer and saw 'conspiracy' in EU [REPORT] British travellers will also have to pay an online "eurovisa" that will cost £6 and require pre-registration. The new system is "simple, fast and visitor-friendly" and will "save travellers time and hassle", the European Union claims. It will apply when entering 25 EU countries - all Member States except Cyprus and Ireland - and four non-EU nations (Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, and Lichtenstein) that are a part of the borderless Schengen area, according to the European Commission. READ NEXT:Sturgeon chose deepening divisions over healing the Scottish nationPOLL – Should UK relax immigration rules amid skills shortage?Establishment is still trying to kill Brexit and PM is letting themRishi Sunak accused of 'sitting on' Brexit deal for more than a weekWiddecombe tears apart Heseltine for 'completely wrong' Brexit claim