The Prime Minister has allowed the EU to "annex Northern Ireland" with his alleged deal signed with the bloc overnight, according to Ben Habib. According to The Times, the EU has accepted a Brexit plan that would avoid routine checks on goods going into Northern Ireland. The Times reported that the customs deal is largely based on the Government's proposals for a red and green lanes system - with the green lane for goods from Great Britain which are staying in the region and the red lane to check and control products going on to the Republic of Ireland and the rest of the EU. A separate agreement would be negotiated on exports of meat and live animals to Northern Ireland, with the UK agreeing to maintain EU veterinary standards on goods destined for the province. Addressing the reports, former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib told Express.co.uk: "This morning’s trailing in The Times of a possible deal with the EU over Northern Ireland was just a kite-flying exercise. The government was testing the resolve of unionists. Well, by 9 am they had their response – the “deal” was rejected in its entirety. "The government would rather give up sovereign territory than stand up against the EU for British citizens. "So politically weak is this Conservative and Unionist Party. "The suggested solutions did NOTHING to address the fundamental sovereignty of Northern Ireland. "Over 1.8 million British citizens are currently subject to foreign laws, made by a foreign power and adjudicated by a foreign court. Northern Ireland has been annexed by the EU. "It is telling that Sunak’s 5-point plan for 2023 did not include resolving the constitutional crisis created by Boris Johnson in Northern Ireland. Like his predecessor, Sunak cares not for the union of Great Britain and Northern Ireland." Citing government sources, The Times also reported that Brussels has made concessions of the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice (ECJ), a key sticking point in UK-EU talks. READ MORE: Leaked document shows Russia’s early plans for Ukraine invasion  For the first time, it recognised that the ECJ could rule on Northern Ireland issues only if a case was referred by courts there, the newspaper said.  The FCDO suggested the newspaper's report was speculative, saying officials were engaged in "intensive scoping talks" with Brussels and declining to pre-empt the discussions. They said: "Our priority is protecting the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement and preserving political stability in Northern Ireland and the UK internal market. "Any solution on the Protocol must address the range of issues on the ground in Northern Ireland. DON'T MISS:French protesters claim 'Macron wants our death' [VIDEO]Dramatic moment Russian soldiers are wiped out by ‘death ray’ weapon [PICTURES]Anti-Brexit campaigner removed from BBC studio for heckling Rees-Mogg [INSIGHT] "We are currently engaging in intensive scoping talks with the EU to find solutions to these problems." Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's spokesman on Monday also suggested no deal had been struck and that "intensive scoping" was under way. The Times reported that while the customs element was apparently "finalised", the role of the ECJ and details of the veterinary arrangements were not. Both sides are keen to reach an agreement to break the logjam over the contentious trading arrangements before April's landmark 25th anniversary of Northern Ireland's historic Good Friday peace agreement. Many unionists in Northern Ireland are vehemently opposed to arrangements they claim have weakened the region's place within the union. The devolved powersharing institutions at Stormont collapsed last year after the DUP withdrew co-operation as part of its protest against the protocol.