A woman reportedly sliced off her boyfriend's penis when he threatened to spread their sex tapes. The boyfriend, 28, made the threat against his partner, also 28, because she was refusing to sleep with him again, according to local reports. She is said to have attacked her partner while they were at a hotel in Sibolga, North Sumatra, in Indonesia on February 25. The woman has been pictured with cable ties around her wrists after being detained by police - she has not been charged, however. Police said the incident occurred when the man tried to make advances on the 28-year-old, but she was "not in the mood". Witnesses said they could not hear arguing - but did pick up on the howls of pain after the boyfriend's manhood was removed. He was rushed to the hospital with blood loss, and is currently in intensive care. Sibolga Police Chief Taryono Rajarja said: "Based on the suspect's statement, they had been in a relationship for around seven months. So, they made an appointment to meet at a hotel, then the man asked to have sex, after which the woman refused. "When he was denied sex, the man threatened to spread the videos of their intimate activities. Then, when he was ready to take a shower, the suspect carried out the attack. She took a knife belonging to the man and cut off his penis." Evi Wahyuni Siregar, a receptionist at the hotel, claimed to not hear any noise from the couple's room until the incident happened. READ MORE: Student Madison Brooks, 19, seen arguing in car with accused rapists [REVEAL] He said the woman approached him after the attack to request medical assistance for her partner. The hotel worker said: "The woman admitted that they had checked in together. She said they were from Padang Sidempuan city, about to leave for Nias Island." Police Chief Taryono Rajarja added: "Doctors have given details of the injuries suffered by the man. We are waiting for a time to interview him." DON'T MISS: Disgraced R&B star R Kelly given 20-year jail sentence [REVEAL]Sex worker arrested over brothel shooting is former 'Hustler' model [INSIGHT]Man wrongly jailed for 23 years for ‘child sex abuse’ paid £1.2m [ANALYSIS]