Manchester United could be forced to explore alternative striker targets after being told under no uncertain terms that Victor Osimhen is not for sale this summer. Napoli president Aurelio de Laurentiis has spoken out on the future of the prolific Nigerian international amid reports that United are preparing a mega-money swoop for his talismanic frontman and the signings are not encouraging for Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman is understood to be torn between signing Osimhen or Harry Kane at the end of the season, when he intends to add a new marquee No 9 to his ranks. But his hand could now end up being forced by the hard-nosed De Laurentiis, who wants to continue building for the future as Napoli close in on the Serie A title. When quizzed on Manchester United's interest in Osimhen, the Italian told Bild: “I can tell you that Osimhen is not for sale. “Our players are in demand but I don't have to sell anyone. We don't have any debts." READ MORE: Man Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood charges Osimhen's current deal is due to run until the summer of 2025, meaning Napoli hold all the cards should they receive any bids for this season's impending Capocannoniere winner. The former Lille attacker currently tops the goalscoring charts in Italy having struck 16 times in 17 outings for the Partenopei. Chelsea are also said to be tracking the Nigerian but ultimately, there is every chance he will remain at Napoli where he is playing the best football of his career. Speaking in December, Osimhen made it clear he found it hard to envisage leaving Napoli after setting his sights on silverware. DON'T MISSMan Utd facing 'worst possible outcome' as GMP drop Mason Greenwood chargesSheffield Utd star Billy Sharp attacks Wrexham and Reynolds over 'disrespectful' behaviourLeeds owner hints Jesse Marsch replacement announcement imminent after Corberan rejection "It’s one of the best clubs in Europe and I want to win here. The future is this moment, try to win something relevant in Italy," Osimhen told Il Mattino. "It’s hard to think about something better than Napoli, one of the best clubs in Italy, right now I am only focused on this season because we haven’t done anything yet. We must win something and then we’ll see what happens." Super agent Jorge Mendes is believed to have held exploratory talks over a potential swap deal for Osimhen in the summer that would have seen Cristiano Ronaldo head the other way to Napoli. Unsurprisingly, there was little interest from Napoli in the deal - which would have also seen them receive a big fee - meaning Osimhen stayed put. Links to United are nothing new, however, after the player's brother revealed Osimhen rejected the chance to move to Old Trafford under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer out of respect for international team-mate Odion Ighalo. "It is very true that Manchester United wanted Victor, but he told me something like he had too much respect for Odion Ighalo to be competing for shirts with his senior colleague," Andrew Osimhen previously said. "My brother holds Ighalo in high esteem and he just didn't see himself going to Old Trafford to battle for a striking role with the highest goalscorer at the 2019 AFCON in Egypt." England captain Kane is also of huge interest to United but he is expected to hold talks over a contract extension with Spurs at the end of the season. He is now in the final 18 months of his current deal (expires June 2024) after breaking Jimmy Greaves' all-time Tottenham goalscoring record on Sunday in the 1-0 win over Manchester City.