In his controversial memoir Spare, Prince Harry recounted how he first had sex in a field behind a busy pub with an older woman. Sasha Walpole, who has been interviewed by the Mail on Sunday, said she is that woman and is now telling the story in her own words. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield has since claimed Meghan must be "left feeling a little embarrassed" following the revelations. She told Fox News: "People are laughing at their expense. "And Meghan is older than the 'older woman' Harry describes. Meghan has likely never hit the yoga mat harder." The host of the To Di For Daily podcast added: "Harry would be horrified if someone published a book detailing losing their virginity to Meghan Markle – with a smack on the behind. "There are a few reasons you would come forward with something like this. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry got $10m cut from Montecito home in 'good deal'  "Sasha says it was to stop the search. And with people like Rupert Everett making claims... the search was about to heighten! Sasha called off the dogs. "Additionally, it pays well to be a tabloid feature in the UK This could be a start of an entirely new career for her. "Maybe she will appear on reality tv going forward or write her own book. A heartbroken blonde burned by an ex is swept off of her feet by a bad boy prince for the night? That's a Lifetime movie I would watch!" Walpole, 40, said she was only going public, having kept it a secret for two decades, because Harry wrote about the episode. In a video interview she said: "I've kept this a secret for 21 years. I would never have said anything if he hadn't have put it in his book." She added: "I'm here to tell my story in my words. I am the lady that Prince Harry wrote about in his book who he lost his virginity to." Describing Harry as a "good friend" at the time and someone who was "a laugh", she said they had shared an interest in horses and her first job as a groom had been at Highgrove. Ms Walpole, now a digger driver, said a lot of people at the time in their circle of friends would have been aware of what had happened. DON'T MISS Prince William wins over royal fans with 'protective' gesture to Kate [VIDEO]Meghan was treated differently as first black person 'royal C-suites' [ANALYSIS]Prince George handed ex-POTUS Barack Obama 'slap in face' [INSIGHT] She said: "I'm surprised Harry put it in his book. It was such a long time ago, we were teenagers. It just doesn't really seem a big deal to me because I've obviously known for so long. "Nobody from back then would be surprised that it was me and Harry. A lot of people knew about it." She added: "Our lives have gone in different directions since then. If I seen (sic) him in the street I would like to think that we could go for a drink. We were really good friends back then and I wish him all the best." In the book, Harry described the event of losing his virginity as an "inglorious episode". He recounted how one of the royal family's bodyguards, Marko, paid him a visit at the end of 2001 when he was still a pupil at Eton College in Windsor, aged 16 or 17, and told the prince he had been sent to "find out the truth".