Tumble dryers might seem pretty simple to navigate. However, there are some things you should never do if you have a tumble dryer like having it running in a poorly ventilated area for example. But while there are many things people know not to do there are still quite a few things people do with tumble dryers that they really should avoid, claimed the appliance  experts at Repair Aid. Some of these can even negatively impact your energy bills. Tumble dryers aren’t just used to dry clothes, people use them for all kinds of things. However, one thing you should “definitely avoid” doing is drying thick duvets, sheets, and blankets, claimed a spokesperson at Repair Aid. They said: “Because these are big, dense materials there isn’t enough room in the drum for the air to properly circulate. For these kinds of things, you are best sticking to the old-fashioned drying methods.” Many people make the mistake of just taking their clothes straight from the washing machine and then putting them in the dryer. READ MORE: 5 ‘bad laundry habits’ you need to ‘stop’ - will ‘damage’ your machine But the expert warned that this is a “big mistake” because if the clothes aren’t properly untangled the dryer will have to work a lot harder to get them dry. They added: “This will cost you time and energy which means higher energy bills and it also increases the risk of damage both to the dryer and the clothes themselves.” Instead, before putting clothing in the dryer take the time to untangle everything and place them in gently. According to the pros, the lint filter is an “essential part of any tumble” dryer but it should be monitored carefully. DON'T MISS‘Best’ tip to ‘effectively deter’ rats - they ‘really don't like it’ [EXPERT]‘Effective’ household staple to remove ‘stubborn’ moss from paving [TIPS]8 ‘effortless’ home improvements to do before selling to ‘boost value’ [INSIGHT] They said: “Ideally, you should clean it after every load, which is much easier than it sounds don’t worry. “By doing this you can ensure there is never a build-up of lint that you’ll need to take more time to properly clean. It will also help ensure your tumble dryer never starts smelling.” Getting the balance right when loading a tumble dryer is a struggle most face. The experts warned: “If you only put a few things in to dry then you aren’t being overly energy efficient. However, while this will impact your energy bills it won’t really harm the tumble dryer, although we still don’t recommend doing it as it can be very expensive. “However, overloading your tumble dryer is more dangerous as it can damage the drum. It also won’t be energy efficient either but at least underloading is unlikely to cause damage.” READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my kitchen grout While many are fine with putting all clothing items in their tumble dryer, even if it’s just on a shorter and cooler cycle, the experts urged households to avoid doing this. They said: “Clothes like bras, and sports shoes can easily get damaged, spandex clothing like swimming costumes can get distorted due to the heat and clothing with heavy embellishments can easily get damaged. So, with clothes like this it’s best to avoid the dryer altogether.” Similarly, households should avoid drying mixed materials if they are looking to achieve the “best results”. The appliance pros noted: “Tumble dryers work best when they are drying the same materials in a cycle. “Mixing cotton clothing with some thick nylon is going to have a very unbalanced load and at the end of the cycle certain things could still be wet while others will be hot to the touch. So, try to keep mixing materials to a minimum whenever you can.” The pros said: “Tumble dryers can get very hot so if you don’t let a cycle finish and therefore complete its cool down then things can come out very hot. Metal fixtures like buttons and zips can even cause burns.” If it really is an emergency you can sometimes get away with this but it is “strongly recommend” to let a cycle come to its natural stop. While it’s not essential to watch your tumble dryer for every minute of the drying cycle, households should check it occasionally to make sure everything is safe. The experts said: “What this tip really means is that you should never turn your dryer on and then leave your home. Yes, the fire risk is minimal but it’s always better to be safe.”