The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has been instructed to carry out an urgent investigation after the number of disabled people whose disability benefits were stopped when they failed to return a vital form shot up by more than 450 percent in four years. In 2017 just 7,500 claims for personal independence payment (PIP) were rejected because the claimant failed to return the AR1 award review form but by 2021 this had risen to 42,100 - a shocking increase of 461 percent.  Almost three (2.9) million Britons depend on personal independence payments (PIP) to help them make ends meet but thousands have had their benefits stopped over the last few years. Shocking figures reveal this has increased more than 400 percent in just four years, leading to calls for the DWP to investigate the matter urgently. The figures were requested by disabled Labour MP Marsha de Cordova who is worried that some PIP claimants may not be able to respond due to their condition. Vicky Foxcroft, Labour’s shadow minister for disabled people, told Disability News Service (DNS) these figures are “very concerning". READ MORE: State pensioners with arthritis could claim £5,000 a year However, a DWP spokesperson said there are safeguards in place to make sure vulnerable people don't have their benefits stopped unnecessarily. In a statement, the DWP said: “We support millions of people every year and our priority is they get the benefits to which they are entitled to as soon as possible, and to ensure they receive a supportive and compassionate service. “For anyone with a disability or long-term health condition, there is a strong financial safety net, including statutory sick pay, employment and support allowance and universal credit. “Only a small proportion of PIP claims are disallowed for non-return of the AR1 form and safeguards are in place to prevent vulnerable claimants’ claims falling out of payment.” DON'T MISS:British Gas customers paying £500m more for opting out of direct debit'Turned £10k into £52k' - Isa savers love this fund but it's riskyState pensioners could get £3,300 annual boost  Meanwhile, Universal Credit, PIP and Pension Credit rates are rising in April 2023 to keep up with inflation.  Around six million people on disability benefits can expect a further Government payout of £150 this year to help with the cost of living. This is on top of the £900 cost of living payments that will be paid to millions of people on means-tested benefits. Unfortunately, PIP claimants won't automatically qualify for the Warm Home Discount, which has this year risen from £140 to £150. However, PIP claimants could qualify for 10 additional freebies in 2023 worth thousands of pounds to help with the cost of living. PIP claimants could qualify for: 