A friend of Prince William believes the relationship between the Prince of Wales and Duke of Sussex is "utterly fu***d". As evidence, they mentioned the fact Prince Harry dug up for his 416-page memoir the story of the shameful Nazi costume he wore at a party when he was 20, claiming his brother and now sister-in-law played a part in him donning it. The heir to the throne, the friend went on to claim, was left "completely gobsmacked" by this move. While the friend did not suggest the story portrayed in Harry's Spare was untrue, they said Prince William was shocked his younger brother "has been nurturing this grievance for almost two decades". The friend told the Daily Beast: "Whatever Harry wore to a fancy dress party could never possibly be William’s fault." They added: "There is plenty for William to not like in the book. But he found it particularly astonishing that Harry wanted to reopen this issue, and rather than to accept responsibility for it, to try and blame William and Catherine for it, when it was clearly no one’s fault but his own." Prince Harry recalled in his best-selling memoir how he struggled to find a costume for a fancy dress party he would attend with William and his then-girlfriend Kate. Harry wrote he wanted to "make Kate laugh with my costume" and, after visiting a fancy dress shop, he narrowed his options down to two - a British pilot uniform and a Nazi uniform. Calling his brother and future sister-in-law for an opinion, Harry alleged he was told to pick the Nazi-inspired costume. Prior to the party, the royal went on in his biography, he tried on the costume at King Charles's Highgrove residence. READ MORE: Prince Andrew has 'no royal future' no matter what path he chooses Recalling the now Prince and Princess of Wales' reaction, Harry claimed: "They both howled. Worse than Willy’s leotard outfit! Way more ridiculous! Which, again, was the point." The costume, the Duke of Sussex wrote, was completed with a "proper Hitler mouser" which he created by cutting the ends of the fake moustache he got. Kensington Palace did not comment on this or any other claim included by the Duke of Sussex in his memoir. A picture of Harry donning the Nazi costume taken by a fellow guest at the party was published on the front page of a British newspaper and quickly picked up by media around the globe. The Duke said his elder brother was "sympathetic" but "there wasn’t much to say". DON'T MISS Harry apologised in a statement issued at the time, which read: "I am very sorry if I caused any offence or embarrassment to anyone. It was a poor choice of costume and I apologise." Appearing on the six-part Harry and Meghan docu-series released by Netflix in December, the Duke also touched upon this issue. While Harry did not mention the involvement of Kate and William in this programme, he described wearing the costume as "probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life" which left him feeling "so ashamed afterwards". He added: "All I wanted to do was make it right. I sat down spoke to the Chief Rabbi in London, which had a profound impact on me. "I went to Berlin and spoke to a Holocaust survivor. I could have just ignored it and gone on and made the same mistakes over and over again in my life. But I learned from that."