Tiger Woods has confirmed his return to the PGA Tour, with the 15-time Major champion set to tee it up at the Genesis Invitational next week. Woods has not featured competitively since his fairytale return to St Andrews for last year’s Open Championship. Whilst it was a monumental occasion for Woods - returning to the course in which he had won two Claret Jugs - he disappointingly missed the cut as he continued to struggle with ongoing fitness problems. The American featured just three times in 2022. As well as his outing at St Andrews, he also competed at the PGA Championship and made his initial return at the Masters last April. His outing at Augusta was his first in nearly a year-and-half, after his career was put in jeopardy in early 2021. Woods was involved in a high-speed car accident where he suffered life-changing injuries. The American continues to recover nearly two years on, and has since decided to make his career a part-time one. JUST IN: Inside the life of Phil Mickelson: Dinosaur skulls, flying planes and Rory McIlroy feud Speaking after his Masters return last April he admitted: “I won’t be playing a full schedule ever again. It will just be the big events.” He was set to end 2022 with an outing, after declaring to play in an event in which he hosts, the Hero World Challenge in December. However Woods was ruled out just days before the off, after developing plantar fasciitis in his right foot. Two months on, the 82-time PGA Tour champion will finally be back on the course, as he once again looks to balance his hosting duties with playing at next week’s Genesis Invitational. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson gets personal with Tiger Woods and co in latest PGA digGareth Bale admits issue with Pebble Beach and compares iconic course to BernabeuGareth Bale playing partner 'made him putt' after hitting insane chip shot from cart path The event is one that is close to Woods’ heart, not only because he is the tournament host, but the course on which it is played - Riviera Country Club - is where the golfing great made his PGA Tour debut back in 1992. Woods confirmed his PGA Tour return to his 6.6 million followers on Twitter, turning the golfing world into a friendly. The 15-time major champion tweeted: “I'm ready to play an ACTUAL PGA Tour event next week @thegenesisinv.”