Fernando Alonso took fire at Alpine minutes after lifting the covers off his new Aston Martin for 2023. The Spaniard praised the British manufacturer’s mentality to aim for victories in an apparent dig at former team Alpine. Alonso said Aston Martin was “different” to other teams as they were not just “comfortable” finishing fourth. The 41-year-old said: “This is very different compared to any other team that I joined in the last few occasions where maybe they had success in the past and they were just in a comfortable position. “They finished fourth and they were happy with fourth. They finished fifth and they were happy with fifth. If we were seventh, it was a celebration. Here there are no celebrations until we win and this is very appealing.” Alonso announced he would switch to Alpine to replace Sebastian Vettel on a multi-year deal last summer. READ MORE: Lance Stroll in awkward moment with Alonso after Schumacher admission It is understood that part of the reason behind Alonso’s move was Alpine’s uncertainty to offer him more than a one-year contract. However, the double world champion has also backed Aston Martin's project to reach the top. The team has stated it aims to win the F1 world title by 2025 with a state-of-the-art factory at Silverstone now complete. Alonso has also praised team boss Lawrence Stroll, stressing that the Canadian businessman will “succeed” in F1 sooner or later. He added: “I’m very demanding in everything that I do. I expect a lot from people that I work with, I give my 100 per cent and expect the same from the people that I work with. Since the first day in Aston Martin, I felt exactly the same values from the people around me.” DON'T MISSAlonso tips Stroll to challenge Hamilton and Verstappen for F1 title [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen could face surprise new title threat [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso agrees with Hamilton over Michael Schumacher weapon [COMMENT] Stroll senior talked up the team’s chances as the constructor lifted the covers off their new AMR23 on Monday. When pushed on whether the squad had all the ingredients in place to achieve the goal, Stroll hinted they were close to challenging at the top. He explained: “I think we have most of the right ingredients in place. The one ingredient we are missing is a bit of time. And there’s no replacement for time but from a managerial, executive level, from a personal level, yes I believe we have al;l the right people in place. “And this building again brings a whole new dimension and dynamic to driving towards that success. And we just need to be, which I don't have a great deal of, patience required to get to where we ultimately want to be, We will get there.”