The family of an 11-year-old schoolgirl are livid after she alleged that a teacher misgendered her while in class. Rae'An Duncan-Jones says she was referred to as "Ryan" and "he", leaving her “embarrassed” as students proceeded to mock her.  She added that she had to "continuously correct" the teacher, but “gave up". Rae'An also said she was shocked when another staff member questioned her stating they had been told by staff she identified as "he". Rae'An's family said they pulled their daughter out of Sir Bobby Moore Academy in London. They have also demanded a meeting with the head of year over what they felt was “bullying." Rae'An's mother, Rueanne, told The Mirror that she was told by the school that there had been a “misunderstanding” and that measures would be taken to ensure it wouldn’t happen again. Shanaé, 27, and Rae'An's older sister, said she was left "fuming" by the incident. She said: “I was fuming. But then I also felt hurt because anyone that knows me and my family, me and my sister, my sister is like my baby, we're so close. I definitely feel like it's bullying. “My main thing when she started going into Year 7 was, ‘I hope there's no bullies, I don't want my sister to deal with any bullies.’ She's such a kind-hearted person. And it's harder for her to speak up about it because it's a teacher." Rae'An's mother added: “Initially the teacher kept calling her Ryan and the first time she did that Rae'An put her hand up and told the teacher, ‘my name is Rae'An.’ “The teacher sort of let it go over her head, and every time it was a register call she was still calling her Ryan. “My children didn’t tell me straight away because I was in hospital a lot over the last year. They told me and I was like, ‘I'm not having that.’" Rueanne said her daughter came to visit her in hospital wearing red lipstick which was "unlike her". This left her worrying that the teacher's alleged behaviour had impacted her daughter. She continued: “She referred to Rae'An as “he”, as a boy and Rae'An said, ‘I told you I'm a girl. I'm not a boy.’ “She still continued to refer to her as Ryan and when she referred to Rae'An in the class she said, ‘the two boys at the front of the class and her school friends were like, 'she’s a girl.’ "Rae'An then said she got tired of it, she just didn't correct her anymore. She just stopped correcting. She corrected her in the first month but just continued to do it anyway.” Rae'An said that other students began mocking her, but stopped when "they realised how serious it was". The situation escalated when another teacher asked Rae'An about her preferred pronouns. Shanaé said: “Rae'An said that another teacher approached her and asked her if she identifies as he/him. “The teacher said, ‘another teacher said to me, that basically, that you now identify as he/him.’ “And they asked Rae'An, ‘I want to know if those are the correct pronouns.’ “My reaction straight away was, ‘what are you talking about?’ “I asked Rae'An, ‘have you ever mentioned anything?’, because I’m quite close with my sister so I don’t think she knows much about [gender identity].” The family raised concerns with the school and said that a meeting would be held between teachers and Rae'An. They added that they felt they were not listened to by the school during the meeting, and that the teacher in question denied everything and appeared to insinuate that Rae'An had "made it up." Shanae said: “I had to hold my temper because the way it played out to me was like my sister's making it up.” After this, the school sent Rae'An’s mother an email stating that it had all been a “miscommunication". The family claim that, two weeks after the meeting, the teacher continued calling her Ryan. They said they did not inform the school of this as they felt that it “wouldn’t make a difference” as the school did not “accept responsibility". Rae'An's aunt, Samia, added: “I was a bit sceptical as to whether the school were going to actually do what they said they were going to do with regards to the internal investigation. “As parents we are very protective of our children. So if there's teachers that are making them feel unsafe, what do we do from there? “If students in the group were bullying her. It would be a continuous process, the children, the bullying would have been removed from the school, because that's part of the protocol. “That's part of how they do it. Why is it not any different teachers? Because these are adults. “These are people that are supposed to know better, regardless of whether you're from here, whether you're from another country, whether you're from another planet, bullying is bullying at the end of the day.” A spokesperson for Bobby Moore Academy (Secondary) said: “Bobby Moore Academy is committed to being an inclusive and welcoming school where all students and staff respect one another. “Whenever complaints are raised by pupils or parents we will always conduct a thorough investigation. “We have reviewed the details associated with this issue and we had met with the parents of the pupil concerned back in January to discuss and resolve this matter. "At the time of responding, we are not aware of any outstanding concerns or complaints. We are, however, always happy to revisit any concerns. “We work hard to build positive relationships with our families as we want to ensure that everyone has a positive experience at our school.”