Nicola Bulley's daughter had a heartbreaking reaction to teams searching for her mum in a poignant moment caught on camera. The 45-year-old disappeared on Friday January 27 after dropping her children off at school in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. She was last seen walking her dog next to the River Wyre at 9.10am that morning, before going missing at an unknown point between then and 9.35am. Her phone was found on a bench, still connected to a conference call, and her dog detached from its lead. The operating theory from coppers as to how she went missing is that she fell into the icy river when trying to retrieve her dog's ball, but her family have cast doubt over this. A video shared with Sky News showed Ms Bulley's daughter Sophia, six, spotting the search and rescue helicopters looking for her mum. She can be heard saying: “Them helicopters, they're looking for mummy.”  A family friend recently revealed that the mortgage advisor's two daughters have been having sleepovers with friends to "take their minds off" the search. Another friend told Sky News: "If something was in the diary, it's been kept in the diary. They are aware that something is happening but we're trying to keep it away from the school. "They just desperately want her home and that is all they are asking all the time is 'where is she and is she coming home?'." As the search entered its tenth day, hundreds of volunteers joined the search for the mum-of-two on Sunday. The hunt has recently been particularly focused on the riverbank, with divers even being deployed to comb the water. READ MORE: Nicola Bulley's daughter asks 'where is mummy and is she coming home?' A private specialist diving group, Specialist Group International (SGI), revealed they are on the way to search the water. The company claims to have offered their services to the police earlier and were initially rejected - but Lancashire Police later announced they will be helping. The force said: "SGI have reached out to the family and offered to assist in the search for Nicola. Lancashire Police have already liaised with them. They will deploy under the direction of Lancashire Police and will join an already large, multi-agency search operation involving a wide variety of search assets and resources. "Their capability will overlay what has already been, and continues to be completed, in order to give extra search coverage along what is an extremely challenging environment to search." DON'T MISS: Nicola Bulley search boost as 'world's best' sonar being brought in [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley's friend share 11 facts you may not know about case [INSIGHT]Fitbit ready to help police in search for Nicola Bulley [ANALYSIS]  The team will be using a high-spec sonar "which can see every stick and stone lying on the riverbed". Nicola's 73-year-old dad Ernest spoke last week of the effect of her disappearance on the children, Harriet, 9, and Sophia, 6, and family. He told The Mirror: "When I look at the kids I have to go out of the room because I can’t hold it together. They are asking where mummy is and ‘when is mummy coming home’, it’s so hard, I just don’t know what’s happened." He added that the children still believed "mummy is coming home soon" but admitted if "this keeps going on and on I don’t know where we are going to go or what to say to them."