Aldi is always updating and changing its range to meet customer demands - its Specialbuys range is particularly made to meet shoppers’ needs. The range is often filled with affordable and handy products, hitting stores every Thursday. This Thursday, a popular product which has already sold out online will be landing in Aldi branches across the country. Shoppers have already expressed their excitement online after it was announced the product will be on shelves. Called the Pancake Pan Assortment, the item will be perfect for Pancake Day, or Shrove Tuesday, on February 21. Costing just £9.99, the small pan features seven sections, which can be used to make seven mini pancakes. READ MORE: Prince William’s astrology chart ‘speaks volumes’ about his future It comes in different designs too: animals, emoji faces, or plain. Aldi said on its website: "Create exciting animal pancakes with this great value Animal Pancake Pan. "With multiple sections, you can create up to seven animal pancakes at a time making it a perfect addition to any kitchen. "As well as being easy-to-clean you can flip away to your hearts content knowing that they also have a non-stick coating. Please note this pan is suitable for use on all hobs excluding induction." DON'T MISS:Skincare experts share ‘key’ to preventing ‘wrinkly and saggy’ skin [EXCLUSIVE]A review of Leonardslee House and Restaurant Interlude [COMMENT]Expert shares humane deterrents to keep squirrels out of your garden [GUIDE] The pancake pan has brilliant reviews both on Aldi's website and on social media. One reviewer, called Sarah, wrote: "Love this so much. I need the set. Please please please please please could you get these in again. I need the set so badly." Jeniffer commented: "I love this pan and I would recommend it to anyone." Sherla wrote: "This is the best crepe pan I’ve ever bought. I should buy two, unfortunately they are sold out! First non-stick, when I am using it, I feel like using an iron cast pancake pan but lighter. The result is amazing, the crepe resulted in either fluffy if you keep it for a few minutes or crispy if you let it longer. Easy to clean, less oil and smooth base." User @Blondie11 wrote: "Recently bought this pan, very happy with this item, good value for your money and ideal for crepes, scones and pancakes." Instagram user @danimoreton said: "I still have mine from last year! Lasting well." User @chloek_95 tagged a friend, writing: "We need to get this." User @finding_paigewarr tagged a friend too, adding: "How cute! If you see this please pick me one up." Other Specialbuys landing in store this Thursday, February 9, include art equipment, such as boxes of acrylic paint for just £3.99, pens for £4.99, and sketchbooks for £5.99. There will also be various Scottish gins, specially launched for Valentine's Day, with flavours including Plum and Pink Grapefruit, Seville Orange, and Tropical. There will be flowers too, for those who will want to treat their loved ones further. These include Camellias for £6.99 and a six pack of Primulas for £2.99.