A Royal Family member has landed a lead role in a London-based drama after starring in Death in Paradise and Peep Show, but it isn't the former Suits actress Meghan Markle. Royal fans may recognise Sophie Winkleman from her many appearances in shows such as Two and a Half Men, Peep Show, Sanditon, Death in Paradise, Poirot and This is Going to Hurt.   But they may not know that she has been a member of the Royal Family ever since she married in 2009. The successful actress has praised her welcome into the Royal Family many times and has recently landed an exciting new role in the second series of ITV's Belgravia. The Daily Mail's Richard Eden reported that Sophie would play a "pivotal" role in Julian Fellowes's new series, the man behind Downton Abbey. Mr Fellowes said of the casting: "I think we're very lucky. I have worked with Sophie before, on my version of the Titanic story, and I am a fan, but these choices are made by a group, led by our director, John Alexander." READ MORE: Kate Middleton shrugs off Prince William in ‘awkward’ moment  Other famous faces starring in the first series of Belgravia include Philip Glenister, Tamsin Greig and Alice Eve. Sophie Lara Winkleman was born in Primrose Hill, London on August 5, 1980, to Cindy Black and Barry Winkleman. While she is not the only actress to have married into the Royal Family, she is in a different position to the Duchess of Sussex, as she did not stop her career after her wedding. Lady Frederick Windsor, as she is officially known, joined the late Queen on Buckingham Palace's balcony a number of times before and is regularly pictured at royal events.   Sophie Winkleman made a name for herself in her roles as Big Suze in Peep Show, Zoey in Two and a Half Men and as the elder version of Susan Pevensie in The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe. The successful actress studied at Cambridge University and later met Prince and Princess Michael of Kent's son, Lord Frederick Windsor. The pair married on September 12, 2009, at Hampton Court Palace in front of all the senior royals. While she officially became styled as Lady Frederick Windsor, she continues to use her maiden name in her acting career. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home  She has praised her experience of marrying into the Royal Family before. In an interview with The Times from 2020, she said: “I’ve been incredibly welcomed with open arms by all of them. I haven’t had a single negative experience. "The Queen’s been wonderful, [King] Charles has been wonderful, Prince William’s been heaven. They’d never tell me off at all if I wanted to play some racy role. "Everyone’s looked after me. Oh God, please don’t make me sound too gushing."  After their wedding, Sophie and Frederick moved to the US so that Sophie could further pursue her acting career. While living in California, their first daughter, Maud Elizabeth Daphne Marina Windsor, was born in 2013. As the 53rd in line to the throne, Maud is named after several of her royal ancestors. Her first name is after Queen Maud of Norway who was the daughter of King Edward VII and Elizabeth is in honour of the late Queen. The couple later moved back to the UK and welcomed their second daughter, Isabella Alexandra May Windsor, at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital on January 16, 2016. 