A woman suspected to have been part of a plot to blow up Baltimore said she wanted to do "something worthwhile" with her life after receiving a terminal diagnosis. Sarah Clendaniel was arrested alongside self-proclaimed Nazi Brandon Clint Russell on federal charges for scheming to destroy a series of electrical substations in Maryland. A DOJ affidavit said a confidential source named only as CHS-1 had warned the FBI a social media user going by the nickname Homunculus had been encouraging him to "carry out attacks against critical infrastructure" to further his "racially or ethnically motivated violent extremism". The user Homunculus was later linked to Russell and conversation records were found between him and another social media user using the nickname Nythra88, later identified as Clendaniel. In one of the chats Nythra88 shared with the FBI informant in January 2023, the woman revealed she had been diagnosed with terminal kidney disease and wanted to "accomplish something worthwhile" before her death. She told the confidential source she wanted to secure a rifle "within the next couple of weeks” to “accomplish as much as possible before June, at the latest", the DOJ affidavit read. The affidavit further read: "On or about January 29, 2023, Nythra told CHS-1 during a recorded voice conversation on ECA #1 that the five substations she planned to target included 'Norrisville, Reisterstown, and Perry Hall.' JUST IN: Kamala Harris has not 'risen to the challenge' as VP 'loses hope' from party ahead of 2024 "Nythra described how there was a 'ring' around Baltimore and if they hit a number of them all in the same day, they 'would completely destroy this whole city.' "Nythra added that they needed to 'destroy those cores, not just leak the oil…' and that a 'good four or five shots through the center of them . . . should make that happen.'” Clendaniel was arrested in 2006 for numerous offences, including armed robbery, and was sentenced to five years. US Attorney Erek Barron praised investigators for disrupting hate-fueled violence. He told a press conference following the arrest: “When we are united, hate cannot win." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry are 'all yours America', says presenter Two men were arrested last month in Washington State on charges of vandalism after a series of substations attacks that left thousands without power around Christmastime. One suspect told authorities they hoped the power outage would allow them to break into a business and steal money. A gunfire attack in December on substations in central North Carolina also caused power outages affecting tens of thousands of customers. Law enforcement officials have said the shooting was targeted, though no arrests have been made. Lawmakers there have proposed legislation to toughen penalties for intentionally damaging utility equipment. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews