It’s been over 50 years since Queen’s final line-up was formed and they embarked on their incredible career together. During the early days back in the 1970s, Freddie Mercury, Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon struggled with their fans’ behaviour at their concerts. Yet after a while, the guitarist realised they should be encouraging it. Sir Brian May confessed in a new interview that Queen would get “irritated” by their fans singing along to their songs. Although this is very normal today, back then it was strange to witness at concerts. The 75-year-old said: “Because we thought: ‘People, just listen. We’re working really hard, so bloody well listen!’ But they were unstoppable.” One of the reasons the band found it so annoying was because of his experience at a Led Zeppelin concert around the time. Brian told Total Guitar magazine: “This particular night, they sang every word to every song, which was rather novel in those days. I mean, I went to a [Led] Zeppelin concert and I don’t remember people singing along to Communication Breakdown or whatever they were playing. When Zeppelin played, they listened. They banged their heads, and they listened. And I thought about our concerts, ‘Why don’t you buggers listen instead of singing?’” Yet after a while, the guitarist realised that they should be encouraging their fans to sing along after all, explaining how he convinced Freddie that it helped with the energy. His epiphany took place after performing We Will Rock You in the Midlands during the late 1970s. READ MORE: Freddie Mercury's rare Live Aid rehearsal footage shared by Queen Brian added: “Anyway, that night at Bingley Hall, we came off stage and we all looked at each other in amazement, because all that singing from the audience was so extreme. And I said to Freddie, ‘Maybe, instead of fighting this, we should be encouraging it. Maybe we should be harnessing this kind of energy which seems to be happening.’ And we all agreed that this was something really interesting that we should experiment [with].”