Although he still hasn't told Whitney (played by Shona McGarty) about his diagnosis, Zack (James Farrar) has tried to prove he will be around for the baby after telling her in his vulnerable and shocked state that he wanted nothing to do with his unborn child. In recent EastEnders episodes, the pair seem to have found a way to be there for each other, especially since Whitney found out about there could be some risks associated with her pregnancy. Upcoming scenes of the BBC drama are set to be even more heartbreaking for the two - but will they reunite in grief?  The soap recently confirmed that Whitney's unborn child would be diagnosed with Edwards’ Syndrome, a rare but serious condition that affects three in every 10,000 births. Sadly, most babies born with Edwards’ Syndrome will die before or shortly after being born. At the moment, Whitney has only been warned there may be risk factors, but in scenes yet to air, she will receive the devastating update. Viewers will watch the tragic story unfold as Zack and Whitney stick together during hospital visits. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue Zack tries to remain hopeful as the two head to the hospital to find out the results of their CVS test. However, their world collapses when their baby is officially diagnosed with Edward’s Syndrome. A heartbroken Zack struggles to deal with his baby’s prognosis and can’t face joining Whitney at the hospital. After some words of encouragement from Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Zack heads back to support Whitney. A devastated Whitney pushes her loved ones away, not wanting to speak to anyone. After a heart-to-heart with Eve Unwin (Heather Peace), Zack knows he needs to be there for the mother of his unborn child. Back at No.1, he comforts Whitney and reassures her that she is not to blame for their baby’s diagnosis. Whitney is bound to be shattered by the news, having once lost a baby before. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise fans 'work out' Neville Parker's exit [THEORY]Unforgotten newcomer explains why she initially turned down role [LATEST]The Office star details 'agonising' search for missing sister-in-law [VIDEO] As the two set their differences aside to support each other through the horrible news, it seems their bond could be tightened. With Zack determined to be there for Whitney, perhaps the two will start spending more time together. It's also possible Zack will finally open up to her about his HIV. He felt too heartbroken to talk about it before but is slowly coming to terms with the diagnosis. Could the couple officially decide to give their relationship a go? The pair seem as though they will unite in grief, and if they both open up about what they are going through, they may find comfort in being together. Maybe the tragedy could result in the two becoming an item as they face a difficult future. Either way, it appears Zack will be by Whtiney's side throughout the upcoming ordeal. EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.