Former Strictly Come Dancing professionals James Jordan and Ola Jordan, share one daughter together, Ella, who was born in 2020. The Dancing On Ice winner has addressed a recent incident when his two-year-old daughter was hit by another young child. The dad-of-one admitted he will be raising his daughter to never hit anyone and if she does he would discipline his child but at the same time he would urge Ella to "stand up to bullies". James, 44, admitted he is prepared for the backlash after he warned his daughter to hit someone back only if they were to strike her first. The outspoken star opened up in his latest column about taking the appropriate steps, as a parent, to ensure that his child defends herself when it is necessary. It comes after he revealed Ella had got hurt while enjoying soft play with other children. READ MORE: Jane Moore on Vanessa Feltz's 'greatest revenge' after her own split She had been playing with soft blocks when another boy - who appeared to be a couple of years older than Ella - took the toy from her. James recalled his daughter was about to cry but instead urged her to get the toy back. As she did this, the child in question is said to have "smacked her straight in the face" as the parents jumped in to break it up. Writing in HELLO! James said: "You know what, I don't really care what the backlash is to my view, because that's what I'm going to do and no one can tell me how to bring up my child.  "I'm sure there will be all those woke people saying I can't do that, but I can." His wife Ola added: "If you're bullied, you need to protect yourself." James went on: "If someone says to me, 'We teach our child that hitting is wrong and if someone hits you, you go and find an adult, and that's how we deal with it', I'd say 'Well that's great for you.' "I'm not saying that's wrong either, but if someone hits my child, she can hit them straight back!" DON'T MISS... ITV accused of lecturing public despite Maya Jama's 10 minute debut[LATEST]Lesley Joseph talks Birds of a Feather 'return' after she bid farewell[EXCLUSIVE]Simon Cowell, 63, shows off incredible weight loss in baggy jeans[PICTURES] He added that if a stranger was to hit someone in the street, people should have the right to "defend" themselves. James shared: "People will say they're just kids, but they've got to understand now that it's wrong. Why was that boy hitting her in the first place?" Meanwhile, the former Strictly star recently came under fire for posting a "before" photo of wife Ola just days after she gave birth to flog their new weight loss plan. In the now-deleted post, James captioned the photos: "Wow! What a change. Ola is half the woman she was and Ella is nearly as big as her." However, his comments appeared to miss the mark, with many fans suggesting the dancer was putting pressure on mums to lose weight after giving birth. Ola posted the same pictures on her Instagram with the caption: "Can't believe how much she's grown." Her followers were more supportive, praising the mum-of-one for "looking beautiful in both pictures." The Strictly stars have shed more than seven stone between them after putting on weight after Ella was born.