US soldiers strategically placed near Russia and China would be forgiven for feeling nervous with tension at an all-time high. Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine is being pushed back with the assistance of military aid from Washington, while China is expected to launch its own assault on island neighbour Taiwan within two years. But where are US troops stationed as the first line of defence - or attack - should a conflict breakout?  With China refusing to rule out an invasion of Taiwan, the island neighbour considered a rogue province, a US-Sino conflict looks plausible to some, and likely to others. Earlier this month, four-star US General Mike Minihan said in a leaked memo that he believed the US and China would be at war by 2025. "I hope I am wrong. My gut tells me we will fight in 2025,” Minihan wrote. "Xi Jinping’s team, reason and opportunity are all aligned for 2025." If war were to break out, the bulk of US land-based overseas forces in the Indo-Pacific - more than 80,000 - are stationed in South Korea and Japan. After World War Two, the US occupied these countries and never completely left. The result is over 200 bases which would become part of the front line. However, US force projection continues to the south. Recent news that the Philippines would allow US forces to open four military bases further tightens the noose around the Pacific, allowing the US to operate more easily in the South China Sea which China claims as its own. There is a small contingent of troops down under in Australia - less than 2,000 - however, this number is sure to grow in the event of war. American forces could form a virtual blockade of China's access to blue water in the event of a war. Add in US Carrier Strike Groups - gargantuan flotillas usually made up of an aircraft carrier, at least one cruiser, at least two destroyers or frigates and a carrier wing of 75 aircraft - and US fire power in the Indo-Pacific is unmatched. To fight back, some analysts have pointed to China's hypersonic missile program which it would surely use against encroaching US ships in the event of an all out war. These missiles have the potential to damage or even sink warships, potentially rendering them ineffective as they try to move close enough to the Chinese coast to allow aircraft to run sorties over China. Supplying and defending Taiwan would also be a huge undertaking for the US as the island just 100 miles off the Chinese coast is well within striking range Beijing's aircraft and missiles. JUST IN: History at a 'turning point' as Putin's message 'loses power'  US bases in South Korea and Japan, as well as US domestic bases in Alaska, serve a dual purpose. Not only would they prove crucial in the event of a Sino-American war, they could be used to cut off Russian access to the Pacific at its port of Vladivostok on the Sea of Japan. Vladivostok, however, freezes over for about four months of the year. In fact, Russia's only true warm water port - one which never freezes - is at Sevastapol in Crimea. This is likely one of the reasons Putin illegally annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 - to give the Russian navy better access to the Mediterranean and the Atlantic beyond. However, spoiling Putin's plan for blue water access in the event of a war is NATO. Turkey controls the Bosporus Strait - the gateway to the Mediterranean. Although President Tayyip Erdogan has remained closer than many NATO allies to Russia, Turkey is still a NATO country. In addition, it is home to just under 1,800 US troops who use airbases there to keep an eye on the Middle East and, most likely, Russia across the Black Sea. The bulk of US forces in Europe are in Germany. Around 35,000 US troops are stationed at approximately 40 military installations. Like Japan after World War Two, the US never really left. In addition, NATO Response Force units including US troops have deployed to Romania, Poland and other eastern European countries. These would be NATO's first line of defence if Putin's tanks started rolling over the NATO border. Large contingents of troops are also stationed in the UK and Italy, around 9,700 and 12,500 respectively. These numbers may have increased as Washington, following Putin's invasion of Ukraine, has sent at least 20,000 more troops to Europe to reinforce the frontlines of NATO. READ MORE: US says Europe needs to 'step up' security after Ukraine  The US is a Pacific and an Arctic nation, meaning it has its own bases on the frontlines of any potential conflict with Russia or China. Just miles from Russia at its closest point, the US arctic state of Alaska is of particular significance in any conflict with Russia, one expert told Express.co.uk. "Alaska is a very important site in a possible conflict with Russia. It is home to Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson (JBER) and Fort Wainwright. JBER's mission is to defend US interest in the Asia-Pacific," Kervin Aucoin, owner of the private intelligence company Aucoin analytics told Express.co.uk. "It is home to the 11th Airborne Division which would be deployed on the Eastern flank of Russia in a possible conflict." The base holds more than 6,000 troops from every branch of the Canadian and US militaries. The US has around 25,000 troops in Alaska total. The host of the This Week Explained podcast added: "Alaska is also where the US military does most of its extreme cold weather training which would be key in a prolonged battle during the winter months. Much of the US military forces preparing to deploy to the arctic regions of Russia would flow through this training site." When is comes to the Pacific, US domestic bases place an important role. US Pacific Command headquarters is located in Hawaii, which would likely serve as a strategic launching point, as it was in World War Two, for a Pacific theatre of war. The Aloha State is the headquarters of the US Pacific Command with more than 40,000 active duty military members stationed there. The US territory of Guam would likely play a similar role, even closer to China, and is home to more than 20,000 members of the US military. 