Briony May Williams opened up about the fateful moment she decided to start baking in order to keep herself busy. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, The Great British Bake Off star revealed what motivated her to give baking a go a decade ago, long before her turn in the hit show. Briony began baking in 2013 after being diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), which forced her to stay off work for a while. She recounted: “I only started like five years before I was on Bake Off. I’d baked when I was younger but actually properly baking I started in 2013. “I was off work - I wasn’t very well - and they kept misdiagnosing me. It wasn’t anything serious, it was polycystic ovarian syndrome. “But, you know, it was making me feel very unwell. So, one of my colleagues at the school I was working at said, ‘Why don’t you try baking to keep your mind occupied?’ “I find it very therapeutic. I think it's very methodical, following recipes and then you get a nice, yummy baked good at the end of it. “Having something that you produce after all your effort… “I don’t know it’s something that helped keep me very calm," Briony added. On how her baking skills evolved, TV star elaborated: “That got me into it and then it just went from there, really. “And then I started making people’s birthday cakes and started getting into novelty cakes, and I just really loved it.” But Briony humorously admitted that the first goods she ever baked were “terrible” as she created some “awful” cakes. She added: “[I made] really bad biscuits, but just kept practising and kept trying and eventually got better.” But her baking became so good Briony made it all the way to the semi-final of The Great British Bake Off back in 2018. DON'T MISS...Liam Neeson brands ex Helen Mirren 'really something else' [HOLLYWOOD]Lily Rose Depp baffles fans with homage to dad Johnny's ex Kate Moss [PICS]Jane Fonda issues warning after sharing 'big regret' in personal life [COMMENT] Speaking to Express.co.uk a year after her Bake Off journey, Briony said she would still feel comfortable contacting the show for help if she needed it. She added: “I still know now that if I need anything, I can go to them. “It’s not an issue, I would definitely say they’ve got it right.” Speaking of her time during the show, she continued: “They really do look after you and your wellbeing and make sure you are doing okay and not feeling the pressure too much.” Briony admitted her time on the show was a “stressful” process, but insisted the cast were a “happy family”. The semi-finalist added she “wasn’t surprised” she didn’t make it to the final, won by Rahul Mandal, admitting she wasn’t prepared enough. Briony added: “The only regret I have is I wished I practised more for the semi-final to get that last push for the final. “I had nothing left to give at that point,” she added.