Kamala Harris was put on the spot about Joe Biden’s age ahead of the 2024 election. The Vice President was asked about the 80-year-old leader’s reported 2024 re-election. While appearing on Good Morning America, Harris was grilled over whether Biden is too old to run for President again. Host George Stephanopoulos asked: "President Biden just turned 80. He looks like he's gearing up for re-election but a majority of Democrats according to our new poll say they don't want Biden to run again. What do you say to that?" “I think that age is more than a chronological fact, to be frank with you”, Harris said. “It’s about whether we have in our leader, which we do in Joe Biden, somebody who is bold. “Think about it, what he has achieved in this presidency only two years is historic in terms of the investment in infrastructure. “I think what people want to know is ‘what have you done’, and when you look at what President Biden has achieved, what our administration has achieved, not to mention foreign policy, I think you will see that we have a very bold and vibrant President in Joe Biden.” Responding to the clip on Twitter, Americans were mixed on the Vice President’s remarks and on the administration’s record. User @MillsConnection said: “Good interview and I voted for President Biden, but it's time for someone much younger. “Still would never vote for a republican they are a disgrace.” Eugene Gu, MD, added separately: “I’ve always been concerned with President Biden’s age. “Furthermore, accusations of senility from people on the right, while false, still ring true for many millions of Americans. “Last night’s State of the Union address convinced me Biden is mentally agile enough to be President.” READ MORE: Joe Biden couldn't have 'dreamed' for better State of Union address It comes after a poll says most Democrats do not want the 80-year-old President to seek a second term. The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research said just 37 percent of Democrats back Biden to run again next year. When asked about the survey’s findings at Monday’s news briefing, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre indicated that the results in last year’s election mattered more than polling numbers. “The way that we should look at this is what we saw from the midterms,” she said. The press officer also noted the relative Democratic successes were “because the president went out there and spoke directly to the American people”. It also follows reports from the New York Times that Democrats feel Harris has not “risen to the challenge”. It said that “the painful reality for Ms Harris is that in private conversations over the last few months, dozens of Democrats … said she had not risen to the challenge of proving herself as a future leader of the party, much less the country”. Democratic fundraiser John Morgan argued in the outlet Harris’ weakness in the role will be "one of the most hard-hitting arguments against Biden”. “I can’t think of one thing she’s done except stay out of the way and stand beside him at certain ceremonies”, he added. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews