Nick Kyrgios has opened up on his history of drinking problems as he revealed he would drink “five or six times a week” while competing, and even won a title during that period. The world No 19 also addressed his label of being the “bad boy of tennis” during an appearance on Logan Paul’s Impaulsive podcast, rubbishing the stereotype about himself.  Kyrgios has previously addressed the darker periods of his life, discussing mental health struggles and problems with drinking in previous press conferences and during Netflix’s tennis documentary series Break Point. And the Australian pro once again touched on the subject in the latest episode of Impaulsive, a podcast that boasts the likes of Mike Tyson and Shaquille O'Neal as previous guests. “It was pretty much every day,” he told Paul, Mike Majlak and George Janko. “About three, four years ago I reckon I was drinking five, six times a week and still competing at the highest level which was really unhealthy. It was like, I would wake up and I would just be like, I gotta play Nadal in a couple of hours or like Tsitsipas or these top guys. It’s just not sustainable.” The 27-year-old also revealed that one of his seven career singles titles came when he was at his “worst”, with his comments indicating that it likely came at the 2019 Acapulco Open. He continued: “I won a tournament doing it. And it’s funny because the media was like ‘has Kyrgios turned a corner?’ and it was the worst I’ve ever been.” JUST IN: Alcaraz lifts lid on 'most difficult' period of career after US Open But Kyrgios’ life was now a far cry from the darker times, as he added: “But now it’s just, I’ll have drinks if it’s just a few. My brother got married a few days ago so obviously I had some drinks there but now it’s more under control. I feel like I was just ready to move into the next phase of my life, like I’m turning 28 so.” The Wimbledon finalist was also asked about his reputation as the “bad boy of tennis” as Paul asked whether he liked the moniker or found it accurate, and Kyrgios was quick to air his grievances with the stereotype. “I’m definitely not,” he responded. DON'T MISSCoco Gauff joins Emma Raducanu in signing up to Stuttgart OpenJohn McEnroe put down by tennis icon after calling out female playerDjokovic sends Nadal French Open message and compares Alcaraz rivalry “Anyone that knows me, I’m actually just like. I don’t know, they just branded me ever since I came on tour. Honestly, I don’t do anything crazy at all.” Paul also quizzed Kyrgios over his reputation for breaking rackets on the court during frustrating moments, and while the Aussie said he didn’t “condone” the act, he explained why he would be happy to see his own son do the same one day. “Couple thousand rackets I think,” he said when asked how many he thought he had smashed during his career. “I don’t want to condone it, it’s not good, but I put it this way. If I was watching a young guy play - say my son for instance one day - and he’s losing, I would rather see him be frustrated and break a racket than just take it and cop it on the chin. I’d rather see that he doesn’t like losing. Smashing a racket in general, I don’t think it’s that bad to be honest.” 