Ronnie Wood's ex-wife Jo can't have found it easy when she caught him cheating with a 20-year-old cocktail waitress a third of his age - and the affair led to the pair's divorce. However, she has managed to remain friendly with Ronnie to this day - and admitted the secret to their success is that she's been squeaky clean. Revealing that she can call Ronnie in a crisis, and that the same friendship applies with his Rolling Stones bandmate Keith Richard, and his wife Patti, she exclaimed: "I’m fine with them all. I didn’t do anything wrong!" "I know that I can pick up the phone and ring [them] if there's trouble," she added in an interview with the Daily Mail. Another key to the pair's close relationship is that they're united by the two children they share. Jo is mum to 44-year-old Leah, an artist, and 39-year-old Tyrone, a gallery owner, while she also has a son from a previous teenage romance, Jamie. However, she has also fully embraced having a blended family, and even became a willing step-mum to Ronnie's musician son Jesse, 46. She was the only surviving mother figure in his life for the last four years of her marriage to Ronnie, after his biological mum Krissy Findlay died of an accidental drug overdose. Ronnie then began a very unexpected relationship with Ukrainian waitress Ekaterina Ivanova. Just out of her teens, she recalled the way they first met in London bar Churchill's, and how she'd scattered cigarette ash all over his trousers after taking the seat next to him. "He said, 'You've ashed on my trousers'. I looked him up and down and said, 'I don't give a f**k'. He just went, 'I love you,'" she told The Sun of their bizarre first conversation. "Basically I was rude, he was kind of sleazy and we kind of bounced off each other." The relationship, which prompted Jo to walk out and divorce Ronnie, ultimately lasted for around 18 months. Ekaterina had even discussed having a baby with him and calling it "Holly Wood" in a nod to the entertainment industry. However, things had soured by the time she left, with her declaring him an "evil goblin king". She rose to fame after the romance, and even appeared on Big Brother. In November 2009, the 23-year marriage between Jo and Ronnie came to an end after they started the ball rolling for a "quickie" divorce in London's High Court. Jo, who had previously dazzled on Strictly Come Dancing, received millions as a result of their settlement. The former model has demonstrated there are now no hard feelings between them, as they still share a friendship. Meanwhile, she is keeping busy at the age of 67, with regular public appearances. Her most recent one involved a catwalk show at London Fashion Week on Wednesday. She is also kept busy by no less than ten boisterous grandchildren.