When doing any kind of home improvement job, it is important to consider if it will actually add any value to your home. According to SGS Engineering, who recently surveyed 2,000 UK adults to find out how much they would spend on a home with particular renovation work completed, Britons should avoid a brand new kitchen, a swimming pool and a cinema room. Instead, things such as a landscaped garden will definitely add kerb appeal and value to a home. According to the survey, on average, house hunters would pay £3,000 above the asking price for a home with underfloor heating in their bathrooms and kitchen. Dave Gordon, general manager at SGS Engineering, said: “Electric underfloor heating is the most cost-effective option if you’re looking to prepare your property for sale. “Electric underfloor heating can be much cheaper to install compared to traditional wet underfloor heating, as it’s less complicated and time consuming to set up. “It can cost as little as £800 for 10m². Our research has found that electric underfloor heating is currently trending in popularity, as 14,800 people are searching Google for it every month. READ MORE: Queen Camilla tests positive for Covid - inside her £3.9million home “Not only this but searches for underfloor heating are up 421 percent compared to last year.” However, with the rising cost of living, electric flooring can be extremely expensive to run, depending on the type you get and your tariff. According to the experts, underfloor heating could add as much as £2,700 to the value of your home. The importance of kerb appeal and a well-kept garden shouldn’t be “underestimated”, according to the expert and on average, prospective buyers would pay £3,000 more on top of their offer for a property with a landscaped garden. DON'T MISS:Four steps to get a peace lily to flower again - ‘correct’ care needed [EXPERT]DIY expert shares home improvements to ‘avoid at all costs’ [COMMENT]Escape the capital for a luxe stay at The Landmark London [PICTURES] The expert explained: “Of course, the cost of landscaping varies hugely depending on the size of your garden, what type of project you want to undertake, and the materials and labour involved. “For example, levelling a sloped garden, or adding terracing to your garden, could set you back around £1,500. “If you are willing to get stuck in yourself with gardening and DIY, to create fun features like raised plant or vegetable beds, or a gravel or shingle path, this can be a cost-effective way to increase your home’s appeal and value.” According to SGS Engineering, a landscaped garden could add up to £1,500 to a property’s value, depending on size. READ MORE: ‘Best’ method to clean yellow pillows and banish odours - 40p tip Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea With working from home remaining a popular option for many Britons, a dedicated home office is high on homebuyers priority lists. On average, buyers will pay around £3,500 more for a dedicated home office. Dave explained: “Depending on the type of home office you want to add to your home, this can be a great way to add value to your home. “If your property does not currently have space for a dedicated home office, one option is to build one in your garden. “While a self-assembly garden room can start from as little as £2,400, a purpose-built garden office with electricity and heating could set you back as much as £10,000. “So if you’re tight on space, this may not be the best investment to make. But if you have an extra room already that could be used as an office, adding fitted office furniture could be a cost-effective way to increase your home’s appeal.” Fitted storage and desk units can start from around £1,500 but will add lots of appeal for buyers. Building a garage, if you have the space, can be another cost-effective home improvement to invest in, depending on the materials used and the size of the garage. The expert said opting for a single, attached metal garage is the most affordable route, setting Britons back around £1,800 on average. Dave added: “Our survey found that on average, house hunters will pay £4,000 more for a home with a garage so you would more than break even. “However, if you’re wanting to build a detached, double prefab garage with concrete, this could set you back as much as £11,800, leaving you in the red.”