Arsenal fans were aggrieved after Saturday's 1-1 draw against Brentford due to a hint of offside about Ivan Toney's equaliser. And emerging news reveals they were right to feel robbed of three points, as VAR referee Lee Mason 'forgot to draw the offside lines' when checking the goal. Cracks continued to show in Mikel Arteta's side as they went three games without a win at the Emirates Stadium. Leandro Trossard came off the bench to net his first Arsenal goal to relieve the pressure after numerous close calls from Brentford's attack. But Thomas Frank's high-flying visitors found a 74th-minute equaliser through Toney, and the hosts failed to respond. VAR awarded the goal after a lengthy check, much to the fury of fans in the stadium and on social media. And, according to the Mail, video assistant official Mason got the decision wrong after forgetting to draw offside lines on the replay. Christian Norgaard could be seen in an offside position when he assisted Toney with a cross. JUST IN: Reece James sends message to Chelsea fan knocked out by brutal punch  He would've been adjudged to be offside if Mason drew the VAR lines in a mistake that could have serious implications in the Premier League title race. Mason's main focus during the VAR check was to see whether Ethan Pinnock fouled Gabriel Magalhaes in the build-up, ignoring the more important incident. And Mail referee expert and PGMOL representative Chris Foy, with Mason at Stockley Park on Saturday, confirmed that human error allowed an illegal goal to stand. He said: "Ivan Toney puts the ball in the net, and VAR Lee Mason obviously runs through the checks. "VAR was looking to see if there was an offside and whether Ethan Pinnock had blocked off Gabriel in the build-up. DON'T MISS West Ham troll Chelsea after Tomas Soucek 'goalkeeper save' Leeds 'weigh up Steven Gerrard appointment' that would see icon returnArsenal may have reason to fear Man City in title race ahead of clash "He looked at the possible foul and decided there hadn't been one, and therefore referee Peter Bankes hadn't made a clear and obvious error. "However, in the build-up to the goal, Christian Norgaard — whose cross it is that Toney heads in — is in an offside position. "However, the truth is that VAR didn't fully investigate with the lines. The lines, simply, didn't go down. And that counts as human error. Had the lines gone down, the goal would have been disallowed for offside." Manchester City will move just three points behind Arsenal if they defeat Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. And they will go level, having played one more game, by following that up with a victory against the Gunners on Wednesday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here