A father of 22 has shared his tips on feeding families on a tight budget with a dish that costs as low as 60p per person. Noel Radford, who is believed to have the largest family in the country with his wife Sue, has been offering advice on how to save money during the cost-of-living crisis, providing key tricks and tools to his followers on TikTok. In one of his latest tutorial videos, Noel, from Morecambe in Lancashire, described his tried-and-true recipe that pleases everyone's stomachs and wallets.  The busy parent frequently posts updates about his family on TikTok. In one of his most recent videos, he gives a recipe for a potato bake that, according to him, costs between 50 and 60 pence per serving. He said: "Right just chuck the potatoes in the water, so basically chop the potatoes, cut up the broccoli, and boil them together. Next, cut the onion and add it to the baking dish." Noel then adds some minced garlic to the baking dish with the cream after crushing it with a knife. Before adding the potatoes and broccoli to the recipe with the other ingredients, drain the cooked vegetables. Next, you should sprinkle stock on top, he said.  If you want to add some protein to your dish, add some ham or chicken to the baking dish before baking for 30 minutes at 200 degrees. His recipe seems to do wonders in his busy household, as daughter Chloe pulls the cooked dish from the oven and says: “Mmmm, look at that beauty." Her dad replied: "It smells nice. There you go, Chloe, that's what you can do for 60p a portion. Be careful, it's hot." All it takes to make that recipe for the household are 5 kilos of potatoes, 4 heads of broccoli, 2 onions, 5 garlic cloves, 2 litres of cream, 5 stock cubes, and 900g of ham. READ MORE: Cost-of-living crisis coming to an end as inflation falls Noel and Sue’s TikTok followers praised the father for sharing the meal recipe saying: "Looks great and so cheap", "Amazing, especially in these hard times!" and "I'm so pleased you remind us every week on Facebook to watch your show because every week I forget until I see the post." Sue and her husband Noel, who go by the TikTok handle @theradfordfamilyofficial, have been married for 30 years and star in the Channel 5 television show '22 Kids and Counting'. The couple is parents to Chris, 32, Sophie, 27, Chloe, 26, Jack, 24, Daniel, 22, Luke, 21, Millie, 20, Katie, 19, James, 18, Ellie, 16, Aimee, 15, Josh, 14, Max, 12, Tillie, 11, Oscar, 10, Casper, nine, Hallie, six, Phoebe, five, Archie, four, Bonnie, three, and Heidie, one. The latest member of the family was born in 2021. The family of 24 do not rely on benefit but Noel and Sue Radford earn from their bakery business Radford's Pie Company in Heysham and media deals. Dad Noel and mum Sue have met success on their TikTok account which now has close to 200,000 followers and a total of 1.4 million likes on their content. DON'T MISS:Pension savings warning as inflation eases again [REPORT]UK inflation dips slightly to 10.1 percent [REPORT]Broadband firms 'to hit customers with mid-contract price rises’ [REPORT] In their latest video, also extracted from the show ‘22 kids and counting’, 12-year-old Max and his mum share energy-saving tips. Instead of turning on all the lights in the house and having the family spread across their home, they now play games together in the living room to keep it warm while only one light bulb is on. UK households went through the highest inflation in 41 years last October, with a rate of 11,1 percent. The Bank of England expects inflation to begin to fall from the middle of this year and be around 4 percent by the end of the year, with the rate expected to drop to its 2 percent target after that. READ NEXT:Bank launches savings account with ‘higher’ interest rate of 3.10%State pension payments 'may not cover' billsBank offers 3.03% boost despite savings ‘losing value’We’re cutting our own throat with Rishi’s crippling business taxes'Like getting 22.9% on your savings' - how to beat low rates on cash