Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William have made their first joint official visit to Cornwall today. The royal couple is also titled the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and this is the first time they have visited Cornwall together since taking on the new title. For the occasion, Kate wore a brand new brown Hobbs coat that has striking similarities to another brown Hobbs coat she wore 11 years ago. Royal fashion fans believe this is a modern and new-launched version of the 2011 Celeste Coat in Chestnut Brown. Kate’s coat is from the British brand Hobbs London and is the Women’s Brown Unlimited Celeste Flared Coat, priced at £595 but down to £92 in the sale. It is believed to be a newer version of the Hobbs’ 2011 Celeste Coat in Chestnut Brown that she also owns. The coat is knee-length in a warm brown with a slight a-line skirt. It is made from a chestnut brown wool fabric. This is the first time Kate has stepped out in the newer version of the coat. READ MORE: Meghan's ‘go-to meal’ uses ingredient mother Doria 'always used' The original Hobbs Celeste coat formed part of the label’s winter 2011 collection and Kate has worn that several times over the years, adapting it for different occasions. In 2013 Kate wore the original Celeste coat when visiting Grimsby and it had different belt, and in 2016 on Christmas Day, Kate added a fur collar to the original Celeste coat. Today, however, Kate’s coat has different belts around the waist and cuffs - buckles rather than press studs like the 2011 version. Other differences that were noticed were the pocket details; the original Celeste coat had pockets that were made from two semi-circles sew together down the side seams of the coat. The coat Kate wore today only has one semi-circle on each side. It appears Kate has purchased three new belts or has had them sourced and made specially to give her coat a unique look. In 2011, the piece retailed for £369. Underneath the coat, the Princess had chosen a deep pink or red knitted dress which had a roll neck, and long sleeves. The brand of the dress is not yet known. Around her waist she had a crocodile-print belt with a large square buckle in the same shade as her dress. She completed the look with her brown pair of suede Gianvito Rossi knee-high boots. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice makes surprise appearance at science lab These boots have been a staple shoe in Kate’s wardrobe this winter. She wore them on Christmas Day with a khaki long coat, and again when visiting Leeds last month. Gianvito Rossi has confirmed it made the boots for the Princess, and they are believed to be a bespoke or custom creation. In terms of accessories, the Princess of Wales didn't wear a handbag. Instead she wore a pair of silver teardrop hoop earrings. Kate and William were in the harbour town of Falmouth to learn about the area's maritime heritage at the National Maritime Museum Cornwall before heading to a local community centre. William made his first official visit to Cornwall since taking on the Duke title back in November. During this visit he met staff, volunteers and young people at Newquay Orchard, which offers environmental education, employability training and community events. William and Kate took on the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall title after the death of Queen Elizabeth II, which saw King Charles ascend the throne and relinquish his former title as Duke of Cornwall. William and Kate are now known officially as the Prince and Princess of Wales, and Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and Cambridge.