Queen Letizia of Spain and her husband King Felipe inaugurated the ARCO Art Fair in Madrid, Spain. For the occasion, the Spanish monarch wore a lovely pink dress but her outfit divided fans as some claimed it wasn't appropriate for the cold weather in the Spanish capital. The pink midi dress was from Spanish designer Moises Nieto and Queen Letizia has previously worn it for other official engagements. The shiny fabric made the stylish dress, which had long sleeves and a matching pale pink belt, a truly unique design. Queen Letizia combined it with a pair of beige Prada stilettos and a chic handbag with floral detail from Furla which has a price tag of 395 euros (£347). The royal also wore a pair of colourful maxi gem earrings from Spanish designer CASHFANA. READ MORE: Meghan underestimated how far down Hollywood 'pecking order' she'd be  The crystal jewel added a colourful touch and elevated the Queen's look, and is still available to purchase online for 65 euros (£57). Queen Letizia's dress was 165 euros, around £145, and although it is a lovely option for spring, some fans criticised that she wore it on a frosty winter day in Madrid. Others weren't too convinced with the fabric of the dress which created a shiny effect, and some opined it looked "like a robe". Royal fan @step.when said: "She is beautiful, the makeup, the hair and the accessories are very good. However, I don't like her dress at all.   "I don't see it as flattering... The colour is fine, but that cut and the fabric that, at least in the photo, looks stiff." Another one, @crmnobarra, commented on Instagram: "The dress seems to be made with the shiny fabric that we use for Carnival. "It's the first thing I thought when I saw it. And also there is still time for more winter clothes!" Instagram user @carmenisab commented: "I don't like the fabric at all, it looks like plastic. I love the earrings. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert "I like them so much that I'm going to try to buy them. The bag is precious!" the royal fan added. "It looks like a robe, it is almost like chiffon, right?" added royal watcher @franchute4953. Queen Letizia is a fan of pink shades, from fuchsia to pastel, just like Kate, Princess of Wales, who also owns very similar dresses. Kate donned the pink Beulah London midi dress for the Wimbledon final, a pale pink satin crepe design featuring cuffed short sleeves and a midi skirt. She accessorised the 1930s-inspired gown with Aldo Nicholes heel pumps and a vintage clutch by Josef. The Princess of Wales also wore a similar design during her royal tour in the Bahamas last year with Prince William. The pink gown featured three-quarter-length puff sleeves, a shirt-style bodice and a pleated skirt. Kate chose a design by fashion brand RIXO: the Izzy style in pink marble zebra.