A Facebook tribute to a German princess who recently died has turned awkward for the Royal Family after an auto-translation error. Editor of Majesty magazine Joe Little drew attention to the mistake on his Twitter page after the post had already gone online. He wrote: "Meanwhile, on Facebook the death of a German princess is announced, but unfortunately the auto-translation to English has gone awry: 'There is a book of condolence in the safe room of the castle for declarations of insults.' "One must never speak ill of the dead!" German Princess Traute of Lippe died on February 25 aged 98, eight years after the death of her husband Prince Armin in 2015. She married into royalty when she and the prince wed on March 27 1953, the same year Queen Elizabeth II was officially crowned. The Firm have had to deal with some awkward revelations recently due to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Netflix documentary series Harry and Meghan, as well as Harry's autobiography Spare. Spare, in particular, made a number of damaging allegations about the royals, including that Prince William physically attacked him during an argument and that his family deliberately leaked stories to the media. Despite this, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be invited to King's upcoming Coronation in May. READ MORE: Kate's attempt to be 'fashion icon' fails as recent look criticised King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla will be crowned on May 6 at Westminster Abbey, although the final guest list has yet to be confirmed. It is also not yet known if Harry and Meghan will accept the invitation, especially given as it is the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday. This may mean that Harry will make a quick solo trip back to the UK while Meghan remains in California with their young family. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry were forced to 'sack' Archie's nanny after 'incident' [LATEST]Camilla subjected to 'totally demeaning' statement - expert [REPORT]Queen and Prince Phillip ‘took massive delight’ in things going wrong [REVEAL] According to reports, the Duke of Sussex wants an apology from his father and brother before he commits to attending the ceremony. A source told The Times that while Harry is keen for Charles and William to apologise, the royals do not believe an "apology is owed". They added of the Coronation invitation: "I don’t think it will be wrapped in an apologetic bow. "It will be, 'Here is an invitation. Let us know if you are coming.'"