A derecho bombarded the southern US today, causing winds of up to 110mph that left a trail of destruction in its wake. Across the Southern Plains, homes were shredded and at least a dozen people were injured from the weather event. What is a derecho? And how common is it? According to the Storm Prediction Centre’s website, a derecho is a “widespread, long-lived wind storm”. The weather events are associated with bands of rapidly moving showers or thunderstorms. Despite causing similar havoc to a tornado, derecho damage typically occurs in one direction along a relatively straight path. The Storm Prediction Centre explained: “By definition, if the swath of wind damage extends at least 400 miles, is at least 60 miles wide, includes wind gusts of at least 58 mph along most of its length, and also includes several, well-separated 75 mph or greater gusts, the event may be classified as a derecho. Derechos usually take place in the warm season, meaning those involved in outdoor activities are especially at risk. However, particularly fierce storm systems can pose severe risk to all, and cause massive damage to homes both rural and urban. From June 29 to June 30, 2012, a derecho dubbed the ‘Ring of Fire’ tracked across a large section of the Midwestern US, across the central Appalachians and into the mid-Atlantic states. The nightmarish thunderstorm complex resulted in 22 deaths, and cause an estimated $2.9 billion worth of damage. And in August 2020, the ‘Heartland’ derecho struck primarily eastern Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Indiana. Four people died from the weather event, but it was the most costly derecho in US history, with $11.2 billion in damage. READ MORE: Student Madison Brooks, 19, seen arguing in car with accused rapists High winds were whipped by the weather system between Sunday evening and early this morning, with possible tornadoes reported in Oklahoma and Kansas. At least one tornado was confirmed Norman, just south of Oklahoma City, at about 9.15pm CT, causing 12 weather-related injuries. Video from the area showed homes devastated by the twister, with exposed panelling and downed weather lines a frequent sight last night. The National Weather Service found damage in the area showing that the winds were at least rated EF-2, meaning between 111 to 135mph. High winds were blamed for nearly 15,000 power outages in Texas, and a gust of 114 mph was recorded in the Panhandle town of Memphis. Derechos are extremely rare in the portion of the US west of the Great Plains. However, isolated derecho events have occurred in the interior portions of the west, especially during spring and early summer. Victor Gensini, a professor at Northern Illinois University who studies severe storms, told MPR News in 2020 that it is “sort of unknown” weather derechos are increasing in regularity. “We have a lot of error right now in our experiments and models that can project into the future,” he said. “Our best guess right now is that the amount of days that we’re going to have in the future that have this extreme heat and humidity is going to increase, but it’s unclear if that’s going to translate to more of these types of derecho windstorms.”