Three-part true crime series Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal delves into the South Carolina legal dynasty the Murdaughs and the sinister crimes circling them. The Netflix programme starts by exploring a drunken boating accident in 2019 involving Paul Murdaugh, Mallory Beach, Morgan Doughty, Miley Altman and Connor Cook and Anthony Cook. Five of the teens made it out of the water when the vessel crashed but 19-year-old Mallory didn’t. During the collision, the boat struck a bridge in Archers Creek in Beaufort, South Carolina. Paul was alleged to have been drunkenly driving at the boat despite his friends trying to stop him. After the accident, there was a frantic search for Mallory and her body was eventually found five days after the crash. According to the Netflix documentary, Mallory was flung out of the boat when it hit the bridge and suffered head injuries. READ MORE: Kate Garraway red-faced after being told she 'smells' by GMB guest According to the autopsy report, Mallory suffered blunt force trauma and drowning. Before her untimely death, teen Mallory had graduated from Wade Hampton High School and was working in a clothing boutique. Mallory was popular and had many friends and was hoping to go into an interior design career. Her boyfriend Anthony and Mallory’s family were left devastated by her death. In the Netflix documentary, Mallory’s family alleges they were never contacted by the authorities about their daughter going missing. No, Paul was charged with three felony counts of boating under the influence, including causing the death of Mallory Beach and seriously injuring two other passengers to which he pleaded not guilty via CBS. After the crash, Paul continued to live his normal life on the family’s sprawling hunting lodge property, Moselle. Despite the charges, in the series, Paul was still said to be having run-ins with the law and continuing to party. However, he never made it to court for Mallory’s death after he was shot dead along with his mother Maggie in 2021. The Beach family sued the Murdaugh family over the teen’s death in 2019. A settlement was reached in January 2023 and as part of the settlement agreement, surviving son Buster Murdaugh would receive a half-million dollar share of his mother’s estate. The rest of this money would be divided between the survivors of the boat crash as well as covering the other legal fees involved in the suit, ABC News reported. The Netflix documentary has been released as scion Alex Murdaugh is on trial accused of murdering his wife Maggie and son Paul. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [VIDEO]Caroline Hawley has been part of Bargain Hunt since 2014 [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [INSIGHT] He faces charges of two counts of first-degree murder and two related weapons charges and pleaded not guilty. The prosecution recently wrapped up giving evidence with the defence now making their case. Alex is reportedly wanting to take to the stand in his trial and testify, a source told CNN. Even if Alex is acquitted in this trial, he still faces other characters for alleged financial crimes. Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal is streaming on Netflix now