Netflix’s Drive to Survive is set to launch later this week with a string of surprises and shocking moments. The programme is set to include behind-the-scenes access to some of the year's biggest stories from Red Bull’s budget cap fiasco to Oscar Piastri’s Alpine contract chaos.  Mercedes’ early-season struggles, Ferrari’s strategy errors and Mick Schumacher’s F1 future are also major topics. Champion Max Verstappen also makes his much-anticipated return to the documentary after a year's absence. The new series will be available to stream on Netflix on Friday, February 24. It means the episodes will drop during pre-season testing in Bahrain and just a week before the first Grand Prix. The show has traditionally launched just ahead of the 2023 campaign with season four also dropping a week ahead of Round One. READ MORE: Christian Horner and Zak Brown eyeing mega engine partnership It will be available to watch on Friday morning but there is no point in pulling an all-nighter to catch a sneak glimpse. Similar to other Netflix Originals, the programme will become available at 8am in the UK. There will be 10 episodes with each focusing on a particular team or storyline for around 45 minutes. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen endorses Lewis Hamilton's F1 dream in message to bosses [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen shares Ferrari, McLaren wish and talks Hamilton rivalry [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen shares F1 retirement plans and rules out long career [COMMENT] Episode 1 - The New Dawn Mattia Binotto was left excited about Ferrari’s start to 2022 as they challenged Red Bull at the front. Guenther Steiner was also ecstatic as Haas moved from the back of the field to score points. Episode 2 - Bounce Back As Ferrari and Red Bull soar, Mercedes are left scratching their heads. The Silver Arrows struggled with porpoising early on in 2022 with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell unable to fight near the front. Episode 3 - Matter of Principal Despite a strong start, Ferrari missed out on challenging for the title after a series of strategy errors. This episode will look at how the Prancing Horse tried to deal with the issues and Charles Leclerc’s fury. Episode 4 - Like Father, Like Son Mick Schumacher was axed from F1 at the end of last season after failing to impress Steiner and Gene Haas. The breakdown in relations and Steiner’s true thoughts on the German’s skills will be revealed. Episode 5 - Pardon my French Alpine made the headlines in 2022 after one of the most stunning contract stories in recent years. Fernando Alonso leaves the French manufacturer who are then blindsided by a shock twist.  Episode 6 - Nice Guys Finish Last Alpine deals with the aftermath of Oscar Pistori’s exit while Daniel Ricciardo is forced to weigh up his options after McLaren’s decision. Zak Brown and Otmar Szafnauer are also embroiled in tough talks. Episode 7 - Hot Seat Red Bull star Sergio Perez comes under the spotlight as he continues to fight for his F1 future which is decided in a dramatic Monaco Grand Prix. Episode 8 - AlphaMale Yuki Tsunoda’s future comes under focus after Pierre Gasly announces his decision to move on. Episode 9 - Over the Limit Christian Horner faces team bosses as Red Bull was found guilty of breaching F1’s strict budget cap rules. Viewers will also get a look behind-the-scenes of Verstappen’s championship celebrations in Japan. Episode 10 - End of the Road The final race in Abu Dhabi may have been less tense than 12 months ago, but championship positions in the midfield were still up for grabs.