Rihanna fans are counting down the time until the pop star's performance at the Super Bowl halftime show, one of the most watched performances in the world. The show will be a comeback for the musician, as she has not toured or released an album since 2016 when ‘Anti’ came out. Fans are looking forward to Rihanna’s show after it was reported she accepted the spot from Taylor Swift, who reportedly turned down the chance to star at the Superbowl. It seems the Midnights singer turned down the opportunity in order to continue re-recording her first albums. It is now being reported that Rihanna now has three times the wealth of Taylor Swift, which is saying something. According to Forbes, Rihanna is now worth $1.7billion, making her the 2,066th richest person in the world. Forbes also published last year that Rihanna is one of America’s richest and youngest female self-made billionaires, as they ranked the country's most successful women. Rihanna is the first person in Barbados, where the star was originally born, to become a billionaire.  READ MORE: Rihanna shows off her son for the first time in adorable video     Other celebrities on the list include Madonna who is worth $575, Taylor Swift at $570 million, and Beyonce at $450 million. Rihanna is now the wealthiest female musician in the world and second only to Oprah Winfrey as the richest female entertainer. Rihanna’s wealth comes largely from her cosmetic line Fenty Beauty, which was first launched in 2017. At the time, the Anti star said she wished to create a beauty company that made “women everywhere (feel) included.” Shannon Coyne, the co-founder of consumer products consultancy Bluestock Advisors, has said that Rihanna’s success comes from her inclusive policy. She explained: "A lot of women felt there were no lines out there that catered to their skin tone. It was light, medium, medium dark, dark, We all know that’s not reality. [Rihanna] was one of the first brands that came out and said, ‘I want to speak to all of those different people'." It has been reported that Rihanna co-owns 50 percent of the company, with the other half belonging to LVHM. She has other business ventures, such as her skincare company Fenty Skin and her lingerie line Savage X Fenty.   DON'T MISS:Rihanna likens motherhood to being on a long ‘acid trip’ [REVEAL]Rihanna caresses her jaw-dropping body in racy leather lingerie [REPORT]Johnny Depp commands attention at Rihanna's fashion show despite fury [INSIGHT]  Rihanna has had an incredible 20-year career which has made her one of the most successful women of the 21st century. She comes from a working-class background and had no training in dance or music when she began her career. In 2003, record executive Evan Rogers was on holiday in Barbados when he was approached by an enthusiastic Robyn Fenty, who would one day be known as Rihanna. She told him that being in the music industry was “all I’ve ever wanted to do.” Rihanna made a big impression on Rogers, who said: "She had such a presence! Her makeup was perfect, and she had these capri pants and matching sneakers, with her green eyes and her long supermodel neck”. Rogers signed Rihanna up to a record in 2005 when she was 16 years old, and she then gained her first number with the song ‘SOS’ less than a year later with her album ‘A Girl Like Me’. It was reported that Rihanna has sought escape in music ever since she was a child, as she grew up with a father who was physically abusive to her mother. Rogers explained: "It was more likely a much more urgent need to escape from the anxieties of a violent home life into the illusion of security and boundless love that a life onstage seemed to offer. That desire, more than any inborn talent, is what fans will connect to, and that is what record men look for in a new artist. It's the one thing they can't manufacture.”