Chelsea boss Graham Potter will deploy a different defensive line this evening against Borussia Dortmund with Benoit Badiashile ineligible to play in the Champions League after being left out of the 25-man squad. Badiashile has instantly established himself as one of the first names on the team sheet at Chelsea since his January move from Monaco.  The 21-year-old helped the Blues keep three clean sheets in his first three league games before the 1-1 draw with West Ham at the weekend. But he will not be involved against Dortmund this evening with Potter set to call upon Trevoh Chalobah or Kalidou Koulibaly to start alongside Thiago Silva. UEFA rules restrict clubs from naming more than three new January signings in their Champions League squad for the knockout stages. Chelsea signed eight players in January, although Malo Gusto was loaned back out to Lyon while Andrey Santos is still waiting for his work permit to go through. That still left six new signings for Potter to pick from to take the three available spots. The Chelsea boss ended up choosing Mykhaylo Mudryk, Enzo Fernandez and Joao Felix to join the 25-man Champions League squad.  It means David Datro Fofana and Noni Madueke also joined Badiashile in missing out. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was also dropped from the Champions League squad in order for Potter to open up all three slots for his new arrivals. But Badiashile's omission could be most costly with the Frenchman enjoying an impressive start to life at his new club. Badiashile has already left an impression on Potter, who noted the "nice relationship" the Frenchman had established with Silva.  Potter added: "He brings a calmness, he’s good with the ball, he’s left footed so he gives us balance on that side. Attacking and defending, he’s had a solid start for us. "Young player, you never know when they come into the country in a different situation, a different league, but so far he’s managed it really well. He’s a nice person, a calm, humble guy who wants to work and wants to improve. The signs are good." Koulibaly missed Chelsea's match against West Ham at the weekend through illness, but was back in training on Monday.