Nicola Peltz, 27, has been plagued with rumours surrounding her relationship with her mother-in-law Victoria Beckham, as well as her April wedding last year. As Nicola tries to separate herself from the gossip, the actress opened up in an InstagramHollywood spotlight. Nicola is a regular user of her Instagram, sharing loved-up snaps with her husband Brooklyn Beckham on the daily. However, on a different note, Nicola wanted to give her 2.8 million Instagram fans an insight into her life as they were able to ask her questions. An anonymous question read: "What do you think about hate on social media? How do you feel about it?" Nicola replied honestly: "I really try to ignore it but sometimes I can't help but see it. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts flashes bottom and Billie Piper goes braless at Brits "Sometimes it does upset me but I really try not to let it." This comes as the actress' wedding to the eldest Beckham son has sparked controversy, with a US lawsuit now being filed by the actress's own father, Nelson Peltz. He is suing Nicola’s second wedding planners, Nicole Braghin and Arianna Grijalba, for allegedly not returning his £129,000 deposit after their involvement with the project ended. The lawsuit has brought forward fresh claims of Nicola's "bridezilla" tendencies, while also going through a total of three wedding planners. Nicola's star-studded wedding has also provoked feud rumours involving her mother-in-law Victoria Beckham. Rumours circulated that Nicola had clashed with fashion mogul Victoria over whether the former Spice Girl would design her bridal gown. Nicola previously slammed the claims, as she told Variety in August 2022: "I was going to and I really wanted to, and then a few months down the line, [Victoria] realized that her atelier couldn’t do it, so then I had to pick another dress." The budding actress also spoke in another interview denying that she and Victoria had ever been embroiled in a feud. DON'T MISS... Rihanna confirms pregnancy just nine months after son's birth [INSIGHT] Sam Smith 'in furious backstage row at BRITs over set malfunction' [BRITS] Oscar-winning Chariots of Fire director Hugh Hudson dies [DEATH] She told Grazia USA last September: "When I read things that say [things like] I was never planning on wearing a [Victoria Beckham] dress or things like that, it does hurt my feelings. "I try not to let it, but it’s just not the truth. It’s just a bit of a bummer when you’re like, ‘Oh, people think that,’ but it’s just not true." She continued to explain that she did try to wear a wedding dress designed by Victoria, but the timing didn't work out. Nicola continued: "I was truly so excited to be able to wear a design that my future mother-in-law created. "We connected to start designing the dress, and then a few days went by and I didn’t hear anything. Victoria called my mom and said her atelier couldn’t make it. "So, I spoke to my mom and [my stylist] Leslie [Fremar], and I was like, ‘Well, unfortunately, this can’t happen, so what’s the next step?’" Speculation surrounding a rift was put to the side as the family put on a united front at Victoria's Fashion Show. Victoria shared a family picture, including Nicola prior to the show with the caption: "It’s Paris baby!! I’m so grateful for my family, @BritishVogue and @VogueMagazine for always supporting me on this journey xx VB." In regards to the recent lawsuit, it is still ongoing with sources branding the situation an "embarrassing" time for Nicola. A source told The Sun: "Like Victoria wanted the feud to disappear, Nicola will no doubt be hoping this all dies down as quickly as possible." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Nicola for comment.