Eagle-eyed viewers quickly spotted the pair were not onscreen throughout the show and flocked to social media to demand where they were and if they had left the award-winning series. While best friends Jenny and Lee, and hilarious brother and sister duo Sophie and Pete Sandiford appeared, Stephen and Dan were visibly missing. Gogglebox viewers were baffled as to why the popular pair were not on Friday's show to give their take on the latest TV. Many viewers flocked to Stephen's Instagram page to find out why the ever-popular couple had not been given any screen time. Some expressed their sadness at the thought of the pair not returning and commented on their absence. Natashathebasher wrote: “Missed you guys on Friday xxx.”   READ MORE:Call the Midwife's Lucille star quits after six years Basilthepoodle_suffolk added: “Wondered where you were! Hope @lustag75 had a fabulous time.” While poster Weejean also agreed writing: “Ah missing the boys this week.” It wasn't long before Stephen responded to reassure fans all was well and he was returning to the show next week. Posting a smiling picture with his husband Daniel, Stephen wrote: “He’s home just in time for #gogglebox.  “We are not on this week as Daniel’s been sunning himself in Dubai.” The couple's surprise absence comes as an original former Gogglebox favourite announced some heartwarming baby news. I’m A Celebrity winner Scarlett Moffat announced she is expecting her first child with partner Scott Dobinson. Posting the announcement on Instagram she wrote: “It truly feels like a dream writing this caption.”  DONT MISS: Jeremy Clarkson details plans for own funeral with cathedral hire [LATEST] ITV fans 'complain to Ofcom' over Dec's 'inappropriate' remark [NEWS] Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'humiliating' family     [TV] “Me and Scott are on cloud nine & are happy that we get to share this moment with you all.” “You are so loved already little one. Baby Dobinson coming." Speaking on Scarlett's podcast about the pregnancy, dad-to-be Scott explained why he won't be going down on one knee at the moment. He said: "Now, I can't physically ask [you] to marry me now because you're pregnant — people [will say], like, 'it's a cop-out'.” "At the minute, whenever I post anything on my social media or Scarlett's, most comments [are like]: 'Oh, lovely, now put a ring on it'." On the podcast added just because couples choose not to tie the knot immediately it doesn't mean they do not love their significant other. He said: "It's really annoying, just because you haven't got a ring on someone's finger or married them – there's many reasons.” Adding: "The thing is, they don't know – I might not even be religious, I might not believe in marriage. They don't ask them questions, they say 'put a ring on it before you lose it'.”  Gogglebox airs on Friday nights at 9 pm on Channel 4 and streams on All4.