Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson has slammed his team-mates after Saturday's Premier League humiliation at the hands of Wolves. Jurgen Klopp's side fell to a 3-0 defeat at Molineux, extending their run without a league win in 2023 to seven games. A Joel Matip own-goal and Craig Dawson strike fired Wolves into a two-goal lead after just 12 minutes, setting the tone for a disastrous day in the Midlands. Ruben Neves added a third after half-time, condemning Liverpool to a fourth defeat in seven outings this year, with just one win in that period. Liverpool were heavily favoured to win the Premier League at the start of the season after falling two games short of winning a quadruple last term. But Klopp's men have capitulated in recent months and look like a shadow of their former dominant selves. After full-time, Alisson bemoaned his team-mates' mistakes, admitting he doesn't know what needs to happen for the Reds to 'wake up'. He said: "Sometimes in football, you make mistakes, and you get punished. We did that again and again. Two mistakes, two goals at the beginning of the game. DON'T MISS: Martinelli taking the brunt as Arsenal fans air anger at Everton loss  "We are making things hard for ourselves. After that, we did a great second half. We could have done better on the third goal, but it was a good moment for the opponent. "I don't know what we need to happen to us to wake up. We come here, say we have to believe in ourselves, but we don't act like that on the pitch or deserve that. "Again, we have to put this behind us and take strength from ourselves and our families to bounce back. I think everyone believes they are capable of doing these things. It is that you have to fight for that." Alisson also expressed his confusion about why many of the players who have been pivotal in Klopp's era of success are failing to produce the same performances this season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "A game of 90+ minutes, you have to do it consistently for the whole game. We showed today you can get punished for 15 minutes, and that's what happened to us," Alisson continued. "We have the same players who achieved so many great things at this club, and we are not performing well. It's difficult to say why. I'm not saying I don't trust we can't bounce back. "I'm just so disappointed about tonight's game. We have to keep working. We are not in a situation where we are confident to come back, but we tried. "We did a good second half, and then we concede again: you don't score, and you concede again, so it's completely frustrating from my side." FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with this Saturday's Daily Express. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the weekend's action, valid on all sport, including horse racing!