The prize fund rate for Premium Bonds is set to increase from 3.15 percent to 3.3 percent for the March 2023 draw, its highest level for 14 years. The rate boost means the number of prizes between £50-£100,000 will be increased, a total of £15million in prizes added to the fund. The prize draw is once a month, with two lucky people having the potential to take home £1million, tax-free. Being the fifth rise in a year to the prize rate fund, many savers will be wondering if this hike has improved their chances of winning. Have chances of winning in Premium Bonds draw improved? The chances of winning a prize in the Premium Bonds draw remain at 24,000 to one. However, the changes mean that the number of Premium Bonds prizes worth £50 to £100,000 will rise. READ MORE: Millions of state pensioners risk missing out on £400 monthly boost - are you eligible? “When you win on the Premium Bonds, you’re hoping for the kind of sum that inspires enthusiastic celebrations. Thanks to inflation, there’s a growing risk that winning the lowest prize of £25 is more likely to bring on a slight sigh of disappointment. “NS&I’s decision to use rising savings rates to rebalance the Premium Bond prize fund pot towards prizes of £50 and over is a very sensible plan to give more people something to celebrate. “It has been a gradual process since September. Over six months, the number of £50 and £100 prizes will have multiplied by almost 37 to more than 1.4 million of each. Meanwhile, the number of £25 prizes will have more than halved to just over 2 million.” Premium Bonds are offered by National Savings and Investment (NS&I) which is backed by the Treasury, meaning that all money is safe.  READ MORE: State pension warning as triple lock 'likely to be revised' as Hunt's budget looms To add an extra level of security, they are also regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. While they offer a fun alternative to an easy access savings account, the odds of winning anything is a lot harder. The recent increase to the interest rate means holders are more likely to win a prize each month than in previous years. Are Premium Bonds worth it? On The Times Money mentor, it stated that: "Premium Bonds could be worth investing in if someone: Britons can invest from as little as £25 in Premium Bonds and hold a maximum of £50,000. This would give people between 25 and 50,000 entries in the monthly prize draw. Every £1 invested gives a unique number and all of these numbers are put into a computer called Ernie (Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment) which randomly draws out winners. To check any unclaimed prizes, people are encouraged to use the online prize checker on the second working day of the month. There is also a Premium Bonds prize checker app available for iPhones and Androids. Winners can opt to have winnings paid straight into their bank account or by cheque in the post.