The Princess of Wales rewore a floor-length Alexander McQueen off the shoulder white gown to the ceremony. Kate had previously worn the dress to the BAFTAs in 2019 but it has undergone some minor alterations. She paired the stunning dress with long black opera-style gloves. Kate's elegant rose gold earrings were dangly with flower detailing. They were from highstreet retailer Zara and had rhinestone applique, costing just £18. She also carried a black clutch bag from Cornelia James as she smiled entering the BAFTA ceremony with her husband. The Princess of Wales also wore gold pumps which could just be spotted as she walked. Kate's white dress had frills at one shoulder and cascaded to the floor. The toga-style gown had a cinched waist and a fitted bodice. The Princess has worn the Alexander McQueen gown before, showing her commitment to the environment. She has actually chosen to wear the British designer at every BAFTA ceremony, except one. The stunning aysymetric gown had been reworked for tonight's ceremony. READ MORE: Stylist shares most 'flattering' jeans for 'fresher and younger' look Kate paired the stylish look with natural makeup and wore her wavy brunette hair down. Zara describes Kate's earrings as: "Floral shaped metal dangle earrings with rhinestone applique." The earrings also have a push-back closure. Royal fans shared their admiration for Kate’s outfit on social media with one saying: “Never lets us down, does she! Love the opera gloves.” Another said: “She did her magic again. I have always loved long gloves!” Another fan wrote: "Spectacular, breathtaking and Hollywood glamour. Just love it!" One person said:"I'm loving the gloves too! I don't know why but it makes a bold statement!" However, not everyone was a fan of Kate's statement black gloved look. One fan wrote: "Dress is gorgeous, but I'm not sure about the gloves. William looks very dapper." READ MORE: Prince Harry was ‘dominant’ with Meghan in 2018 expert claims Another said: "Agree, lovely dress but the gloves are too heavy for this, maybe see through in a finer material." Kate hasn't been seen in a long gloved look before but the style reflected Hollywood glamour, perfect for the BAFTAs. The royal couple have made the ceremony an annual occasion due to William's role as President. The Prince of Wales looked extremely dapper in a velvet suit with a bow tie and pocket square. Kate and William waved to the crowds with huge smiles as they walked the red carpet. Another royal fan wrote on Twitter: "Looking radiant and happy! I love how they are always matching!" The Prince of Wales has been the president of BAFTA since 2010, following in the footsteps of family members Prince Philip and Princess Anne. The royal couple joined a host of A-list stars attending this year's ceremony, including Cate Blanchett and Austin Butler. They will watch the BAFTA ceremony and meet the Rising Star Award nominees.