Former Liverpool midfielder Emre Can was at the centre of a freak goal in Wednesday's DFB Pokal clash with VfL Bochum. Borussia Dortmund won 2-1 at the Vonovia Ruhrstadion to progress into the quarter-finals, but Can's bizarre strike from the halfway line stole the headlines. The 29-year-old's goal has divided opinions for its comical nature, described as brilliant just as much as embarrassing. His shooting technique garnered just as much attention as Bochum goalkeeper Manuel Riemann's questionable role. As a ball came over the top of the Bochum defence, Riemann marauded out of his area to take a touch and clear the danger. But he failed to get much height on his kick, which went as far as Can at the edge of Dortmund's half and left him stranded in no man's land. Can trapped the ball with his right foot, trickling it into the Bochum half, before lashing an effort from the air rather than waiting for it to drop. JUST IN: New European Super League plan unveiled with fresh tournament idea  His stabbed strike came across like a toe-poke, making for eye-catching viewing as it flew past the defence and rolled into the net. Riemann, backtracking from his original position, sprinted with all his might to catch up with the runaway ball but failed to do so. Kevin Stroger struck Bochum level from the penalty spot after VAR ruled 18-year-old Englishman Jamie Bynoe-Gittens to have fouled in the area. But Jude Bellingham stepped up and provided Marco Reus with an unselfish assist for the winner in the 70th minute. Can's goal has been the main talking point on social media, though, with many viewers finding the funny side of the strike. DON'T MISS Man City may face climb from League Two if removed from Premier LeagueArsenal target Ansu Fati makes final decision over Barcelona exitMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag's heartwarming reaction to Jadon Sancho goal @jonoblain tweeted: "Worst halfway line goal ever." @SamStatham29 added: "People should stop pretending that goals from halfway aren't almost always c**p and enjoy this for the comical masterpiece it is." @AndyBorland4 wrote: "Four bounces before it trundles over the line. A screamer!" @CraigSadler84 was unimpressed: "Surely not a volley if it bounces 3 times before trundling over the line?" And @1022crew aimed his post at Reinn's moment to forget: "The goalie's desperate attempt and going headfirst into the net is sumptuous." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here