Iconic fashion journalist and TV star Hilary Alexander has died after turning 77. The New Zealand native died on her birthday, on February 5.  Hilary wrote for The Daily Telegraph, BBC, and CNN, while also rising to fame on TV with appearances on shows such as Britain's Next Top Model. The star and fashion expert also appeared on Lorraine Kelly's ITV show, prompting the presenter to share her heartache over the news on Twitter. Lorraine wrote: "This is desperately sad news. "I loved having #hilaryalexander on the show - wise, kind and always on top of her game." READ MORE... Happy Valley's James Norton to marry one of the 'most desirable women' Alongside her stint on ITV's Lorraine, Hilary regularly appeared on GMTV and BBC Breakfast. Hilary was also a regular presenter at Clothes Show Live. The top fashion journalist reportedly made history by coining the term "supermodel" while writing about fashion shows. During her impressive career, Hilary forged friendships with top fashion designers, including Gianni Versace and Alexander McQueen.  The TV personality was named British Fashion Journalist of the year in 1997 and 2003. Hilary was later awarded an OBE for her services to fashion. Her final Instagram post prior to her death was a tribute to late friend Dame Vivienne Westwood, who died at the age of 81 in December 2022. Hilary had shared a photo of herself and Westwood, alongside the caption: "With love and thanks for an inspirational career in fashion. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson slams lack of EU subsidy after Brexit in ‘c*** job’Lucy Alexander addresses 'being out of a job' after BBC show exitVanessa Feltz in defiant swipe over Ben Ofoedu split amid time alone "R.I.P Vivienne, the Dame of Dame’s". Hilary began her journalism career when she was just 16-years-old as a trainee reporter, before working her way up to becoming fashion editor of the Daily Telegraph in 1985. She was then given the title of fashion director of the publication in 2003. British Vogue's editor-in-chief Edward Enninful is one of many to pay tribute to Hilary. He said: "I remember she was really kind to me when I was first starting out in the industry. "Everybody wanted to read what she had to say about fashion, but also she was hilarious, you could always feel her energy. She was so alive." Designer Zandra Rhoades added: "Hilary Alexander was the epitome of amazing enthusiasm and hard work. "She never gave up on a story and the research that went with it. We will never be able to fill the gap she has left."