Islam Makhachev defeated Alexander Volkanovski via unanimous decision in the UFC 284 main event with scorecards of 48-47, 49-46 and 48-7 in his favour. The contest was extremely close and hard fought with opinions divided after the result. While some believe the right man won others branded the result a 'robbery'. Right from the off it was clear what sort of fight it was going to be with both men taking to the centre of the cage and throwing hell to the wind. "Let's f***ing go," shouted Volkanovski as he sent Makhachev stumbling backwards with a good right-hand early doors before the Russian came back with a stiff shot of his own the buckled the featherweight champion's knee. While Volkanovski outlanded Makhachev 164 to 95 in total strikes and 70 to 57 significant strikes it was clear the natural lightweight carried more weight behind his shots. Makhachev also got the best of the grappling exchanges, landing 4 takedowns to the Aussie's 0. But after an impressive fifth round from Volkanovski, many thought he had done enough to win and voiced their displeasure online. "So Alexander Volkanovski somehow LOST to Islam Makhachev but he outstriked him and overall did better. Only thing Islam had was Takedowns & more control time.. But Petr Yan lost to Sean O'Malley when outstriked him AND had more control time.. THIS IS A ROBBERY," tweeted @LxckTV. "Robbery. 1 Knockdown and busier fighter (more total strikes and significant) I don’t consider Makhachev P4P…," wrote @MLCryptotrades. Meanwhile, ex-UFC star Nate Diaz added: "Yeah right Islam got his ass whooped." Not everyone was in agreement though. In fact, opinion was extremely divided. One fan (@Skip2MyJays) retorted to the cries of 'robbery': "Felt like a clear Islam Makhachev win, he was able to outstrike Volkanovski in majority of the rounds. Of course everyone is going to call robbery as per usual. Incredible fight, lived up to the billing. Zero stock dropped for Volk." MORE UFC NEWS... Media member (@BenjaminCureTV) was in agreement: "It may upset fans, but Islam Makhachev won that fight. You may not like how he won, but he checked the boxes. Control, damage, etc. That being said, Alexander Volkanovski might be the ONLY man in the world who can hang with Islam. Volk will NOT be finished." According to media scorecards provided by mmadecisions.com, 23 members of the press scored the fight in favour of Makhachev while 6 went with Volkanovski. As is often the case, the word 'robbery' is thrown around too freely and the reaction to this fight was no exception.