Ahead of Manchester United’s Carabao Cup clash with Newcastle, the stories surrounding the club continue to thick and fast. Marcus Rashford, Sir Jim Ratcliffe, Sheikh Jassim, Wayne Rooney, Bruno Fernandes and Jadon Sancho all feature in our Saturday round-up. Express Sport now takes a look at the latest news from Old Trafford. United were given a scare on Thursday night when Rashford was forced to limp out of their pulsating 2-1 Europa League win over Barcelona. And Ten Hag was coy when quizzed on the forward and his availability for Sunday’s showdown with Newcastle. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “The players are now coming in, we have to do investigations, medical, of course, yesterday we did. "So straight after a game most of the time you can't say, you have to wait for a 100 per cent diagnosis. “So let's do the medical, the work, we have to wait." Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Both Sheikh Jassim and Sir Jim Ratcliffe want Rashford to stay and believe a new deal for the United star is the ‘No 1 priority’ for the club. That’s according to journalist Ben Jacobs, who told TeamTalk: “Everything is heading in the direction that Marcus Rashford and Manchester United will agree a new long-term deal, because Rashford doesn’t want to leave United with the project heading in this direction and suddenly there appears stability on the football side success on the football side. “And let’s not forget that there’s going to very possibly be a new Manchester United owner or investor coming in as well. “So it’s all in Manchester United’s control. And what keeps it in their control is also the fact that regardless of any possible new owner, United have budgeted to extend Rashford under the Glazers, so they don’t have to wait and see who comes into the club, in order to tie Rashford down. “They can be working on this, even if a new ownership group or investor is delayed in terms of when they and their money come into the football club. “And on top of that every single group that I talked to that is in the running for Manchester United, particularly the two public ones Sheikh Jassim of Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe of Ineos, sources close to both groups make it clear that keeping Rashford is pretty much as far as in house priorities, their number one priority.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Al-Nassr confirm major Ronaldo U-turn after Man Utd exit Bruno Fernandes has become United’s new Wayne Rooney due to his selflessness, according to Paul Scholes. Speaking on BT Sport, the former Red Devils star said: “Sacrifice is what it’s all about in these big games. “Rooney did it so many times to accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, bringing that anticipation and quality to the team that Bruno has. “And wherever he plays in the team he is capable of creating a goal.” Rooney would sometimes play out of position at United - and that only enhanced his reputation. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United want Jadon Sancho to follow Rashford in rising to the top, according to journalist Dean Jones. The England international returned earlier this month after a four-month absence, having been previously deemed not mentally or physically ready to play. And Jones, speaking to GiveMeSport, said: "Rashford, it's unbelievable what he's [Ten Hag] managed to do with him so far. “Other managers would have just given up on him, probably would have sold him to PSG. Ten Hag hasn't done that. “He'll do it with other players, too. He's working on it with Jadon Sancho right now." Speaking to Sky Sports, Fernandes has admitted he’s still haunted by United’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton on the opening day of the season. “In the first game against Brighton, we had the first chances to score,” said the midfielder. “We didn't score. Brighton goes there one time and they had the goal and you could feel the ghosts from the past. “You know, like we are playing well, but all of a sudden we concede the goal from nothing. That first game was really tough to have. “I think more than Brentford, because Brentford, we know we did some mistakes individual ones, some group ones, other ones. You know, the, the intention, the intensity was not there. The desire, the passion, they had all that more than us. “But the Brighton game for me was the one that hurts the most.”