Season 10, episode eight of Father Brown is called The Sands of Time in reference to the clocks. This week’s instalment will air this afternoon (February 24) on BBC One at 1.45pm. The Sands of Time is also available to watch on the BBC iPlayer, along with the rest of season 10. According to the BBC, Brenda Palmer (played by Ruby-May Martinwood) will be finding romance but could she have fallen for a footman’s deadly charms? This comes as Father Brown (Mark Williams) and Mrs Devine (Claudie Blakley) are invited to Hartigan Manor for a prestigious unveiling of an historic and valuable clock. The Nightingale Clock has been acquired by avid horologist, who is eager to show off the new addition to his collection. But as always, things will take a turn when a body crops up following a row over inheritance money - can the case be solved before the wrong person goes down? READ MORE: Amanda Owen's ex Clive Owen is not living at Ravenseat Farm Jake - Rowan Polonski Rowan Polonski takes on the role of volatile footman Jake, who catches Brenda’s eye. Polonski has appeared in film Kingsman: The Secret Service and Doctor Who as well as small parts in Good Omens, Tomb Raider, Doctors and How You Look at Me. Oswald Hartigan - Bob Barrett Bob Barrett plays clock aficionado, who opens up his home Hartigan Manor as he shows off the Nightingale Clock. Barrett is best known for misrules in Wonderful You, EastEnders, Holby City, Shakespeare in Love and The Bill. READ MORE: Father Brown's Claudie Blakley is married to a Last Kingdom star Betty Hartigan - Jasmyn Banks Jasmyn Banks portrays Oswald’s new, much younger wife Betty who is hosting the Nightingale Clock opening. Banks counts credits in EastEnders as Alice Branning, ITV’s Quiz, The Spiritualist and This Way Up. Stan - Stephen Kennedy Stephen Kennedy plays humble clock mender Stan, who is trying to diffuse the situation when Lord Quentin initially shows up. Kennedy has featured in The Archers, Private Peaceful, Making Waves and The Hanging Gale. Lord Quentin - Jesse Fox Jesse Fox is the louche Lord Quentin, who is Oswald’s son and turns up at the manor uninvited and furious at his father for supposedly squandering his inheritance money. Following Lord Quentin’s explosive entrance at the event, he is later found dead with suspicion all around. Actor and director Fox has had parts in Foyle’s War, Doctors, Midsomer Murders and King for a Day. The episode will also feature regular cast members John Burton as Sergeant Goodfellow and Tom Chambers as Chief Inspector Sullivan. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' couple torn apart as Eve Unwin exposes affair [THEORY]Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [VIDEO]Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments [VIEWER REACTION] Actress Martinwood opened up about her character, saying: “Brenda has a pure heart. She is streetwise, cheeky, smart and quick. She knows how it all works. Brenda is just good fun. Definite big-sister material. “She had a difficult childhood and has certainly been through a lot for her age. She had to learnt to be tough, look after and protect herself. “She lacked love growing up, so instead became a bit of a troublemaker. But of course, she was just seeking love, security and belonging. If there’s trouble, Brenda often gets the blame. “However, Father Brown sees something in Brenda, something special. He takes her under his wing.” Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer