No man is an island, and even with LeBron James' valiant efforts to improve the LA Lakers' form, the franchise is looking at a potential second straight season without making the play-offs. That fight is far from over, however, and the team could still change its prospects with a new face or two before the trade deadline passes on February 9. The last-placed side in the Pacific Division has already conducted business with the recent acquisition of 2019 first-round pick Rui Hachimura, who joined from the Washington Wizards as Kendrick Nunn went in the other direction. Express Sport has considered a list of other realistic names who could move to the Crypto.com Arena before the deadline expires. Arguably the greatest trade priority for the Lakers should be sourcing an outside threat capable of drawing heat away from the rim. Darvin Ham's side are currently averaging just 10.5 three-pointers made per game, which puts them dead last in the league (as of February 2). Although 10-year NBA veteran Bojan Bogdanovic only recently said the Pistons value him as a "core member" in Detroit, there's nothing to suggest a move to the west coast couldn't appeal. The 7'4" Croat colossus currently ranks among the league's top 20 for threes made per game (2.8) and would bring some welcome size to the Lakers line-up. READ MORE LeBron James told Rui Hachimura will fix Los Angeles Lakers problems after latest setback  Sticking with the three-point priority, there are only four players in the NBA averaging more completed attempts per game from outside the perimeter than Buddy Hield. The former No. 6 pick has helped put the Indiana Pacers in the post-season conversation, and a return to California could be on the cards after ending his five-year spell with Sacramento just last year. Perhaps not the Curry many Lakers fans would like to see rumoured with a move, but the less celebrated Seth is one of several players the Brooklyn Nets are reportedly open to trading. While older sibling Steph may be widely considered king of the threes, 32-year-old Seth boasts an almost identical ratio from range this season, sinking 42.2 per cent of his shots. Among the obvious stars like LeBron, Anthony Davis and Russell Westbrook, championships are built as much around teams that develop strength in depth. In that regard, there's a lot to be said for the value someone of Curry's attributes could add when surrounded by the right shot creators. DON'T MISS LeBron James dons leaked special edition Liverpool top before LA Lakers win Joe Mazzulla’s emotional message to Jaylen Brown as NBA star misses crucial shots LeBron James held back by security after fan verbally abuses Los Angeles Lakers star    Speaking of shot architects, former Sixth Man of the Year Eric Gordon has turned the clock back in Houston and is racking up the kind of assist consistency he hasn't enjoyed since the 2015/16 season. The Rockets stalwart is seasoned at 34 and could add some valuable resilience to the Lakers locker room in what may be the most realistic trade deal listed. Despite injury forcing a premature end to his maiden season in San Antonio, Spurs forward Doug McDermott nonetheless smashed his own record for NBA starts in a breakthrough campaign. An excellent floor spacer who could take significant pressure off the Lakers' more celebrated stars, reports suggest the Spurs could demand 'one or two second-round picks' to move. Amid rumours Gary Trent Jr. commands the most trade potential on the Toronto roster, the Raptors could be convinced into a deal for their 24-year-old shooting guard late in the window. The Columbus native is setting career highs in numerous fields so far during this breakout season, and his current employers could be tempted to cash out now in the knowledge he may opt out of his contract next season.