Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's short stint at Chelsea could soon come to an end after the Gabonese striker was removed from their Champions League squad. The transfer window may be closed for European clubs, but it does give the striker a potential opportunity to play in Major League Soccer, and Los Angeles FC are interested. LAFC are in talks with Chelsea to sign Aubameyang, according to MLS insider Tom Bogert. Bogert states that although talks are ongoing, the two parties are not close to reaching an agreement just yet. However, with very limited options available to Aubameyang, and Chelsea clearly not interested in the striker, it's one to keep an eye on. Chelsea spent more than all Serie A, Bundesliga, Ligue 1 and La Liga clubs combined in the January transfer window, leaving no room for Aubameyang in their Champions League squad. But LAFC are desperately looking for a no.9 with the MLS season kicking off on February 25. Aubameyang has limited choices, either seek a move to MLS and begin the brand new season, or collect his weekly wage while barely playing football at Chelsea. Under Todd Boehly, Chelsea spent $400million (£323m) last month alone, and almost everyone has forgotten about the signing of Aubameyang just six months prior. Chelsea's loss could be LAFC's gain, as currently they have no established no.9 at the club. The MLS Cup champions are blessed with a wealth of talent, but without a clinical goalscorer they could struggle to defend their crown. Gareth Bale came and went in Los Angeles, although he did play a crucial part in securing their first MLS Cup win. LAFC still have the likes of Carlos Vela and Giorgio Chiellini as their main superstars, but still need to replace Bale. Aubameyang could be the perfect alternative and join a frightening attack, but Chelsea and LAFC are far apart in negotiations at this stage. After spending so much money, it's likely that Chelsea would want to offload Aubameyang from their wage bill, or at least see it significantly lowered. But for LAFC to come to terms on an agreement, it's likely they'd need Chelsea to continue covering the majority. Chelsea payed £10.2m for Aubameyang last summer, and is believed to be on a two-year deal worth £160,000-per-week. That figure would dwarf almost all MLS contracts at present, meaning that Chelsea would have to cover most of his wages. With Aubameyang set to sit at the club anyway it would be strange to see them turn down a move away, and negotiations will certainly continue.