Fernando Alonso has backed his new Aston Martin teammate Lance Stroll to challenge Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen for the Formula 1 world championship. The sport has been dominated by both Hamilton and Verstappen in recent years. The Englishman won five world championships in the space of six season between 2015 and 2020, before Dutchman Verstappen took over, winning the two previous championships. One man who is used to getting his hands on the title is Spanish stalwart Alonso. The F1 veteran has won the world championship twice in his career, consecutively in 2005 and 2006. Ahead of his 21st season on the F1 circuit, Alonso will drive for his sixth team in Aston Martin. Whilst the 41-year-old is most likely past his best on the track he has still backed his team for success, tipping new teammate Stroll as a future world champion. He said: “I will still be very proud if the team wins without me in the car. I will be very proud of the process and my contribution to the project. JUST IN: Bottas opens up on 'exhausting' Hamilton partnership at Mercedes “In Lance, the team has a driver who is super young, super talented and has the possibility to be World Champion. To see him achieve that and have played a part in that, whether that's behind the wheel or not, will be special for me." He went on: "He has the speed, and he has the talent. He has shown it many times, especially in wet conditions. I remember Lance's pole position in Turkey and some of his other excellent performances in the wet. DON'T MISS  “To perform at that level in difficult conditions you have to have a special feeling with the car." After finishing seventh in the constructors’ standings last year, Alonso is keen to help his new employers ‘shortcut’ their way into becoming world championship contenders. “I will use all my experience and all my knowledge to help the team shortcut the time that is needed to become world champions,” commented the Spaniard.Will I be behind the steering wheel when that time comes? Nobody knows. It's impossible to predict. But what is certain is that I will try my best.”