Arsenal midfielder Jorginho has revealed that he believes there are similarities between the managerial styles of Mikel Arteta and former Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri. To some, that would be high praise, though Gary Cahill may see the statement as an insult instead. Arteta was desperate to bolster his midfield ranks over the January transfer window and looks to have landed himself a bargain in the shape of Jorginho. The Gunners saw bids for Moises Caicedo knocked back by Brighton and opted to turn their attention to the Italian maestro, securing his services for a £12million fee. The 31-year-old was brought in to provide another option in the centre of the park as well as a leader in the dressing room, given Jorginho’s experience in pushing for titles previously. The midfielder has made four appearances for Arsenal so far this season and has not looked out of place in the team, with his neat passing and desire to dictate the tempo of a match proving instrumental. Jorginho has heaped the praise on Arteta since his arrival and for how he has helped him settle in. He told BeIN Sport: “He [Arteta] reminds me a little bit of Sarri. I am used to working with a manager that looks into the details. For me, details make the difference in the end between a good team and a winning team. READ MORE: Roy Keane tells Erik ten Hag 'you must resign tonight' to his face after Man Utd win cup "I am sure, 100 per cent, that he worships [the details] so much. I’ve only been here a short time but I’m sure every day there is going to be something new and that’s why I’m so excited as well because I can see that I have so much to learn here." Arteta’s meticulous work on the training ground has helped Arsenal to the top of the table and accelerated their progress massively over the past 12 months. However, former England international Cahill may feel that comparisons to ex-Napoli boss Sarri do not do justice to his individual identity. DON'T MISS Thousands sign petition to sack Chelsea boss Graham Potter after Tottenham defeat Man Utd owners the Glazers 'underwhelmed' by takeover offers as Qatar fears raised Newcastle's loss to Man Utd showed that Eddie Howe needs to make three signings  The ex-Bolton star had a public fallout with Sarri during their time at Stamford Bridge, with the player claiming that his manager lacked the man-management skills to explain why he was abruptly kicked to the curb. Speaking to The Telegraph about his last few months at Chelsea in 2019, he said: “It's been really terrible for me personally. It will just be erased out of my head when I leave Chelsea. My last memory will be last season's FA Cup final. "It's been very difficult. I have played on a regular basis over the previous six seasons and I've won everything with Chelsea, so to be watching from the stands is something I didn't expect. I know how the whole club works, I've got a big relationship with all the players and staff, and yet none of that has been utilized. "If you are not playing a player, any player, for two, three, four games, then you don't have to give a reason for that. But if it gets to eight or nine games, then you have to explain the situation. What's going on? But the manager hasn't done that. I see some of the situations with players who won the title with Chelsea, not just myself, and it just hasn't been right. It makes it very hard for me to have respect for someone who has not respected what some of us have won with the club."