Martin Lewis made fun of his wife yesterday as she announced a major career move. Lara Lewington revealed on her Twitter that she would be featured in a Radio 4 documentary that will explore Artificial Intelligence. Lara typed in view of her 58k followers: “A Documentary: By ChatGPT, on @BBCRadio4 and @BBCSounds, Monday 6th March at 8pm. “The AI and I work together to tell the story of what this latest technology means for us .” In response, Martin mischievously wrote: “Ooh. Get you doing a Radio 4 documentary. “It's almost like that ethics of AI course you did two years ago is paying off. READ MORE: Joe Wicks 'gave as much as he could' before workout venture struggles “PS. Very proud of you,” he added. Martin has been married to Lara since 2008 and together, the couple have daughter Sapphire, nine. On social media, Martin gives money-saving advice and is the founder of MoneySavingExpert.com. Meanwhile, Lara continues to inform the nation on Click, which airs on the BBC and explores different technological issues. She has co-presented on the programme since 2011 and is also a technology columnist for Woman magazine. In their free time, Lara and Martin enjoy spending plenty of time together. Martin even admitted they used to enjoy riding motorbikes before welcoming their daughter. He told Desert Island Discs: “When we started going out, in the days when she would allow me to do this. DONT MISS:Jennifer Lawrence nearly bares all in braless party outfit (PHOTOS)Louise Minchin gave up sport 30 years ago over changing bodyshape (NEWS)Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share rare snaps with son on birthday (LATEST) “I’m banned now since we had a child, I'm not allowed to ride a motorbike anymore. “We would occasionally hire a motorbike when we were on holiday and we'd sit there and we'd sing this song in the sun, on the back of a moped, both wearing helmets, being safe, I should note," he added. Last week, Martin revealed he is celebrating a special anniversary in view of his 2.1 million Twitter followers. The financial expert went on to gush about his “big baby”.  “Happy Birthday to my big baby…” he tweeted excitedly. “20 years ago today MoneySavingExpert dot com was officially born. “My it’s grown!!!!” he added enthusiastically. Martin’s followers took to the comments section to congratulate him on his fantastic achievement. Steven wrote: “It has saved me a bundle over the years. Not only that it has been extremely helpful and informative for all sorts of financial decisions. Thank You and happy 20th anniversary.”