A study from home security company ADT revealed the "most dangerous areas for some break-ins" in England and Wales after reviewing the number of residential burglaries per 1,000 people. The research unveiled that the most burgled area is Greater Manchester, according to 2022 data. Greater Manchester experienced an average of 14.9 residential household burglaries per 1,000 people in the last year. South Yorkshire was named the second most burgled area in England and Wales, with a total of 13.3 burglaries per 1,000 people. In third place was the West Midlands with 13.2 burglaries per 1,000 people registered in the last 12 months. Other dangerous areas in terms of house burglaries are Cleveland, West Yorkshire, Lancashire and County Durham. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’  While looking at the least burgled areas in the country, Devon and Cornwall are the regions with the fewest burglaries: a total of two per 1,000 people. In second place was Sussex, with 3.2 residential household burglaries per 1,000 people. Norfolk came third as the least burgled area with only 3.4 burglaries per 1,000 people in the last year. The experts at ADT revealed that most burglaries happened during the week, around 70 percent, and on average, a burglary costs homeowners £2,856. READ MORE: Kitchen colours that can make room smaller - 'Absolutely avoid' Surprisingly, a total of 24 percent of all burglaries are committed by someone close to the homeowners, such as family, friends or a neighbour. The security experts shared their top tips to deter thieves when leaving homes unattended this year. They said that a "common mistake" that "advertises an empty home" is empty milk bottles piling up by the front door. Similarly, parcels building up or stacks of post or newspapers by the driveway is a "clear evidence of inactivity in your home" and homeowners should ask a neighbour to collect them when going on holiday. Experts at ADT commented: "If you regularly receive a milk delivery, then it may be a good idea to pause your order before departing for your holiday. "The best way to do this is by contacting your milk delivery service directly, rather than leaving empty milk bottles with a note attached." They recommended: "To prevent thieves from targeting your property, contact your local post office and request they postpone your mail service from three to 30 days. "The good news is that you can collect any mail from that time period once you’ve returned from your trip – that way you won’t miss anything important."