The meeting was supposedly called to address the raft of issues at Stamford Bridge. A dismal 1-0 defeat by bottom-placed Southampton on Saturday meant Chelsea are now on a run of just two wins in 14 games across all competitions. Chelsea's board are not believed to be considering sacking Potter, instead believing that he is key to their long-term project. But the former Brighton head coach remains under serious pressure to salvage a season that is spiralling into disaster. Sections of the Blues support called for the 48-year-old to be dismissed after Southampton condemned them to an eighth Premier League defeat of the campaign. Co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are apparently sticking by Potter for now, but crisis talks have now been held at the club's Cobham training base. JUST IN: Man Utd warned of repeating Chelsea error in race for Victor Osimhen According to the Evening Standard, Potter attended a 'strategy meeting' with Vivell alongside his coaching staff on Tuesday. Sporting directors Paul Winstanley and Laurence Stewart were reportedly also present. Those in the room apparently accepted that there is a lot of work to do if Chelsea are going to turn around their season. The Blues are tenth in the Premier League and are on the brink of a woeful Champions League exit after a last-16 first leg defeat by Borussia Dortmund. Boehly and Eghbali were not thought to have been present in a meeting apparently described as for the 'football operation' at Stamford Bridge. It remains the case that neither individual has plans to sack Potter just five months after he replaced Thomas Tuchel. DON'T MISS...Liverpool see free summer deal disappear with Kante close to agreementMan Utd warned of repeating Chelsea error in race for Victor OsimhenChelsea could lose their 'most clinical' finisher Mason Mount  Staff involved in the meeting reportedly put on a 'united front' and Potter has been urged to battle on through the external clamour for his sacking. Chelsea have had a full week to prepare for Sunday's visit to Tottenham - a game seen as an excellent opportunity to garner support. The report adds that Potter green-lighted a scheduled two days off for players and staff despite being beaten by top-flight strugglers Southampton. Players returned on Tuesday and Potter's primary job in the interim has been to boost confidence ahead of the weekend's London derby. Chelsea have not won away from home since beating RB Salzburg 2-1 in the Champions League on October 25. For Blues fans, there are few better places to end that run than the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.