Novak Djokovic has been backed by Express Sport readers to win five more career Grand Slam titles, and three this year following his record-equalling 22nd victory at the Australian Open last month. Djokovic secured his 10th title Down Under after defeating Stefanos Tsitsipas in last weekend’s final. The win is the Serbian’s 22nd Grand Slam title, equalling the record of his great rival Rafael Nadal. The pair are regarded as tennis' greatest ever players alongside fellow ‘big three’ member Roger Federer. Nadal - who won the Australian Open title in 2022 - was absent from this year’s tournament through injury, making Djokovic’s task a little easier. Despite this, Express Sport readers believe even a fit and firing Nadal would have been unable to stop the world No. 1 in Aus. JUST IN: Alex Corretja explains why Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal aren't friends and don't hang out In an Express Sport poll, 83% of the 10,515 readers that answered believe Djokovic would have still won his Australian Open crown if both Nadal and 2022 Wimbledon finalist Nick Kyrgios were fit to compete. And many expect the Serbian’s dominance to continue. This comes after 33% of readers who were questioned revealed that they felt Djokovic will reach 27 Grand Slam wins before his retirement from tennis, with 30% believing three more will come this year, with the Serbian backed to do the clean sweep. Victory in Melbourne marked the perfect start to 2023 for Djokovic, following a turbulent 2022. DON'T MISS  The Serb’s hunt for Grand Slam titles was halted last year, after he was dramatically banned from both the Australian Open and US Open due to his COVID-19 vaccination status. It remained unknown if 2023 will play out in similar fashion, with doubts about him playing Flushing Meadows once again growing. However, changes in legislation have seemingly made the world No.1 eligible to compete in the United States. The news will be music to Djokovic’s ears, as he eyes becoming the sport’s most successful Grand Slam champion outright ahead of Nadal.