One “key question” reveals the true intentions behind a two-year-long cyberattack on the publishing giant behind the Sun and the Times, Express.co.uk has been told. The hack is believed to have originated from China - with cybersecurity experts revealing that Western networks remain at threat from cybercriminals or state-affiliated hackers who can “lay in wait gathering a treasure trove of data”. In a notification letter to employees last week, New York based media and publishing giant News Corp - which owns the Britain-based News UK, publisher of the Sun and the Times - revealed that on January 20 2022 the company “discovered a cyberattack.” It went on to inform employees that the hackers had accessed the company’s data for almost two years - starting in February 2020. It has been suggested that the hackers may be linked to the Chinese government. While this is unconfirmed, a cybersecurity expert told Express.co.uk of the “key question” that reveals the likely origin of the hackers. Cybersecurity expert Graham Cluley said: “The key question is this - what did they do while they were in there? If the intent was simply to make money by stealing information that would be subsequently sold or planting ransomware, then the culprits could be one of the multitudes of criminal hacking gangs operating without the explicit approval or necessarily the knowledge of their state. “However, if the intent was to spy upon journalists, find out who their contacts were, collect information over a long period of time, discover who might be providing information that would be damaging to the Chinese government (take, for instance, the controversy over China's treatment of the Uyghurs) then it is much more likely to have been done at the explicit orders of the Chinese authorities.” The hackers had accessed journalist’s emails and stolen numerous documents. These included articles and drafts that related to China, US military troop activity and technology regulation, and White House officials, according to reports at the time. Other prominent media outlets owned by News Corp include Dow Jones, Wall Street Journal, Fox News, and the New York Post. The attack comes amid a time of rising tensions between China and the West both due to China’s implicit support for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and the shooting down of alleged spy balloons in the US originating from the Asian country. Jake Moore, Global Cybersecurity Advisor at ESET - one of the largest cybersecurity companies in Europe - told Express.co.uk that hacking for the purposes of information-gathering was an often “forgotten danger”. He said: “Surveillance and intelligence gathering is often the forgotten danger when it comes to cyberattacks. READ MORE: Russia's Wagner chief sends blood-stained sledgehammer to EU [REVEAL] “Financial motivation can sound far more damaging but in reality, information building can be more worrisome.” He said the “vulnerabilities” that leave the door open to attacks “can go unnoticed for months, even years”, adding: “in this time, cybercriminals can lay in wait gathering a treasure trove of data.” Commenting on the implications for Western governments, Mr Moore said: “Western cybersecurity is continually testing and improving its networks but weaknesses will always remain and if Chinese intelligence gatherers are able to exploit a little-known vulnerability, it can be exploited and abused for a very long time.” The News Corp hack served as a stark reminder of the power of cyberattacks, with Mr Cluley adding: “If a determined state-sponsored hacker really wants to break into your organisation they will probably be able to do it. If the incentive is there they will be prepared to put considerable resources into hacking into your network.” He said: “We should always be concerned about our cybersecurity. Every day there are reports of companies being hacked - most often by common or garden cybercriminals, but increasingly by state-sponsored hackers.” DON'T MISS: Russian hacking group Killnet targets US Government websites [REVEAL]Russia launches attack on Poland as hackers declare war on 10 count... [INSIGHT]Wimbledon security chiefs 'on high alert' amid Russia cyberattack fear [ANALYSIS] Cyber-surveillance has increasingly become a key feature of modern cold conflict - sometimes referred to as the “grey zone”. The experts warned that both governments and civilians need to be aware of the risks. Mr Moore said: “As surveillance increases, governments, their staff and the wider public need to double down on only sharing what they need to with apps. We should be limiting the sharing of our personal information wherever possible and that can even mean not using certain apps which are likely to share this data with third parties without consent. “This attack is not unusual but should act as yet another wake-up call to the Government and the public.” News Corp said they were not aware of any “reports of identity theft or fraud in connection with this issue.” The media conglomerate has reported that there is no longer evidence of “ongoing unauthorized access” in the internal network systems at this time and that law enforcement, and cybersecurity experts were called in as soon as the company became aware of the attack.