Leeds United are hoping to pull off a coup by convincing Barcelona starlet Ilias Akhomach to join the club on a free transfer this summer, according to reports. The Yorkshire outfit are set to offer the highly-rated youngster a route to the Premier League, even though their own status in the top flight is far from secure. The 18-year-old is one of the most promising players to emerge from the club's famous La Masia academy in recent years and came through in the same age group as Gavi, who has quickly become a regular presence in the side under head coach Xavi Hernandez. There are similar hopes within the club that the talented forward can tread the same path, but Ilias is out of contract in June and has so far turned down offers from the Catalan club to renew his deal. ESPN report the La Liga giants are a 'long way' from submitting an acceptable offer after holding talks with his representatives, and Leeds are understood to be hoping to take advantage of his contract situation be lining up a move. READ MORE: Leeds next manager - Whites take massive Michael Skubala Everton risk   There is a willingness from both parties to reach a compromise as Ilias wants to stay at Barcelona. But Leeds are ready to pounce if they cannot agree terms, with the teenager set to become a free agent from July 1. Leeds sporting director Victor Orta holds a vast knowledge of the Spanish market and has identified Ilias as a realistic target with huge potential. Their poor form on the pitch and recent decision to sack Jesse Marsch has halted their pursuit, however, and they will need to convince Ilias of their ambitions to stay in the Premier League. The Whites could face competition from Serie A champions AC Milan, who have 'shown an interest' in signing the Spain youth international, with other clubs also monitoring his situation. DON'T MISSJesse Marsch had chance to strike Man Utd January transfer for LeedsFour excellent managerial options for Leeds after triple setbackLeeds 'join transfer hunt' for Kerkez as Victor Orta eyes second deal  Ilias, who joined Barca for a second time in 2017, has impressed scouts playing for the club's 'B' team in the Spanish third tier and his form led him to making three first-team appearances for the Blaugrana last season. But the ongoing stand-off regarding his future means he is yet to be handed any further chances to shine, as Barca attempt to hold firm in trying to convince the young winger to remain at the Camp Nou. And the promise of first-team football with Leeds - something Milan are yet to offer - could tempt Ilias into making the same move to England that the likes of Cesc Fabregas, Adama Traore and Giovani dos Santos have made before. But the deal could hinge on Leeds preserving their top-flight status for next season, with the struggling side currently 19th and two points adrift of safety from the relegation zone. 