Some 700,000 pensioners could be due backdated state pension with women mostly affected by the issue. Women were previously able to claim a state pension based on the National Insurance of their husband, ex-husband or a deceased husband. Most of the payments were sent out correctly but an investigation has identified many women were underpaid. Pensions provider LCP has created a tool for women to use to check if they may have been underpaid. The group says on the webpage with the tool: “Some married women, widows and those aged over 80 should get payments without having to take any action. “But other groups, such as married women whose husband turned 65 before 17th March 2008 and women who divorced after pension age, will still need to contact the Department [of Work and Pensions] if they want their pension to be reassessed. READ MORE: NS&I increases Premium Bonds prize fund rate again - £15million more up for grabs “This web page gives more information about the position of different groups, as well as a calculator for married women to see if they are being underpaid.” The tool works by a person answering questions about their situation including when they were born and if their husband is above state pension age. If a person appears to be underpaid, the tool suggests they contact the Pension Service to take up the issue. LCP said it has spoken to hundreds of women with queries about their state pension and the underpayments problem.  The firm said these groups may want to check if they are due repayments: READ MORE: Martin Lewis warning as thousands of people miss out on £150 energy bills boost The DWP is taking steps to rectify the situation and correct any underpayments. James Jones-Tinsley, self-invested pensions technical specialist at Barnett Waddingham, spoke to Express.co.uk about the issue. He said underpayment of the state pension is something pensioners should be “watching out for”. He said of the DWP’s efforts to correct the situation: “In January 2021, they began a state pension corrections exercise. “This has revealed that up to October 31, 2022, the checking process identified 31,817 underpayments. This amounts to a total of some £209.3million.” The underpayments have been attributable to several factors, such as computer errors and the complexity of the pension system. There is no set repayment as the amount a person will be due will depend on their situation and history. State pension payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April as the triple lock policy has been reinstated. This means the full basic state pension is increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension is increasing from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week.