Leeds United may turn to one of Marcelo Bielsa's former backroom team members if Jesse Marsch is given his marching orders. The Whites suffered a disappointing Premier League result against Nottingham Forest on Sunday, with West Bromwich Albion boss Carlos Corberan one of the front-runners should the board decide to make a change. Marsch was appointed to replace Bielsa just under a year ago and he guided Leeds to Premier League safety on the final day of last season. After earning transfer backing in the past two windows, many expected the side to kick on, but it looks as though another relegation dogfight will be inescapable this term. Defeat at Nottingham Forest on Sunday means that Marsch has not overseen a Premier League victory since the win over Bournemouth on November 5. Furthermore, his side drew a blank for their second game in a row, with star striker Rodrigo set for weeks on the sidelines. The board were reportedly weighing up whether to pull the trigger last month, but instead landed Marsch with a host of new signings including Max Wober, Weston McKennie and club-record acquisition Georginio Rutter. JUST IN: Arsenal fans gleefully thank rivals Tottenham for doing them a favour with Man City win According to The Daily Mail, Leeds rate Corberan highly and he has emerged as a candidate to replace Marsch if a change is made. The Spaniard spent three years at Elland Road, between 2017 and 2020, as part of Bielsa's backroom team before taking the top job at Huddersfield Town. Corberan resigned from the Terriers' managerial post after losing to Forest in last season's Championship play-off final. A brief stint at Olympiacos preceded his return to England with West Brom, where he has instigated an immediate turnaround in fortunes. DON'T MISSPep Guardiola made four baffling decisions in Tottenham defeatSpurs hero Kane and three others that did Conte proud in Man City winNewcastle 'going after' £54m star to give Guimaraes a perfect partner  The Baggies were 23rd in the Championship table when he took over, and Corberan has taken them to the play-off spots in just over three months. Everton supposedly considered him for their own managerial vacancy at the end of January, before turning to Sean Dyche instead due to concerns over his top-flight experience. Up next, Leeds face a daunting Premier League double-header against in-form Manchester United, which could ultimately decide Marsch's future in the dugout. After Brennan Johnson's Forest winner on Sunday, the American manager took the responsibility squarely on his own shoulders.  "I take full responsibility," he said. "I have to find a way of turning good performances more into winning because that’s exactly where we are and have been for a little while. That is the last step for the potential of where we need to be at. "When I sit on the touchline at the end of the match I am almost in disbelief that we find a way to lose this match because for me we were better in almost every phase and moment."