A mother has shared her horror after a brick was hurled through her window in the middle of the night, narrowly missing hitting her new-born baby. Amy Hicken and her partner were woken up by a "big bang" in the early hours of Thursday, February 2, and they realised shards of glass were all over their bed. Speaking to Leeds Live, Amy, 22, who was taking care of her four-week-old and two-year-old, said it was lucky her baby wasn't hurt or covered in glass. The brick came through the window, the blinds, and straight through Amy's curtains, before landing on her partner's leg. Her partner was not injured. “We were sleeping, just as usual, and there was a big bang and it woke me up straight away," Amy explained. "We moved and we could just hear loads of glass on the bed. “Luckily my four-week-old was on my side, because I was doing the night feed, but she would have been covered in glass. We turned around and saw the big brick on the bed. It was thrown with some force, it came through the windows, blinds and curtains. “I was in shock, and I rang my mum, we called 999, the police came straight out, told my partner not to touch anything, police came and took pictures but said they couldn’t get fingerprints from a brick."   Amy, of Leeds, says that, in the two years she and her family have lived on the estate, nothing like this has happened before. She said: “We were saying the other day that we never get any trouble on that street and we like living there, and then this happened. Once it happened, I looked on Facebook and I saw that someone’s car window was put through near the Aldi which isn't far from me." Amy asked the Facebook group Leedsplace for help with CCTV footage, hoping to catch the person who did it. West Yorkshire Police confirmed it is investigating what happened. Amy posted: “In the early hours of this morning at approx 3.48am someone threw a brick through my bedroom window where my four-week-old and two-year-old were sleeping. “Was just wondering if anyone on Swallow Crescent/Silver Royd Hill had any CCTV that could have maybe caught something." 