The Chief Constable of Police Scotland is to quit after five years in the role. Sir Iain Livingstone, 56, is to stand down in the summer. He told a board meeting of the Scottish Police Authority (SPA) in Glasgow: "I have decided to retire from the office of Chief Constable later this year. I will retire from policing in the summer."  The announcement comes after warnings from Police Scotland and the SPA that Scottish Government spending plans, under Nicola Sturgeon, could result in a "fundamental reduction" in policing. Sir Iain has been in charge of Police Scotland since 2018 with his term extended to August 2025 two years ago. The force is the UK's second biggest with 23,000 officers and staff. His retirement announcement came as he and Lynn Brown, Chief executive of the SPA, presented a paper to the meeting which warns policing north of the border is "unsustainable" given the latest cash settlement from Holyrood. The report, co-authored by Sir Iain, states: "Police Scotland has often absorbed the impact of wider public sector financial challenges and is taking responsibility in situations where the police service is not the most appropriate service to respond. "This position is unsustainable in the long term and detracts from the ability to intervene effectively at the critical end of risk and harm."    Holyrood's Criminal Justice Committee warned last year that "the outlook is extremely challenging and concerning" for the force. That warning came after the Scottish Government's resource spending review said both the police and SPA should "plan for a flat-cash settlement over the period" up to 2026-27. A submission made by Police Scotland and the SPA suggested in October that without extra money from the Scottish Government, the force could cut officer numbers by 4,500 if it were forced to pay for five percent wage rises over a period up to 2026-27. The Police Scotland, SPA paper, reported at the time by the Scottish Daily Express, said "initial analysis shows that for policing in Scotland to operate within a flat-cash funding allocation, savings of between £200 million and £300 million are required over the period, an average of between £50m and £75m per annum". READ ABOUT PUTIN'S CRAZED SPEECH Sir Iain, who has 31 years of service in the police, was knighted earlier this year. Announcing his resignation, he told the meeting policing is relentless, adding: "I consider the stability which now exists will endure through and also enable a managed transition to a new chief constable over the coming months. "I will work relentlessly to ensure this occurs. "The police officers and the police staff of Police Scotland deliver an outstanding public service. Leading them as chief constable to serve the people of Scotland has been the honour of my working life." DON'T MISS: Woman, 23, plunges to her death from cliff after night time walk [REPORT] Lawyer fumes over 'offensive' Shamima Begum decision [LATEST] French veg prices dramatically higher than UK but shelves are stocked [REVEALED]   Scottish Conservative MSP Jamie Greene, Shadow Cabinet Secretary for Justice, told Express.co.uk: "The report Sir Iain co-authored with the SPA was pretty damning. It was a parting shot, a warning to the Scottish Government that the current policing model is unsustainable. "Capital and resource budgets have been squeezed. Police numbers are at their lowest. There's been a rise in violent and domestic crime. That's [First Minsiter] Nicola Sturgeon's legacy." He added Police Scotland officers are being forced to pick up the pieces of social services and the agencies which are meant to be there at times of need but which are failing under the SNP-led Scottish Government. Describing the report from Sir Iain and the SPA as "quite stark", Mr Greene said underfunding of Police Scotland has meant the force cannot invest in body-worn cameras, new police cars and the IT equipment needed to combat crime. Mr Greene added: "The police used to investigate pretty much everything, but under the SNP they've become social workers. I think that is what Sir Iain is saying here. His retiring is a warning shot to the SNP." He said: "The Scottish Police Authority report, in Sir Iain Livingstone’s name, could not be clearer about the impact of the Nationalists’ cuts to the policing budget, which has seen officer numbers fall to their lowest level since 2008. "Our dedicated police officers are being asked to do more with less by SNP ministers – and, as well as being a totally unrealistic expectation, it appears to have cost them the services of Police Scotland’s top officer. He leaves with a distinguished record and I wish him well for his retirement. "The SNP must heed Sir Iain’s parting, warning shot, and whoever replaces him must be given the resources necessary by them to deliver the level of service our police officers want to offer and which the public expect."   In a statement, Justice Secretary Keith Brown thanked Sir Iain for his "distinguished leadership". He said: "I would like to pay tribute and offer my thanks to Sir Iain for his long and distinguished service to Scottish policing. As Chief Constable of Scotland he has led the force through what history will show to be hugely significant events. "The successful policing of COP26, when the world’s focus was on Glasgow, has been widely applauded as was Police Scotland’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. During that time, officers were praised for their measured and proportionate handling of an unprecedented crisis, and we have Sir Iain to thank for that strategic direction. "Most recently the sensitive and effective policing operation put in place following the death of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth provided a fitting tribute. Again, Sir Iain can be rightly proud of the strong and inspiring leadership he provided, which drove forward the whole Police Scotland response. "Sir Iain leaves the second largest force in the UK in great shape as it prepares to mark its tenth anniversary and that is a fitting and lasting legacy to his life of service."   Scottish Secretary Alister Jack thanked Sir Iain for his "long and dedicated service with Police Scotland". He added: "He has played a key role in ensuring the security of the whole of the United Kingdom as part of the UK's police family."  Sir Iain was originally appointed as Acting Chief Constable after Phil Gormley was suspended during an investigation into gross misconduct allegations, which he denied before quitting. The independent Police Investigations and Review Commissioner had received five misconduct referrals regarding Mr Gormley from the SPA. The SNP declined to comment. 