A top Chinese scientist gloated about flying a balloon over the United States four years ago, it has been revealed. The airship engineer Wu Zhe told state media in 2019 that he had sent his "Cloud Chaser" balloon over American skies. The balloon reportedly floated as high as 65,000 feet around most of the planet - four years before US fighter jets shot down the spy balloon off South Carolina's coast on February 4. Mr Wu said the launch of his airship in 2019 was designed to carry out surveillance from the air, monitor pollution and flag early extreme weather warnings, the New York Times reported. A video still from the state media report shows a red line tracking the balloon as it crossed the planet. It can be seen crossing North America near the US-Mexico border before drifting over the Pacific Ocean. In the state media video, Professor Wu reportedly said "look, there's America" as he pointed at the screen with the red line. Revelations of Professor Wu's airship programme have come to light after US fighter jets downed the balloon six miles off the coast of South Carolina. The balloon was first spotted entering Alaskan airspace on January 28, leading Republicans to question why it took Joe Biden so long to order a shoot down.  Three more unidentified flying objects have since been shot down by US pilots since the February 4 spy balloon incident.  The first UFO was downed off Alaska on February 10, with the second downed over Canada just a day later.  The third UFO was shot down over Lake Huron off Michigan on the US-Canada border on February 12. The object first popped upon radar over Montana. The spy balloon incident has lead to a tit-for-tat between Beijing and Washington, with Chinese officials claiming the US flew more than 10 balloons over its airspace in 2022. The Pentagon has denied the Chinese claim.  The US military's northern command on Tuesday revealed it had recovered critical sensors from the Chinese balloon shot down.  The unit said in a statement: "Crews have been able to recover significant debris from the site, including all of the priority sensor and electronics pieces identified as well as large sections of the structure." The US Navy has been searching underwater for all parts of the huge balloon since it was downed 10 days ago.