As the Loose Women panelists discussed which of them considered themselves were "people-pleasers," it led to a revelation from Janet Street-Porter, who admitted ITV co-star Kaye Adams "terrified" her when she first joined the daytime chat show. Never one to shy away from voicing her opinions, Janet immediately took herself out of the people-pleaser category. "Funnily enough, we talked about this before, I would have said I was a bit of a people-pleaser," Kaye, 60, stated. "But you two couldn't stop laughing when I said that." "No, I think you are," Jane Moore, 60, replied, which surprised Kaye. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Chas Dingle to expose Caleb's true identity "Oh, you think I am?" The journalist asked, to which Jane responded: "I totally think you are, yeah." "Do you mean a wet nelly?" the Scottish panelist joked. "No, I think you worry about what people will think of you if you say something that they might not like," Jane explained. "But doesn't everybody?" Kaye questioned before Janet chimed in. "I was terrified about working with Kaye," the 76-year-old remarked. She continued: "When I started on Loose Women and I had to work with Kaye, I thought, 'She's a dragon!'" Reacting to Kaye's surprise, Janet went on: "I mean you are sitting here simpering! "You think you're a people-pleaser - I find it extraordinary. I was terrified of you." DON'T MISS... Better writer warns BBC drama divide viewers with 'complex' character [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale couple ripped apart as beloved star quits [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood looks unrecognisable in throwback BBC Breakfast picture [VIDEO] "You were terrified?" a disbelieving Coleen Nolan, 57, asked her colleague. "I was frightened of Kaye, she was fearless, she was really, really tough," Janet elaborated. "And I had to work out how to work with Kaye, and I adore Kaye and we get on really, really well." Jane commented: "For me, it's not about being bolshy, it's about just being fearless and I think that what you do learn as a journalist when you're an on-the-road reporter - you have to go into so many different situations and you've got to have the confidence to be able to do that." Janet agreed journalists do need to "toughen up" for the job. Another revelation came as Kaye asked: "Do you remember when you had to interview me for a job?" Confessing she didn't, Janet quipped Kaye "can't have made much of an impression". "I didn't make an impression, I'll admit it. I went in, you would have been about 40, I'd have been about 24 and I mean your reputation was incredible. "And you sat there like, 'Yeah, yeah, yeah.' I never heard from you again." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV.