Marjorie Taylor Greene led efforts to disrupt Joe Biden's State of the Union speech for the second year in a row. Greene was spotted ahead of the speech carrying a white balloon similar to the suspected Chinese spy balloon causing an administration a security headache in recent days. The Georgia Representative could be seen booing and jeering Biden as he accused Donald Trump of helping contribute to growing US debt during his administration. Biden said: "Under the previous administration, the American debt went up four years in a row because there was record deficits. No president added more to the national debt in any four years than my predecessor. "Nearly 25 percent of the entire national debt that took over 200 years to accumulate was added by just an administration alone, the last one." The comment sparked a furious reaction from Republicans, who could be heard booing the President and jeering in response to his swipe at Donald Trump. Greene took particular issue with Biden accusing her party of scheming to take the economy "hostage" with their refusal to raise the debt ceiling. JUST IN: 'Did Jill Biden just kiss Kamala's husband on the lips?' Twitter reacts to moment Biden said: "Some of my Republican friends want to take the economy hostage, which I get it, unless I agree with their economic plans. All of you know should know what those plans are." "Instead of making the wealthy pay their fair share, some Republicans, some Republicans want Medicare and Social Security sunset. I'm not saying it's a majority." The Georgia Republican could be heard shouting "liar" at the President as she gave a thumbs-down rating to the speech. Biden reacted with laughter at the booing his second swipe caused, saying: "Well I'm glad - I'll tell ya, I enjoy conversion. "It means if Congress doesn't keep the programs the way they are, they'd go away. Other Republicans say - I'm not saying it's a majority of you… but it's being proposed by an individual." READ MORE: Missing teenager Adriana Davidson found dead at school  "I'm politely not naming them, but it is being proposed by somebody." Greene later released a video comment to the speech in which she once again slammed Biden for his attacks on the Republican Party. She said: "Part of the time we couldn't really understand what he was saying as he was yelling at people. Yelling through the applause and mumbling through his words. "Some of the things we did hear didn't make any sense. Joe Biden claimed to care about the border and fentanyl deaths, which is the number one cause of death in young people aged 18 to 45, but yet he has no plan to secure the border. "And frankly we all know he doesn't care about the border because Joe wants the border wide open. That's the problem with Joe." DON'T MISSKing Charles becomes first monarch to ditch crown on Royal Mail stamp [REVEAL]Turkey hit with over 435 aftershocks as death toll may rise to 20k [UPDATE]Prince George handed ex-POTUS Barack Obama 'slap in face' [INSIGHT] Senator Ted Cruz branded the President's speech as "dishonest" as he hit out at Biden for screaming throughout his delivery. He said: "Joe Biden's State of the Union speech was divisive, angry, out-of-touch, dishonest. "It also reminded me of a guy screaming from his front porch, “Kids, get off my lawn!” Cruz added: "Joe Biden’s spending has fueled inflation, he is soft on crime, and he has pushed abusive policies that have mistreated America’s soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen!" Rep Jim Jordan also hit out at some of the claims the President made during the speech about the state of the economy. Jordan said: "If Joe Biden’s economy’s so good, why do over 70 percent of Americans think our country is on the wrong track?" Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews