Ahead of the third season premiere of Netflix’s critically acclaimed drama series Bridgerton, bosses have reportedly had to make changes after listening to fans' needs. The Bridgerton bosses have promised to boost the number of sex scenes in the new Queen Charlotte spin-off, amid season two’s flaccid effort. It comes after season two faced disapproval from fans due to the lack of sex scenes compared to what aired in the first run of episodes. Season one kicked off with a spicy start thanks to Phoebe Dynevor, who plays Daphne Bridgerton and Simon Basset as Rege-Jean Page, helping the drama’s debut receive record ratings. However, the second run, which premiered last March, left fans wanting more steaminess from stars Jonathan Bailey's Anthony Bridgerton and Simone Ashley's Kate. Now Bridgerton’s newest stars, who appear in the spin-off series called Queen Charlotte, have sworn their love story will finally satisfy viewers’ needs. READ MORE: The Blacklist fans baffled as James Spader fails to return to NBC Based on Queen Charlotte's (India Amarteifio) rise to prominence and power, the Bridgerton prequel tells the story of the young Queen's marriage to King George. Fans will watch how the pair's great love story develops whilst also seeing a societal shift, creating the world of the Ton inherited by the Bridgerton family. Actress India Amarteifio, who’s set to portray young Queen Charlotte, lifted the lid on the spin-off: “They have 15 children… so that’s kind of how it works! I think Bridgeton is known for having beautiful storytelling. "Whether that’s dance scenes, whether that’s bedroom scenes, there’s love in the show and expect to see romance in all its forms." Corey Mylcheest, who will play Queen Charlotte's husband, King George was asked if the prequel will satisfy fans. To fans' delight, King George will in fact be getting fans hot under the collar as he replied: “Very simply, yeah!” He added according to Birmingham Live: “All of those scenes are incredible, they all mean something. They’re all very in tune with progressing a story.” The new series will showcase Queen Charlotte’s backstory as she falls in love with King George. DON'T MISS:Squid Game Gi-hun star drops huge season 2 filming updateVirgin River's Martin Henderson forced to apologise to fans after newsBridgerton star addresses season 2 absence after landing new role The upcoming series will also feature a brand new cast including Golda Rosheuvel as Queen Charlotte, Adjoa Andoh as Lady Danbury and Lady Violet Bridgerton played by Ruth Gemmell. But characters from the usual Bridgerton timeline will feature in flash-forward scenes, including the older Queen and older Lady Danbury. The first series saw Daphne Bridgerton and the Duke of Hastings get down and dirty in a string of exciting sex scenes, including one against a ladder in her family’s library. Anthony Bridgerton (Johnathan Bailey) and Kate Sharma’s (Simone Ashley) love affair in series two, however, wasn't as raunchy with just one saucy moment of intimacy near the finale. A TV insider told The Sun: “Fans made their feelings very clear after the second series - they wanted more ballsy, sexy scenes and less subtle smouldering. It sounds like Netflix and producers Shondaland have listened.” Bridgerton has been streamed for a total of 1.28bn minutes on Netflix, holding the third and fourth places on the platform’s most-watched list. Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are now streaming on Netflix. Season 3 will be available at a later date. Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story premieres on May 4 on Netflix.