The whole of the UK could be blanketed in snow on the first day of March, according to the latest long-range forecast. Weather maps on WXCharts suggest that an eastern Siberian blast could unleash a snowstorm across the country on March 1. According to the forecast, more than one centimetre of snow could fall every hour during the intense weather event. This could see more than 10 centimetres of snow settle across much of the country into the next day, following the 24-hour blast. The March snow dump could see the return of the Beast from the East, as the UK draws in freezing weather from the continent. Earlier this week, Adam Scaife, a long-range forecaster at the Met Office, warned that a sudden stratospheric warming (SSW) could see the winter weather last well into March. Mr Scaife said: “It’s one of the most dramatic events in the atmosphere and causes the winds to collapse." JUST IN: Lancs Police will be questioned over Nicola Bulley alcohol revelation  He added: “That is taking place now and it’s drawing in the colder air from Russia and Siberia. “It means the month of March is at greater risk of easterly winds and colder weather than it otherwise would be.” The SSW in February and March 2018 led to major snowstorms and sub-zero temperatures across the UK. Ahead of the March snow blast, unsettled and chilly weather looks set to dominate the country for the rest of February.  Fierce winds could reach up to 105 kilometres per hour this evening and overnight, according to the latest forecast. The strongest wind will lash northern Scotland on Friday while up to 10 centimetres of snow could blanket parts of Scotland on Saturday. The intense weather has already prompted a yellow weather warning from the Met Office, which has warned that snow and ice could spark travel disruption on Saturday morning. The alert, which will last between 11pm Friday until 9am Saturday, states that journeys along railways and higher-level roads could be impacted by the sudden chill. DON'T MISS: POLL – Should police step in over protests on royal visits? [POLL]Sturgeon's 'woke agenda blew up in her face' as her ratings dropped [REACTION]King Charles ‘won’t have time’ for Coronation peace talks with Harry [LIVE BLOG]  This comes after Storm Otto - the first named storm to hit the UK since Franklin last February - gradually moves away from the UK today. Otto left thousands of homes in Scotland without power and led to travel disruption and school closures. One man in his 50s was seriously injured by a fallen tree in Sheffield. Winds as high as 80mph have been recorded across parts of north and north-east Scotland, with 60 to 75mph elsewhere. 