George Russell has been sent an ominous warning just days before the new season begins with a claim the 25-year-old had an 'easy' first year at Mercedes. After three seasons racing at Williams the British driver was somewhat of a surprise package during 2022 taking seven podiums and one victory - despite driving a problematic Mercedes car. The highlight of an impressive debut season was Russell leading team-mate Lewis Hamilton to a one-two for Mercedes during the Brazilian Grand Prix. A consistent season helped the young Brit to fourth overall in the driver's championship - two places and 35 points ahead of Hamilton. Former F1 world champion Jenson Button was team-mates with Hamilton at McLaren for three years between 2010 and 2012. He expects an intriguing battle between the Mercedes drivers when season begins in Bahrain this weekend. “I think it’s a great fight,” Button told the Telegraph. “You know, they’re both so talented. One has obviously got more world championships than anyone else. But George, you know, he’s just great, he really is, in terms of his driving, in terms of his engineering skills. I think he’s a great talent. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton outlines only reason he could be forced to ditch Mercedes seat   Button made 306 Grand Prix starts taking 50 podiums and 15 victories during a successful career, which included a world championship victory in 2009. The British star had a warning for Russell ahead of his second season with Mercedes. He added: “First year, it’s easy because there’s no real pressure on your shoulders. Nobody expects you to beat Lewis Hamilton. But second year in, it’s like, ‘Now we’re going to see what you can do’. So I’m looking forward to watching that. They’re both hopefully going to be fighting for wins.” DON'T MISS:  However, Mercedes could be behind championship rivals Red Bull and Ferrari after struggling to match the pace of their competitors during pre-season testing in Bahrain last week. The Silver Arrows have decided to stick with the 'zeropod' design from last year's car, although there have been noticeable tweaks. Team principal Toto Wolff has already admitted that the team are willing to scrap the 'zeropod' design for a more conventional style fitting with the rest of the grid. The true pace of the Mercedes W14 will be apparent at this weekend's season opening Bahrain Grand Prix. 