Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) recently found out that Justin Rutherford (Andrew Still) is working for a new delivery company and managed to get her phone number from a package of hers. Jenny Connor (Sally-Ann Mattthes) suggested turning off her phone and taking a break from her social media for a little bit, which was met with more anger from Daisy. However, official Coronation Street spoilers reveal that things start to take a nasty turn and Daisy is willing to put up the fight to get her life back on track. In upcoming scenes, the catering company Daisy is working with for her wedding advises her they are sending some wedding cake samples for her approval. At No.1, Daisy, Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), Ken Barlow (William Roache), Jenny and Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) get together for the cake tasting. However, the day is ruined when Justin delivers the samples, leaving Daisy stunned when she opens the door. Not happy with Justin continuing to bombard Daisy's life, Daniel contacts Justin's delivery firm to explain the situation, but they refuse to take action against him without proof. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise actor pays tribute to ‘extraordinary’ Kris Marshall Aside from trying to look out for his bride-to-be, Daniel also admits to Ken that he is worried about Justin also being a risk to Bertie Osbourne (Rufus Morgan-Smith). Wanting to support his son, Ken promises that they will band together as a family to support Daisy and get Justin gone for good. Justin has proven that he will go to any length to try and get close to Daisy, and still feels like she will soon realise Daniel isn't the one and wants to be with him. The constant rejection from Daisy could have devastating repercussions for the family if Justin still feels like Daniel is the object in the way. Could Justin take his obsession one step further and put Bertie's life in danger to seek revenge on Daisy and Daniel? If Justin takes Bertie, will the police finally see that Justin's intentions aren't that of an innocent man fancying a girl? Later, Daisy takes another blow when her hair stylist cancels her wedding booking, leaving Jenny to suggest using Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon), but Daisy brands her old and out of touch. Maria overhears the comments made by Daisy and is offended, but as the barmaid needs a stylist for her big day, Daisy later apologises to Maria. DON'T MISS...Richard E Grant left in tears during BAFTAs following death of wife [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife stars detail 'heart-stopping' wardrobe malfunction [LATEST]EastEnders fans 'work out' Nish Panesar killed after cufflink clue  [WATCH] During their conversation, her phone pings repeatedly, but she gets upset after trying to ignore it. Softening and knowing how she is feeling after being in a similar position, Maria opens up to Daisy about her ordeal with a stalker. On Maria’s advice to go back to the police, Daisy tells Jenny that she’s been granted a hearing for a Stalking Protection Order next week. Will the Stalking Protection Order be enough to keep Justin away from Daisy for good? In the run-up to her wedding day, Daisy is soon set to have corrosive liquid hurled at her by Justin, leaving her devastated and heartbroken. A soap insider recently told The Mirror: "In the weeks to come, Justin’s fixation with Daisy will build and build until finally he confronts her in the Rovers – and throws acid at her. “It is a truly horrifying scene that will leave viewers stunned. Bosses felt it was an important topic to highlight, but great care has been taken to make sure it’s handled sensitively. “They’ve been working with a number of research partners who have offered their expertise.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.