Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William spend most of their time in London between Windsor Castle and their former family home, Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace. While it remains their official residence, the couple is known to frequent their other homes in the countryside - including Anmer Hall. The Norfolk mansion has served as a popular holiday retreat in the past, offering impressive views both in and around it. Dating back to the 18th century, Anmer Hall was bought by Queen Victoria as part of the Sandringham Estate in 1862. In 2013, Kate and William were gifted the property by Queen Elizabeth II as a sentiment following their wedding in April 2011. While the quintessential British mansion is now favoured as a holiday spot enjoyed by the Royal Family over Easter and Christmas, the then Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, along with their three children, previously enjoyed the stunning views of the estate on a daily basis. Throughout 2020 during the height of the pandemic lockdown, the family of five lived at Anmer Hall full-time and spent many months enjoying the sprawling countryside that surrounds the homely estate. READ MORE: Meghan 'upset' Palace is 'only fighting for Harry' to go to Coronation Kate and William are yet to pay a visit to their homely retreat in 2023 but there is no doubt that they will enjoy a break there in spring or summer. The charming Georgian property boasts a red brick exterior with period features - including wood-frame doorways and white sash windows. Black lamps and potted plants adorn the front of the building which is lined with luscious green lawns and a neat driveway for the Range Rovers. As part of the famous Sandringham Estate which was loved by Queen Elizabeth II, the property looks pristine all year round - though it is best enjoyed in the warmer months. DON'T MISS...Queen Letizia channels Kate in pink but some say 'looks like a robe' [STYLE]Kate inspires Sweden's future Queen with her houndstooth style [ANALYSIS]Kate and William to go head-to-head at Wales vs England rugby game [LATEST] The country retreat comes to life in spring and summer when the fragrant lavender shrubs that surround the home are at their best. On a sunny day, the light peaks through the tall trees in the private gardens which have been the backdrop of many fond memories made by Kate, William and their young children. In his book, A Royal Life, Anmer Hall's former royal resident the Duke of Kent revealed that he was pleased to move on and see a new generation of Windsor's make their mark on the charming home. He said: "It was a lovely house, a perfect family home. It was too big really, but it was ideal for three children - it had a lot of space, a lovely garden, and it sits in quite a large park." READ MORE: Clever reason Kate Middleton chooses roll neck jumpers as her 'go-to' The Duke's daughter, Lady Helen Taylor, loved the family home just as much, explaining: "We loved Anmer deeply. I was at school in London and we used to get the train up to Norfolk on Friday nights. "Anmer was heaven to grow up in, so I'm glad it's in good hands now. We were very lucky to live there." Aside from the climbing frames, a climbing wall, swings, and a pond that are loved by the children, the 10-bedroom mansion has a lot to offer inside too. Inside, the decor champions ivory and beige tones though the main living room is more adventurous with bold colours. Unlike the popular gold and red interiors found in many royal residences, the space features olive green walls decorated with dark, carved wooden cabinets. Described as "up to date" and "on-trend" by Steph Briggs, Celebrity TV Interior Designer and Co-Founder of La Di Da Interiors, Anmer Hall is rumoured to have been redesigned by Kate herself. With the help of the renowned architect and designer Ben Pentreath, Steph explained that the Duchess had created a space "very much in her personal style of modern classic". Despite its age, the 18th-century property combines historic features in both its art and design while channelling the muted Nordic style found in many contemporary homes. The regal mansion was last renovated in 2015 for the sum of £1.5million and is yet to undergo another major refurbishment.