Data from the Driver and Vehicles Standards Agency (DVSA) suggests that there are around 10 million motorists aged 70 and above in the United Kingdom. This number will continue to increase in the future, with the research showing that the number of driving tests taken by those aged 50 and older has increased by 259 percent in the last year. Around 3.5 times as many tests were taken by this age group in the 2021 to 2022 period than in the previous 12 months. A recent survey from Forbes Advisor found that over 75 percent of motorists believe drivers over the age of 70 should take regular and mandatory “fit to drive” tests in order to keep their licence. A further 51 percent of road users thought all drivers should have to surrender their licence altogether - regardless of their health and fitness - once they reach an advanced age. Almost one in eight survey respondents believe a licence should be taken away at some point in a person’s early 80s. READ MORE: King Charles drives an Aston Martin which 'runs on wine and cheese' That idea, perhaps unsurprisingly, was less popular with people in older age brackets - more than half (55 percent) of over-70s asked said no such law should be introduced, although a third said it was a good idea. A recent study, conducted in Japan, found that car crash rates fell by 14 percent when elderly drivers had to do mandatory cognitive tests. In Japan, a rule was enacted in 2017 which required all people over 85 years old to do a cognition test every five years in order to keep their licence. Within two years, the country saw a drop in car accidents among older adults by almost 4,000. DON'T MISSULEZ scrappage scheme needs reforms to protect at-risk drivers [INSIGHT]Millions of drivers at risk of fines from common fuel error [WARNING]The Beatles' iconic Minis to be reunited after 55 years [INCREDIBLE] However, injuries among over-75s on bicycles and pavements rose, as a result of a higher proportion of people not driving. The tests involve assessing a driver’s memory by getting them to recall illustrations, as well as their perception of time. Drivers can receive results which show they may have a “risk of dementia” or “have no risk of dementia”, according to MailOnline. Dr Haruhiko Inada, a post-doctoral fellow at Johns Hopkins University, who led the study, commented on the results. READ MORE: Little-known driving law may lead to a £5,000 fine - warning They said: “Since around 2017, the number of older drivers who voluntarily surrendered their licenses has sharply increased for unclear reasons, especially in the oldest age groups, which might have contributed to crash reduction. “Cognitively screening older drivers at license renewal and promoting voluntary surrender of licenses may prevent motor vehicle collisions. “Safety measures need to be strengthened for older cyclists and pedestrians. “We should also provide older people with necessary care to prepare for driving cessation and safe, alternative transport means.” Elderly motorists in the UK have to renew their licence every three years once they reach the age of 70. Motorists who do not renew their licence once they have passed their 70th birthday will no longer be able to legally operate a vehicle and will be committing a serious offence if they continue driving. The DVLA will send people a D46P application form to their registered address around 90 days before they turn 70. Paper copies of the form can also be obtained from the Post Office if a driver does not receive one through the post. Drivers can also fill out the form online using the DVLA website and can do so from the beginning of the 90-day period.