Newcastle United star Allan Saint-Maximin once refused to play for Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira while at Nice while he has also compared himself to Sadio Mane in the past. The Frenchman has found his game time somewhat limited at St James’ Park this season and has been linked with a move away as a result, with AC Milan among the clubs believed to be interested. Saint-Maximin quickly became a fans' favourite in the north-east after a series of exciting performances following his arrival from Nice in 2019. The Newcastle faithful immediately took to his direct and skilful style of play and he became something of a talisman under Steve Bruce. However, he has found his minutes limited since the arrival of Eddie Howe with injuries coinciding with Joelinton, Miguel Almiron and Joe Willock hitting top form. He has made 19 appearances in all competitions this season with 13 of those coming from the bench. Saint-Maximin has been linked with a move away as a result with AC Milan among the teams believed to be interested. The 25-year-old has already enjoyed a varied career and was previously linked with the Italian giants while at Nice. The interest is believe to have turned his head and he refused to play for Patrick Vieira at the time. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover: Key figures 'jealous of Tottenham' as Qatar lead race Saint-Maximin withdrew himself on the morning of a game after suggesting he was ill according to Get Football News France. However, the club later revealed that the player was not in fact sick and had “refused to comply with his obligations to be seen by the club’s medical staff in order to be judged fit/unfit to travel at the scheduled meeting time.” When asked to comment on the issue, now-Crystal Palace boss Vieira said: “He decided that he was ill, yes. He didn’t have a fever, he didn’t have anything. Well… he wasn’t ill. What disappoints me is that he didn’t make the journey… It was his decision, not the doctor’s or the manager’s.” He eventually returned to the side but faced the ire of Vieira again later in the season when he skipped a training session, with the Arsenal legend stating that the player needed to be prepared to suffer. DON'T MISSChelsea embarrassed as three stars flop vs Dortmund to pile pressure on PotterAguero addresses 'internal problems' at Man City after Guardiola axed De BruyneChelsea told they've signed a new Fabregas as key quality pointed out Saint-Maximin has also made some bizarre comments in the past, most notably regarding Mane. He suggested he was not jealous of the ability that the Bayern Munich star had as he would be able to replicate it alongside better players. "Those who have played with me know very well that in terms of pure quality, I have nothing to envy to Sadio Mané. The day when I have a player capable of finishing the actions, I will make seasons with 10-15 assists, and I will change dimension in the people's heads," he told So Foot magazine in 2022. "Doing things that make an impression, changing the rules, that's the goal. Like what Michael Jordan managed to do. Jordan, he changed some people's lives, he gave people work, and that's the beauty of it." It is fair to say Saint-Maximin has enjoyed a wild and varied career so far and it remains to be seen what it could have in store in the future.