Rafael Nadal’s hopes in the Grand Slam race could be under threat as Carlos Alcaraz has set his sights on winning the French Open. The 19-year-old has already mirrored parts of Nadal’s early career and is now hoping to follow in the 14-time French Open champion’s footsteps by making waves on the Parisian clay this year. Nadal and Novak Djokovic are all square in the men’s singles Grand Slam race with 22 each, and the Spaniard has the chance to pull ahead at the French Open as the early favourite for the clay-court Major given his record at Roland Garros with 14 titles and just three losses to his name. But the world No 6 could have his hopes of making history threatened by Alcaraz following a new revelation from the teen’s coach. Retired former world No 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero revealed that his charge wants to make a statement on the clay this year with the French Open his key goal, putting Nadal’s hopes of a 15th title into doubt. “He is very young, he still has many goals to achieve in his career,” Ferrero told Clay Tenis. “Roland Garros, for example, is a very clear goal for Carlos, as well as being more regular in the clay-court season.” Alcaraz has already been compared to Nadal and will be trying to follow his compatriot by lifting the French Open title. JUST IN: Djokovic was 'nervous' about boos but tough year down to 'own choice'   The world No 2’s career has followed a similar trajectory to the 36-year-old’s so far, as Alcaraz became the first teenage Grand Slam champion since Nadal in 2005 when he won last year’s US Open. The 19-year-old also won the Barcelona Open and subsequently broke into the world’s top 10 exactly 17 years to the day that Nadal achieved both feats, becoming the youngest man in the top 10 since his fellow Spaniard. The French Open will mark Alcaraz’s first Major tournament since becoming a Grand Slam champion himself, as he was forced to pull out of the Australian Open after picking up a fresh injury in pre-season training. The 19-year-old is currently playing his first tournament in more than three months as he also tore an ab muscle during November’s Paris Masters before the leg issue further delayed his comeback. He will then head to next week’s Rio Open as the defending champion and plays the Acapulco ATP 500 the week after before heading to America for the Indian Wells and Miami Masters. Alcaraz is also the reigning champion in Miami, and Ferrero said his charge had his eyes on the other tournament in the ‘sunshine double’ series this time around. DON'T MISSDominic Thiem backtracks after snubbing Federer for Djokovic and NadalEmma Raducanu labelled 'lucky' for Murray influence on next generationAndy Murray takes family to Dubai as Brit prepares for tennis return “It is a tournament that he would like to win, there are several,” Ferrero said of Indian Wells. Although Alcaraz was hoping to stop the likes of Nadal from winning this year’s big titles, his coach admitted that the Spaniard and Novak Djokovic would be tough competition. “I always repeat that he still has many things to improve, but Djokovic and Rafa are going to make it very difficult for him, just like other players,” he added. And Ferrero also tried to take the pressure off Alcaraz, saying: “Talking about tournaments and successes is hasty, it puts a little pressure on him. “He knows he doesn't have to, even though he is one of the great favourites and has the level to aspire to them. It is very difficult to today define what would be a success this season, but the basic thing is that you are happy with yourself, with the work done, that you can give 100 per cent the greatest number of weeks. Winning tournaments is not an obligation, it is the consequence of everything the above." 