I know that Daily Express readers will be utterly fed up with those minority of teachers, whose starting salary we are raising to £30,000, walking out on pupils by repeated strike action. Of course, it’s hugely welcome that thanks to the valiant efforts of hundreds of head teachers and the majority of teachers who did not strike, under nine percent of schools actually closed yesterday, with over half fully open. But every child who suffers a day of lost learning is a child too many. Yet we are trying hard and have already increased funding where possible to a point where our teachers are some of the best paid in Europe. All teachers have received a minimum five percent increase to their pay, with uplifts of up to 8.9 percent among early careers teachers to help reach our £30,000 starting salary commitment. We expect that this year, 40 percent of classroom teachers will receive pay rises through progression or promotion – worth almost 16 percent – and this is on top of other benefits, such as their 23.6 percent employer-contributing pension which is also taxpayer-funded. We are ready to resolve these disputes, but we must do it in a way that is affordable and fair for all. While negotiations continue, we also have a duty to protect the public and their access to essential services. While we protect the right to strike, we are bringing forward sensible laws to ensure if you have a serious injury, a heart attack, or your house is on fire, the emergency services will respond. Our minimum safety levels bill will ensure that anyone who needs access to essential and life-saving services will always get them. This brings us in line with other European countries and it also brings us in line with the wishes of the majority of the British people. This is a safety net for the public during periods of union action. I firmly believe you shouldn’t end up as collateral damage when workers opt to strike. And while we plan for the worst, we continue to talk and work towards a negotiated settlement that is in all our interests. Kevin Hollinrake is the Member of Parliament for Thirsk and Malton and has been as Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Enterprise, Markets and Small Business since October 2022.