A Republican official in Washington has announced they will snub Joe Biden's State of the Union address tonight. Illinois Representative Mary Miller, a member of the Grand Old Party's (GOP) Freedom Caucus, also slammed the 46th POTUS for "damaging" America.  The 63-year-old said in a statement: "Joe Biden’s presidency has been filled with lie after lie, especially lies about the border being secure, inflation being temporary, and the DOJ targeting parents for attending school board meetings." Ms Miller added: "I will not be attending Biden’s State of the Union to listen to him lie about the damage he has caused to our country while the left-wing media and members of Congress applaud his lies." Miller could be joined by other Republicans in snubbing Biden's State of the Union address. Several GOP lawmakers boycotted then-POTUS Bill Clinton's address in 1999 as the former Arkansas Governor was facing an impeachment trial in the Senate over his affair with Monica Lewinsky. JUST IN: Haley knows Trump 'weaknesses' as ex-POTUS prepares to pick off 2024 rivals 'one-by-one'  Democrats refused to attend Donald Trump's State of the Union address, including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ayanna Presley in 2020. Former 2016 candidate for Republican nominee Marco Rubio joined other GOP politicians in skipping Biden's address last March. However, the State of the Union address has been known to pull up theatrical moments in recent years. During the height of the Watergate Scandal, 37th POTUS Richard Nixon accidentally said: "We must replace the discredited President." READ MORE: Inside Trump 2024 launch: MAGA base ‘reinvigorated’ but 'loss of mojo' gives DeSantis hope  His successor Gerald Ford even described the State of the Union address, which is often seen as a moment for the Commander-in-Chief to tout their successes, as "not good". In more recent years, Barack Obama was called a liar by heckling Representative Joe Wilson and GOP hardliner Lauren Boebert was booed after interrupting Biden to voice concern about the US withdrawal from Afghanistan. Former Speaker Nancy Pelosi perhaps claims the title for the most shocking moment when she ripped Trump's 2020 speech to pieces after the ex-POTUS refused to shake her hand. However, a Democrat strategist has claimed the State of the Union address is less significant due to such moments. DON'T MISS:Trump slams 'disloyal' DeSantis as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign [SPOTLIGHT]Trump 'promising things he can't deliver' as GOP insider predicts loss [REVEALED]Trump warns US on 'brink' of WW3 as ex-POTUS hits campaign trail in SC [INSIGHT]  Leslie Marshall, who regularly appears on US TV, told Express.co.uk: "The State of the Union is always important but I think some Americans have become apathetic to it because it's become predictable and almost like a circus. "I'm not saying Joe Biden is leading the circus, I'm saying just the political climate we have in general. "The American people know the drill, they know the game and that's why less and less people sadly tune in as generations go by." 