The Blacklist took viewers by storm when it first premiered in 2013, led by James Spader fans were often left on the edge of their seats as the crime drama took thrilling twists. Sadly the long-running series will soon end following the release of season 10. Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) will officially be hanging up his hat for good. The mysterious criminal has kept fans entertained as he worked alongside the skilled FBI task force to bring down other most wanted criminals. As fans eagerly await the release of season 10, the network revealed the show would come to an end after the final instalment premieres on February 26. Thousands of heartbroken fans took to social media with upset, while others pleaded with NBC to overturn their decision. READ MORE: Gloria Hunniford gives health update after being rushed to hospital @Brightonfan tweeted: “My favourite show is ending, what am I going to do without Reddington in my life after series 10. I am not crying!!!” In disbelief, @Syd_Valde added: “This CAN’T be the end!!” An emotional @EatosRafael wrote: “I'm gonna cry after 10 years it's coming to an end.” A fourth fan @Resslerette1 shared: “DARN IT!!! Now I'm crying!!! Can't wait for an incredible, amazing Season 10!” While many fans were upset, others felt season 10 was the perfect time for The Blacklist to end. @jhiggins2987 stated: “As much as I'll miss #TheBlacklist, this feels right. Can't wait to see where this final season takes this long, sprawling journey." While @xmenmcvoy added: “FINALE???? even tho I expected this announcement made me feel so sad wtf.” Addressing the show’s cancellation, Lisa Katz, president of scripted content at NBCUniversal Television and Streaming stated: “It isn’t often that a series resonates so deeply with an audience that it airs for 10 seasons. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan shut down as huge row erupts over 'failure' of Brexit [INSIGHT]The Blacklist’s Megan Boone returns to Instagram with ‘exciting news' [INSIGHT]The Blacklist casts Grey’s Anatomy star for season 10 [INSIGHT]  “But The Blacklist proved to be a perfect combination of highly talented producers, stellar writing, a cast that never failed to deliver and a crew that always rose to the occasion. “A huge thank you to our partners at Sony, everyone from the past decade who made this show an integral part of NBC’s storied history. “And, of course, a special nod to James Spader, whose performance remains nothing short of spectacular.” Showrunner John Eisendrath also bid farewell to The Blacklist and thanked fans for their support.     In a statement, he disclosed: “After 10 years, hundreds of Blacklist cases and more than 200 episodes produced, we’re honored to reach our conclusion. “It’s been incredibly fun to create the strange, devious and delightful Blacklisters to challenge Raymond Reddington and our FBI Task Force each week. “We would like to thank everyone at NBC and Sony, our extraordinary crew who make the impossible happen every day, our endlessly inventive writers and producers, and our remarkable cast who brought life to these characters. “We appreciate our dedicated fanbase who came along for this wonderful ride and are excited to share this final season with them.” The Blacklist season 10 premieres Sunday, February 26. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 