Admiral Holace Kilbride (played by Gerald McRaney) has been stepping into the authority figure's shoes while Operations Manager Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) has been less hands-on. While he has been there for all the agents in different ways, little is actually known about his own private life. So fans will be excited to learn more about the Admiral's background in NCIS Los Angeles over the next coming weeks as well as the actor playing him. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.Actor McRaney has been appearing in NCIS Los Angeles since season six, coming back as a guest star from time to time. But it wasn't until season 10 he became more of a recurring character, keeping a watchful eye over the agents on behalf of Hetty. With the Operations Manager still taking a backseat, Admiral Kilbride is there to give advice both as their boss and as a kind of fatherly figure. So it's no wonder fans have warmed to the character with every passing season. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore NCIS Los Angeles actor Gerald McRaney was born on August 19, 1947, which means he is now 75 years old. McRaney doesn't have any social media, so it's not clear how he celebrated the major milestone last year. But it is assumed he would have spent it with his three children and his wife and former Designing Women actress, 66-year-old Delta Burke. He is one of the eldest in the NCIS Los Angeles cast but not quite as old as everyone's favourite Operations Manager. Hetty Lange, who is played by actress Hunt, was born in 1945, which makes the star 77 years old. She will be marking her 78th birthday in a few months' time on April 2. In terms of the other cast members, the next oldest on set is Sam Hanna star LL Cool J at 55, followed by Callen actor Chris O'Donnell who is 52. The youngest stars of the CBS series, on the other hand, are the newbies, Agent Devin Roundtree actor Caleb Castille who is 32 and Fatima Namazi actress Medalion Rahimi who is just 30. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt sparks uproar as BBC fans blast 'biased' interview  [REACTION]NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star pays tribute to 'most talented' co-star [TRIBUTE]NCIS Hawaii season 2 won't return to CBS next week in schedule change [EXPLAINER] Kilbride's ex-wife Elizabeth (Marliu Henner) is going to be introduced in an upcoming episode. She will return to try and convince him to reconnect with his estranged son after years of radio silence. So far, it isn't known how the Admiral is going to react to her presence and the idea of speaking to their son again. But it has already been confirmed Alex (Christopher Gorham) will feature as part of a "rocky reunion" between the pair. The Admiral is concerned Alex hates him as he put his career before family life when he was growing up. Alex will appear in A Farewell to Arms which is going to air on Sunday, February 26. Actor Christopher Gorham has been in Ugly Betty, Felicity, Harper's Island, Covert Affairs and Once Upon a Time. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.