To mark the one-year anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Susanna Reid will be heading to Kyiv. She will be speaking to families who have been affected by the conflict, including a dance teacher who now runs classes online. Susanna's absence from the Good Morning Britain studio next week was confirmed by Ed Balls and Ranvir Singh. Ed explained: "On Monday, Susanna is going to be in Kyiv for the anniversary week of the war. "Monday and Tuesday she's going to be talking to lots of people in Kyiv about what is happening in there and their reaction." Ranvir cut in: "The reality of there. It's sort of creating, you have to sort of normalise the air raid sirens and normalise life there while it's a completely extraordinary and terrifying situation. READ MORE: Loose Women viewers fume 'get her off' at Jane Moore "Of course, for the family living with you, the father, did he stay on to help fight?" Ed explained he has two dance champions living at his home as he hosts Ukrainian families who fled the war. "Susanna’s going to be with lots of different guests, but specifically, she’s going to be with a dance teacher who is the teacher of the two under-12 dance champions," he shared. "They have been living with us… since last April. There’re two families. "They partly do their dance lessons on Zoom back to Kyiv from our kitchen but Katya has also helped connect them to dance teachers in Manchester. "She’s seen them dance, given them tips and encouragement." Susanna has yet to comment on her trip to Ukraine but it's likely she may meet up with GMB reporter Richard Gaisford who has been presenting from the front line. On Friday, he updated viewers on the latest news from the war as Ukraine's President Zelensky has ruled out giving up any territory to Vladimir Putin in a potential peace deal. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid and Denise Welch lead pleas to find missing 13-year-old [LATEST]Susanna Reid 'offered new shows' after confronting GMB bosses [UPDATE]Susanna Reid turns heads in low-cut look after 'confronting' GMB staff [PICTURES] "He believes Ukraine can hold on but is once again asking for more arms and more ammunition," Richard explained. "It is a familiar refrain and this too, an all too familiar sight," he continued as he looked at a damaged home behind him. "Yesterday 36 Russians missiles were fired into Ukraine. Now, air defences destroyed half of them. "But you can see in Pavlohrad what happens when they landed. Sadly, a lady, 80-years-old, died in the house behind me here. "This neighbourhood suffered really bad destruction and people now living without homes or severely damaged homes in really inhospitable conditions." Susanna has been absent from Good Morning Britain this week due to the half-term holidays. She regularly takes a break from the news programme when school holidays take place. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.