Red Bull and Mercedes agree that Ferrari is struggling with two issues after day one of pre-season testing. Ferrari were among the pacesetters on the opening day of testing with Carlos Sainz just four-tenths slower than Max Verstappen. However, the team's two biggest rivals feel the Scuderia is suffering from tyre degradation after early running in Bahrain. The squads noticed that tyre wear was particularly high on longer runs in what could be a major blow to the Italian marque. Ferrari appeared to struggle with tyre wear compared to Red Bull over the second half of the season last year. According to Auto Motor und Sport from GP Blog, Mercedes and Red Bull also noted that Ferrari appeared to be suffering from an unstable car. The two constructors were not the only ones to notice the issues with Anthony Davidsson claiming the team had struggled with some bouncing. The Ex-Mercedes reserve driver stressed he noticed “an awful lot of porpoising” as the team explored the limits. READ MORE: Ferrari boss speaks out on FIA president's position as tensions rise Carlos Sainz was spotted bottoming out on the exit of turn 12 suggesting the team could be suffering from similar bouncing issues which plagued Mercedes last year. Davidson told Sky Sports F1: “Maybe they are just starting to sneak the car down. You see the bouncing through turn 12. “Sparking away there at the rear. They are starting to test things by dropping the car lower and lower. Porpoising, bouncing hasn't gone away this year. It will always be a problem, with a ground effects car it will also be a problem.” Red Bull chief Helmut Marko admitted he was surprised that Ferrari was still struggling with the problem. However new Ferrari team principal Frederic Vasseur played down the issues and blamed the phenomenon on the circuit. DON'T MISSSergio Perez admits Red Bull have pre-season 'problems' [COMMENT]Ferrari hit with double blow as similar Lewis Hamilton issues raised [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen shares Ferrari, McLaren wish and talks Hamilton rivalry [INSIGHT] He said: “It's not at all like it was one year ago when it bounced like a kangaroo. We have some parts of the track that are a bit more bumpy than before, especially turn one. It's a different issue. “For now the most important thing is to gain mileage, and so far everything is going according to plan.” Ferrari also suffered from a bizarre issue yesterday morning as a “dimple” appeared on the front nose. The team confirmed it was “not intended” and that they were working on a fix for the problem.