Last week saw the dramatic Casa Amor recouping where the original islanders decided whether to stick or switch from their Love Island match. Although ITV viewers saw Claudia and Casey choose to stay together, many believe the couple has quit the show. With Claudia entering the South African villa shortly before the girls left for Casa Amor, viewers were curious as to whether or not she’d remain loyal to her partner Casey. As she decided not to entertain any of the new boys in the other villa, the same couldn't be said for Casey who shared a kiss with Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo and Sanam Harrinanan. However, after reflecting on their time apart, the recruitment consultant opted to stay with Claudia at the recoupling with her also picking to remain with him. Although during Monday night’s episode, some eagle-eyed fans think the couple have left the villa as they were rarely seen on-screen.  READ MORE:Denise Welch blasts 'disgraceful' remarks about missing Nicola Bulley  83VickiB questioned: “Are Claudia Casey and Maxwell playing hide and seek this episode #loveIsland [sic]” Halvedemi added: “Have Casey and Claudia gone home or something? I haven't seen them ONCE??” Becca35860603 said: “Where is Casey this fine evening #loveIsland." AnonyTruthhh commented: “Wait - where the f**k have Casey and Claudia been."   Yxnessa tweeted: “I forgot that Casey and Claudia are still in the villa, camera time decreased.” Doorbellingham slammed: “Casey really messed up by coupling with Claudia because last week he was literally the most popular guy, and now I completely forgot he’s even in the villa #loveisland." During the couple’s Casa Amor recoupling, Claudia’s famous dad Carl Fogarty broke his silence on his daughter appearing on the Love Island dating show as he filmed his reaction. The footage, which was shown on the spin-off show After Sun, featured Claudia’s family all gathered around to watch the dramatic episode.  DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford fumes over 'dangerous' Roald Dahl changes [VIDEO] BBC viewers beg Sally Nugent to 'calm down' over 'aggressive' grilling [REACTION] Coronation Street star details importance of non-consensual sex story [SOAP]  With a straight face, the former motorcycle racer could be heard saying: “Pick her, I know you want to.” As Casey told host Maya Jama he was sticking with Claudia, her family were visibly relieved as Carl put his fist in the air to celebrate. However, her mum had some words of warning as she commented Casey couldn’t mess around with Claudia anymore and needed to stay loyal. Ahead of entering the Love Island villa, the 28-year-old revealed her dad was excited she was taking part in the popular dating show.  She said: “He was really for it. My dad said he was really proud and to take the opportunity to find someone that’s not a d***head. “That’s exactly what he said to me. "Absolutely no sex on TV he said. He hasn’t really watched it before so it’s going to be a bit of a shock. I just said get a blindfold on, shut your eyes, and if you don’t like it, turn it off." Love Island continues weekdays on ITV2 from 9pm 