Kelly Brook, 43, was killed off Midsomer Murders in 2018 after just 60 seconds on screen. The radio presenter has now spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about how she felt about her early exit and whether she would have continued in the show. Kelly played Laurel in the episode, Death Us Do Part, where she took on the role of a bride who is killed on her big day. The actress came to her early death just a minute in, after previously calling the long-running drama her "favourite" show. Express.co.uk asked Kelly about her swift departure and if she'd wanted to enjoy some more screen time. She admitted: "I always knew I wasn't going to be on the show for longer, I had read the script it was fine. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer after comment on show "It was a fun little cameo episode and yeah, someone had to die and it was me. It's fine. "The whole point of Midsomer Murders is that somebody has to be murdered so that needs to happen at the start of the episode." Kelly was also asked whether she would do a show like that again but shared her favour for her radio career. The former glamour model said: "Well I've done a few shows like that. I did Miss Marple, which was really cool, I really enjoyed that. "I do enjoy TV shows but at the moment I'm enjoying working on the radio. "I just love being at home and with acting, you're kind of on the road." Kelly regularly dominated newspapers during her Page Three career and had a number of high-profile relationships. She now prefers to live a "peaceful" life with her husband, Jeremy Parisi, whom she married last July. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Nadiya Bychkova goes braless in show-stopping silk gown [PICS] Orlando Bloom addresses ‘challenging’ romance with Katy Perry [RELATIONSHIP] Carol Vorderman recalls her 'wild' time with Raquel Welch [TRIBUTE] Kelly admitted: "I'm enjoying not being followed by paparazzi and not being scrutinised. "All the time you are dating guys in the public eye, doing TV shows like Celebrity Juice, you're on primetime TV so there is always an element of scrutiny. "I made a conscious choice to move into garden broadcasting and radio as it brought me a lot of peace. "Also my partner isn't really bothered about being in the public eye. "He doesn't like having his picture taken when we are on holiday and stuff, so it's good I've moved away!" Kelly has meanwhile partnered with SlimFast and has made a Fakeaway recipes line with them, helping others eat well for 600 calories or less. Speaking about her latest venture, she said: "It is something we wanted to do to celebrate my 1000th day on the SlimFast journey. "We are saying to everyone, look, if you want a takeaway you don't have to reach for those calorific takeaways that you've been used to, this is a much healthier alternative!" Kelly has created a series of new SlimFast Fakeaway recipes so that people can enjoy their favourite tasty menu classics for 600 calories or less. You can enjoy each dish as part of the SlimFast 3.2.1. Plan and still lose or maintain a healthy weight. For more information visit SlimFast's website