Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been boosted by the return of several injured stars ahead of Monday’s clash with Everton. Diogo Jota is in line to feature for the first time in four months in the Merseyside derby. Goalkeeper: Alisson Allison is undoubtedly Liverpool’s No 1 goalkeeper. The Brazilian has been unfortunate to play behind a forever-changing back four in recent months and will be desperate to keep a clean sheet at Anfield. Defenders: Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joel Matip, Joe Gomez, Andy Robertson Virgil van Dijk has returned to training following his hamstring injury but will not be fit to play against Everton. Klopp will therefore have no choice but to turn to Joel Matip and Joe Gomez. Their centre-back pairing were woeful in last weekend’s 3-0 defeat by Wolves. They could have their work cut out against a resurgent Everton team, who are looking to build on a shock win against Arsenal. Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson both need to step up. Neither Liverpool full-back has recorded an assist since Alexander-Arnold’s cross for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the 3-1 defeat by Brentford on January 2. JUST IN: Liverpool owners FSG to give Jurgen Klopp 'significant resources' Midfielders: Jordan Henderson, Stefan Bajcetic, Naby Keita Just when Klopp thought he was getting injured players back, the German suffered yet another setback in midweek. Thiago Alcantara will miss the next four weeks after picking up a hip injury in midweek. That will leave Klopp with even fewer midfield options than he already had. Jordan Henderson has struggled for form, while Naby Keita looks set to leave Liverpool once his contract expires at the end of June. The exciting 18-year-old Stefan Bajcetic has been a rare highlight in the middle of the pitch. The Spaniard has kept out Fabinho, whose own form has been a shadow of the Brazilian’s former self. DON'T MISS...Pep Guardiola claims Steven Gerrard slip is 'Man City's fault'Liverpool ace Cody Gakpo makes worrying comment after Van Dijk chatLiverpool, Man City and Newcastle 'interested' in Daichi Kamada Attackers: Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Cody Gakpo Liverpool have been buoyed by the return of Jota this week. The Portugal star has been missing with a serious knee injury since being stretchered off in the 1-0 win over Manchester City in October. Jota missed the World Cup but, four months on from that game at Anfield, is now ready to return. Klopp could decide to throw the 26-year-old straight into the chaos of a Merseyside derby. But given the nature of the injury Jota was nursing, Klopp might prefer to not risk further issues. Mohamed Salah is a certain starter, while Darwin Nunez continues to divide opinion. The Uruguayan might start with January arrival Cody Gakpo making up the front three.