The families of three men who were killed in a tragic crash have revealed their heartbreak as a police investigation continues. The fatal crash on Monday, February 13, in Decoy Drive, Eastbourne, killed Daniel Davis, 21, Jonny Day, 32 and Jon 'Tommy' Miller, 36. All three men, who were from Berkshire, were declared dead at the scene. Jon 'Tommy' Miller's family described him as a "hero", as his kidney had been donated to his sister and had "saved her life." The family said: "We as a family would like to pay tribute to our dear brother who has sadly left us. Our hearts are broken. "Our Tommy was truly one of a kind - he was funny, smart and had the biggest heart. He was loved by so many and he impacted everyone who knew him. “Tommy donated his kidney to his sister which saved her life. He will forever be our hero. "We would like to be given the respect and space to grieve our devastating loss.” A statement on behalf of Jonny's family read: “Jonny was the person who lit up any room. He was so loved by everyone that met him. A loving partner, father, son and brother, we will miss him endlessly. As his partner I have lost my whole life.” Daniel's family called him "previous Dan Dan" in their heartwrenching statement. They said: “Rest in peace angel, we love you so much – sleep tight. We all loved you so much, precious Dan Dan.” His older brother added: “Fly high, little bro. I hope Heaven gives you the best bed up there until we meet again – your big bro, Smallz.” Daniel's best friend said: “Since the day I met you 16 years ago, you have been my brother and my best friend. I love you with all my heart brother, and we’re always thinking of you.”  A collision involving a silver Citroen Berlingo at around 11.10pm and emergency services raced to the scene. The families are being supported by specialist officers and an investigation is ongoing, with a grey Range Rover Sport that is believed to have been involved being located and recovered. Two men from Eastbourne, aged 38 and 40, were arrested on suspicion of murder, and have since been released on bail. Detective Superintendent Till Sanderson said: “This is a fast-moving, complex investigation into an incident in which three men sadly lost their lives. I would like to extend my condolences to their families and next of kin, who are being supported by specialist officers. “Enquiries are ongoing to establish the exact circumstances around Monday’s events and there will continue to be an increased police presence in the area. This is believed to be an isolated incident, with no wider risk to the community. “Anybody who witnessed the collision, saw any suspicious driving in the area around that time or has relevant CCTV, doorbell or dashcam footage, is asked to contact police online or via 101, quoting Operation Brinmore.” 