Tyson Fury has claimed that his brother Tommy could beat Jake Paul after drinking 10 beers, ahead of their fight on Sunday night. The two go head-to-head at Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia, but the world heavyweight champion feels as though there can only be one winner. At the third time of asking, Tommy Fury will finally box Paul in one of the most highly anticipated clashes in recent times. Although Paul may originate from the online world, he's done his best to get into the head of the 23-year-old rising star, and they will finally scrap on Sunday. Paul sees himself as a future champion, while Fury is very much at the start of what he hopes is a long and successful career. There is now even more at stake, as the pair agreed on a pre-fight bet that's essentially winner takes all as far as fight payment goes. But Fury's brother, Tyson, is that confident Paul will lose, that he has backed his sibling to win even if he drank 10 pints of beer. After a tense press conference on Thursday, Tommy revealed to BT Sport: "I had a chat with Tyson a few weeks ago and he said to me on the phone, 'There is no way this guy can live with you.' And he's seen me box in the gym. "He's seen my fights, everything. He said, 'I'm the heavyweight champion of the world. What I don't know about boxing isn't worth knowing. This guy can't live with you.' "He actually said I could go and have ten pints of beer the night before and still beat him." But Tyson's confidence has been matched by Paul, who is convinced he will expose Tommy's weaknesses to the world. Coming from the Fury family, there is a lot of pressure to deliver on Tommy's shoulders, and it's worth nothing that it was his father that agreed to the pre-fight bet - and not the fighter himself. Paul used this to his advantage, and said: "Your dad is more confident than you. "You realise that they can't be in the ring? You realise that Tyson can't be in the ring with you? You need your dad to hold your hand the whole entire time. "When your dad said deal you looked back at him like 'Why did you do that Dad?'. He can't hold your hand in the ring."