Newcastle will not appeal Nick Pope’s Carabao Cup final ban after the goalkeeper was sent off against Liverpool in the Premier League last weekend, according to reports. The Magpies will be vying for glory when they take on Manchester United at Wembley Stadium on Sunday.  Pope has been in stellar form for Newcastle after joining the club from Burnley last summer. The 30-year-old instantly became Eddie Howe’s first-choice shot-stopper after arriving at St James’ Park and has kept an incredible 16 clean sheets in 28 games for the club in all competitions. Pope has played in five of Newcastle’s six Carabao Cup matches this term as Newcastle booked their place in the final after seeing off Southampton in the semi-finals last month. But the England international was hit with a one-game ban after being dismissed for deliberately handling the ball outside his area during the visit of the Reds. Pope had raced out of his goal in an attempt to deal with a long kick forward from Liverpool keeper Alisson. But after going to ground, Pope stuck out his left arm to control the ball during a moment of madness as he tried to stop it from reaching Mohamed Salah. JUST IN: Jorginho opens up on reasons why he ditched Chelsea for Arsenal  According to the Daily Mail, Newcastle will leave Pope to serve his ban and instead call upon former Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius for the showdown with United, with Mark Gillespie being handed a place on the bench. Karius is yet to make his first-team debut for the Magpies after joining the club on a free transfer last September following his release from Liverpool. The 29-year-old is Newcastle’s third-choice keeper after Pope and Martin Dubravka. But Howe is unable to select the second-choice Dubravka as the Slovakia international has already appeared in this season’s Carabao Cup for Sunday’s opponents United during a loan spell at Old Trafford during the first half of the season. DON'T MISS Man Utd dressing room's private reaction to Jadon Sancho treatmentSerena Williams, Hamilton and Rashford glam up for London Fashion WeekGary Neville admits he 'can't get head' around Guardiola decision   Karius became infamous after a dreadful performance for Liverpool against Real Madrid in the 2018 Champions League final. The German was responsible for two of Real’s goals as he threw the ball straight at Karim Benzema, before letting a long-range effort from Gareth Bale slip through his fingertips as the La Liga giants ran out 3-1 winners. And his career nosedived in the aftermath. Karius never played another competitive match for Liverpool after that final and was soon shipped off to Besiktas on loan for two seasons before spending a year with Union Berlin. He returned to Anfield in the summer of 2021 but was deemed surplus to requirements last season and hasn’t made an appearance for two years. But Howe has now told the player to rewrite the story of his career at Wembley on Sunday. 