Manchester United have held a long-term interest in signing Barcelona ace Frenkie Jong. But they missed out on landing him last summer after the 25-year-old opted to stay at the Nou Camp. And with the talented midfielder set to grace the Old Trafford turf in a Europa League showdown on Thursday night, Express Sport takes a look at how the transfer situation has played out in recent weeks. Ten Hag holds talks United ultimately ended up signing Casemiro after failing to get their hands on De Jong during last summer’s transfer window. But, according to the Manchester Evening News, Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag has held internal talks about a second approach for the player at the end of the season. Ten Hag managed De Jong for 18 months at Ajax, with the duo helping the Dutch club reach the Champions League semi-finals in 2019 before losing to Tottenham. And United are confident their manager’s close relationship with the Netherlands international will work in their favour. The club also believe De Jong now wants to move to Old Trafford. Ten Hag lauds De Jong Ahead of United’s Europa League play-off first leg against Barcelona at the Nou Camp last Thursday, Ten Hag was asked about De Jong. And he revealed exactly what he thinks of the player. “In 2019, there was a lot of fascination with that Ajax team,” Ten Hag said. “Frenkie brought a lot of that fascination and he has developed over the following years in Spain. JUST IN: Thibaut Courtois tried to mock Mohamed Salah before huge error “He's a fantastic player and has become even better. Playing out from the back, he always has time. It was a pleasure working with him. He would strengthen any squad in the world. He's got unique quality.” Xavi’s view While reports suggest De Jong would have left Barcelona last summer if it hadn’t been for the fact he was owed deferred wages from the Covid pandemic, the Spanish club’s manager Xavi has maintained that the star midfielder never had any intentions to head for the Nou Camp exit. “I think he was really clear to me - he wanted to stay with us,” Xavi explained last week. DON'T MISS Leeds star Weston McKennie's transfer move now 'at risk'Newcastle star Fraser 'banished' to academy days before Man Utd clashUSA duo told they 'have got to get out' of the Premier League  “Now he’s our player, I’m really happy and satisfied with his performances, his leadership. He’s in a very good moment, like all the team. I think Frenkie is enjoying on the pitch and this is the most important thing.” De Jong’s girlfriend trolls fans De Jong’s girlfriend Mikky Kiemeney is certainly having plenty of fun with the transfer speculation around the player. Earlier this month, she hosted an Instagram question-and-answer session with her followers, where she discussed a whole range of subjects. She was asked by one follower: “When’s Frenkie coming to Manchester?” And she trolled Red Devils fans by showing them a screenshot of Barcelona’s fixture list as she hilariously wrote: “23-2 I guess.” 