Linda (played by Kellie Bright) has been left to deal with what happens to The Vic, and while it's already been revealed her friend Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) will offer to buy Mick's (Danny Dyer) share of the beloved EastEnders pub, a counteroffer will leaving her torn in upcoming episodes of the BBC soap. She ultimately makes a big decision - what could the future hold for Linda? In scenes yet to air, Linda is left stunned when she receives a photo of Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) with her son Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo), who raped Linda in 2014. Shocked, Linda retreats to the hallway and breaks down away from prying eyes. She is soon spotted by Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) though, who tries to console her. The pair end up having a heart-to-heart about what they've each been through in the past. READ MORE: Denise Welch sparks uproar with Nicola Bulley comments Later Linda goes on to reveal she has received a counteroffer from Nish (Navin Chowdhry) and Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) for Mick’s half of The Vic. Enraged by their deceit, Sharon confronts the couple and tries to get them to take back the offer. She turns to Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) for advice on Nish after realising he has recently done business with him. Linda is torn in her decision to sell Mick’s half of The Vic. After some wise words from Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker), Linda makes a secret phone call. What does she decide to do? Perhaps she will end up betraying Sharon by taking Nish and Suki's offer if it means she will make more money. Struggling and looking after two young children, she might decide she has to put her own family's needs first. It could be Patrick encourages her to take the money and start a new life with her kids. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star predicts Karren Brady will 'replace' Lord Sugar [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders fans 'work out' major Lola twist as co-star quits role [THEORY]Jeremy Clarkson told farm won't get special treatment [LATEST] Could the beloved character end up leaving the Square? It seems she is set to make a life-changing decision. She might end up selling the pub to the Panesars and moving away with her two children. She has expressed wanting to get away from Walford before because she was too overwhelmed by memories of Mick. It's possible she will take the Panesars' offer as her opportunity for a fresh start. This means the business-minded Panesars might soon be in control of Walford's central meeting point - The Vic. Will they make significant changes to the way the pub is run? It could be that the future will see a new era for The Vic, and with the Carters potentially all gone, Nish and Suki will likely be keen to leave their own stamp on the pub. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.