Frustration over Brexit is aimed at the lack of change since Britain left the EU, according to one voter. Voters in Harlow discussed their opinion on the decision to leave the bloc three years on. Fraser, a Remain-voting project manager, told GB News that he would vote Leave if the referendum was held again. He cited the EU's punishing treatment of the UK since the vote as the reason for his change of mind. Harlow is one of the biggest Brexit-voting places in the country and voted 68 percent to Leave in 2016. Speaking to GB News, Fraser said: "It has not been a disaster. I did vote Remain. My daughter lives in Budapest so that made sense for me to vote Remain. "But seeing the way the EU has acted towards Britain, in the negotiations but also what they continue to do, I would vote to leave if asked again." JUST IN: POLL – Do you support UK introducing voter ID requirements?  The converted Brexiteer urged the Government to stop raising taxes and public spending and instead focus on "trying to attract investment and start-ups". The other two people on the panel, Keith and Kay, both voted to leave the EU and remained convinced about their decision. Keith, a retired chartered accountant, said Brexit was "so far so good" but added that it "will take time" for the benefits of Brexit to emerge. He noted: "I give it five or ten years before making a decision on whether Brexit was a success or not."  Kay, who works as an administrator at the local hospital, was frustrated at the lack of control on Britain's borders. She criticised Rishi Sunak's Government for failing to act, saying: "I think the underlying vote on Brexit was being able to control our borders. "I feel the only thing controlling our borders right now is the weather." DON'T MISS: We have to eradicate last vestige of EU meddling to be truly sovereign [COMMENT]Brexit and Boris 'stopped Putin conquering Ukraine after invasion' [ANALYSIS]Shapps confirms UK would take down Chinese spy balloon [INTERVIEW]  Meanwhile, a new People Polling poll for Camilla Tominey Today on GB News found that an overwhelming amount of the British public think the UK got a bad Brexit deal from the EU Just 4 percent of the public think that the UK government got a “good deal” from the EU, while a whopping 54 percent say the UK government got a bad deal. Politics expert Professor Matt Goodwin said: “One thing that unites Leavers and Remainers is the fact that they both now think the government got a ‘bad deal’ from the EU. “The Government appears to have successfully alienated both sides, which may have a lot to do with the continuing disruption in Northern Ireland but also the changing economic context, the growing belief Brexit has not gone well and, for Leavers, the escalating levels of immigration into the country”. Among people who voted Leave in 2016, 69 percent said they still believe it was the right decision. 