Prince Harry has seen his popularity in the US take another blow as Prince William secured a strong lead on his brother in a new survey. A poll by Redfield & Wilton asked respondents to rate which brother better embodied loyalty, duty or trustworthiness and five other characteristics. The Prince of Wales emerged on top in five of the categories, with Prince Harry coming second to his brother on key royal traits. Of the 1,500 participants in the survey, 43 percent said Prince William better upheld the concept of duty so dear to the monarchy. The Duke of Sussex himself appeared to struggle with his duty as a royal, criticising William for his refusal to set aside his role as heir to the throne even during personal arguments. Writing in his book Spare about a spat with the Prince of Wales about Meghan Markle, Harry wrote: "He was in full Heir mode, and couldn't fathom why I wasn't dutifully playing the role of the Spare." The Redfield & Wilton poll saw William secure a 17-point lead over Prince Harry on leadership, a blow for the Duke as he has increasingly tried to emerge himself as a leader and advocate. READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG He created the Invictus Games in 2014 to bring together the serving military personnel and veterans through sport. And he won the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Ripple of Hope Award jointly with the Duchess of Sussex for their "heroic" stand against institutionalised racism within the Royal Family. The Prince of Wales took on an increasing number of duties to help the late Queen and his father during the pandemic and has quickly strengthened his position as the next in line to the throne. Following in the King's footsteps, he has been an outspoken advocate for the environment and created the Earthshot Prize to promote environmental research and innovation. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'needs a win' after series of Sussex blunders threaten brand The survey, conducted on behalf of Newsweek, also found Prince William to be considered the most trustworthy of the two brothers as 36 percent of respondents believe he is more likely to tell the truth than his brother. The Duke of Sussex scored only 27 percent as he and Meghan Markle have been repeatedly challenged over some of the claims they made about themselves and the Royal Family since stepping down from official duties. Prince William was also found to be more loyal by eight points – a testament to the impact of Prince Harry's memoir and his promotional book tour on his public standing in the US. While the Duke has maintained he wanted to share his truth about life within the Royal Family, he has also been criticised for publicly sharing his frustrations about his brother and father. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] Prince Harry was however found to be more likeable to Americans as he is considered one of them after he showcased his casual and playful self in appearances on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert or in his interview with James Corden in 2021. Poll respondents also said the Duke of Sussex had shown more effort to bridge the gap with the Royal Family compared to Prince William. While the Prince of Wales has adopted the family motto of "never complain, never explain", Harry has insisted he is eager to get his brother and father "back". He is also believed to be pushing for a private meeting with the King ahead of his Coronation to discuss their differences. The survey did also bring the brothers together in the last question of the poll, where William and Harry were tied to 31 percent each when participants were asked whether the brothers were a "positive force for change." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews