Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was unsure about Thomas Partey's fitness ahead of the trip to Leicester today. The Gunners can extend their lead at the top of the Premier League with victory at the King Power Stadium. Express Sport looks at the starting XI Arteta is expected to select. Aaron Ramsdale hasn't kept a clean sheet in his last five matches. The Gunners have conceded nine goals in that time, over a third of the total they've let in all season in the league. Ramsdale hasn't been at fault for many of them but has looked shaky at times behind a slightly out-of-form defence. He put in a man-of-the-match display in the win at Leicester last season and a similar performance would be welcomed by Arteta. READ MORE: Mudryk 'unhappy' at Chelsea already as club chief offers exit route  Despite being leaky of late, Arteta is unlikely to change his trusted back four. Ben White came in for Takehiro Tomiyasu at Aston Villa after being dropped for the defeat to Manchester City. White was at his best, especially in the second half, at Villa Park. Oleksandr Zinchenko grabbed his first Gunners goal as part of the comeback victory in the Midlands and he should keep his spot at left-back. William Saliba and Gabriel haven't been as solid as earlier in the season of late. But the pair will continue to be picked if they are fit and available. Partey has missed the last two matches with a muscular injury. The last thing Arteta will want to do is rush him back and see him sit on the sidelines for a longer period. He will only start at Leicester if he is deemed ready. Jorginho played well at Villa Park and was part of the dramatic ending, seeing his shot come off the bar and the back of Emi Martinez's head. The Italian will continue to deputise for Partey, with Martin Odegaard in his usual position. Arteta may consider giving Granit Xhaka a rest but perhaps may be more willing to do so in either of the two upcoming home games against Everton in midweek and Bournemouth next weekend. DON'T MISSSpanish press don't hold back on Garnacho after Man Utd beat BarcelonaMan Utd boss Ten Hag explains Rashford injury situation ahead of NewcastleMan Utd coach Benni McCarthy’s salary decision speaks volumes as impressive details emerge  Leandro Trossard wasn't at his best on his first league start for Arsenal. Gabriel Martinelli was left out of the starting XI for the first time this season and certainly made an impact when he came on. The Brazilian set up Jorginho for his crucial shot before grabbing a goal of his own to boost his confidence. Eddie Nketiah has struggled of late, not scoring in any of his last five. Arteta may consider using Trossard as a No 9 but again that may be more likely in matches at the Emirates. Bukayo Saka has featured in Arsenal's last 65 league games and will add to that today. FREE £2 shop bet in William Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper. 