For many UK expats, the dream of a comfortable retirement abroad has now been turned into a harsh reality. This is attributable to what is known as the frozen state pension, which is affecting thousands right across the world. The frozen pension policy impacts Britons who have chosen to retire abroad to countries which are not the following: Those who have retired to countries which are not included in this list will face a frozen state pension. Despite contributing to the UK's pension system for years, thousands of UK pensioners living overseas are facing financial difficulties as a result of a policy that freezes their pensions at the rate they were when they left the country. As a result, their pensions are worth far less in real terms, making it difficult for some to make ends meet. READ MORE: Britons could buy £4,950 of state pension for just £824 Combined with the cost of living crisis, some pensioners living abroad are struggling to cover basic living expenses. For example, a 2021 enquiry by the All-Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) on Frozen Pensions showed one in two of approximately 230,000 frozen pensioners in Australia were receiving £65 or less from their state pension. Ongoing challenges have led to significant anger and frustration among expat pensioners, who argue they have been unfairly treated. According to recent estimates, there are over one million UK pensioners living overseas, with the number expected to rise in the coming years. Not all these pensioners are impacted by the frozen state pension - with the End Frozen Pensions Campaign estimating some 500,000 are affected in this way. Many of these individuals reside in Commonwealth countries with a close cultural tie to the UK. For those affected, the ongoing issue appears to highlight the need to establish a “fair deal” for pensioners living abroad. The End Frozen Pensions Campaign and others continue to express disappointment with the Government’s response to the matter. READ MORE: Two million households to get £200 energy bills support from today They feel their contributions to the UK, through National Insurance contributions should be rewarded with a fair pension, regardless of where they choose to live in their retirement. Several pensioners have been highlighted by the End Frozen Pensions Campaign as being affected by a “cruel” policy. David March, a veteran who served for 10 years in the Royal Navy, saw his pension frozen at £61 per week, as he lives in South Africa. Albert Johnson, a 103-year-old World War II veteran and his wife, Mary, receive their UK state pension at a fraction of what it would otherwise be if they were in an eligible country, as they live in Australia. And Express.co.uk spoke to 100-year-old Eileen Holmes in 2022, who had worked in the Government Food Office during rationing, also saw her state pension frozen due to moving to Australia in 1963. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She explained: “It is the feeling of the dreadful unfairness of the British Government not paying what they should - National Insurance does not pay out properly. “The frozen pension is disgustingly unfair. They take your money, and then refuse to give you what you paid for.” People should be aware if they return to the UK, or to an eligible country, they will see their state pension “unfrozen” and uprated. A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”