An aggressive chicken left a man dead in a pool of blood, an inquest has heard. His daughter Virginia Guinan said in a deposition heard at the inquest in Ballaghaderreen that she later discovered a trail of blood which led her to the chicken house, home to a Brahma chicken already known to be aggressive. In her deposition, Virginia said on April 28, 2022, she had dropped shopping off to her father at about 12 noon. Ms Guinan said she was later contacted by a tenant at her father’s house, who told her what they had found. When she arrived, paramedics were already at the scene attempting to perform CPR. A puncture wound on his leg had resulted in massive bleeding. Virginia then discovered a trail of blood leading to the chicken house - and within it, the same bird that had earlier attacked her own daughter, now with blood on its claws. She said she then “realised that it must have been the chicken” that caused her father’s death. In her deposition, read out at the inquest, Dr Annette Jennings said the man’s death was unusual as a wound had been inflicted on his left calf by a chicken. Garda Eoin Browne of Clonark Garda Station told the inquest of the moment he was called out to the scene of sudden death. He said he arrived to be told that the paramedics' efforts at CPR had failed. Garda Browne said the man was lying on the kitchen floor in a pool of blood and had a wound inflicted on the back of one of his legs. The body of the grandfather was then taken to University Hospital Galway for a post-mortem. READ MORE: Horror moment dad stabbed on his own driveway in front of family [REVEAL] Her father had suffered from ill health, having previously had kidney failure and was in remission from cancer. In his evidence, Dr Ramadan Shatwan said when he carried out the autopsy, the deceased’s face was covered in dry blood but there were no cuts to his face. He said cause of death was due to lethal cardiac arrhythmia in the context of severe coronary atheroma and cardiomegaly. Dr Shatwan agreed that he had suffered a heart attack, adding another contributory factor was that the blood supply to the man’s heart was “severely calcified”. Ms Guinan said the family “knew his heart was bad”. 