Arsenal will fancy their chances against Sporting Lisbon to progress to the quarter-finals of the Europa League, but they'll have to find a way to cope with former Tottenham starlet Marcus Edwards. Sporting were one of the unseeded sides in Friday's draw after being knocked out of the Champions League group stages and beating FC Midtjylland 5-1 on aggregate in their Europa League play-off. They now face Arsenal for a spot in the Europa League quarter-finals with the first leg being played in Portugal on March 9. For Mikel Arteta's side, they'll be hoping to keep alive their hopes of winning the club's first Europa League title. Sporting have underperformed in the league this season and face a tough ask to qualify for next season's Champions League. But, even though they failed to get out of their Champions League group, Sporting earned high praise for taking four points away from Tottenham. The 1-1 draw between the two sides in October also saw Tottenham punished for letting Edwards leave the club as the winger scored a brilliant opening goal from outside the box. The 24-year-old was tipped for a bright future having come through the Tottenham academy with Mauricio Pochettino even likening him to a young Lionel Messi back in 2016.  A long-term injury curtailed his progress at Spurs and the attacker struggled to break into the first team after that. He eventually left Tottenham on a permanent basis in 2019 to Portuguese side Guimaraes and was soon back in north London to face off against Arsenal in the Europa League. And Edwards wasted no time in terrorising Arsenal's defence, opening the scoring for Guimaraes inside eight minutes with a neat finish. Arsenal managed to come back and win the tie 3-2 in dramatic fashion, but Edwards had certainly showcased his talents.  His performances for Guimaraes earned him a move to Sporting Lisbon in January 2022 and he's since taken his game to another level. Edwards has already reached a career-high tally with 10 goals and 10 assists in all competitions. He will be one of the main dangermen Arsenal will have to try and contain when the two sides meet in the Europa League next month. While far from living up to Pochettino's lofty expectations of emulating Messi's career, Edwards is slowly establishing himself as a star on the European stage. And he'll likely target the two legs against Arsenal as another opportunity to show exactly what Tottenham may have missed out on. FREE £2 shop bet in WIiliam Hill shops with Saturday's Daily Express, valid on the Manchester United v Newcastle game. Don't miss your chance for a free flutter on the game everyone's talking about with your paper.