Max Verstappen’s dramatic F1 title win was all fans were talking about 12 months ago as Lewis Hamilton’s F1 future remained unknown. Express Sport takes a look back at the events which led to Masi’s downfall. Sunday, December 12, 2021. Lewis Hamilton is leading the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with a handful of laps remaining en route to his eighth world championship. Seconds later, Nicholas Latifi crashes on the exit of turn 14, prompting race director Masi to call for a safety car. Hamilton stays out as Verstappen pits for fresh soft tyres, handing the Dutchman a lifeline to his fading championship hopes. Masi makes the crucial error as he allows only lapped cars between Hamilton and Verstappen to un-lap themselves moments before restarting the race. Masi’s decision breaks F1 regulations which state races must be restarted “at the end of the following lap”. The rules would have meant the finale finished behind the safety car with Hamilton as the victor instead of the Hollywood finish which followed. Verstappen passed Hamilton on fresher tyres within five corners of the restart to clinch his first title, sending shockwaves through the sport. READ MORE: Michael Schumacher's brother discusses Hamilton and Verstappen battle In the days following the drama, leaked team radio from Hamilton’s car claimed the seven-time champion believed the race was “being manipulated”. A month later, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff hinted Hamilton may not return to the grid after losing out on the crown. Meanwhile, social media was full of fans turning on F1 with many demanding an explanation for the controversy. The FIA delivered a thorough investigation into the chaos and then blamed Masi’s “human error” for the mistake. The governing body also appeared to point the finger at team bosses who apparently called for races to end under green flags. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tables Red Bull copycat theory after defiant statement [INSIGHT]F1 fans spot peculiar aspect of Hamilton and Russell's new Mercedes  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton hopes boosted as Russell offers positive W14 verdict [COMMENT] Masi lost his job as race director but retained a role within the FIA. The Australian’s job was also split in two with Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas in charge for 2022. The FIA also rewrote the rule book to clearly state that “all” cars must be unlapped before the end of the safety car. Bosses then revealed they had developed new technology to better help race directors make decisions. The report read: “The process of identifying lapped cars has up until now been a manual one and human error lead to the fact that not all cars were allowed to un-lap themselves. Due to the fact that manual interventions generally carry a higher risk of human error, software has been developed that will, from now on, automate the communication of the list of cars that must un-lap themselves.” Masi left the FIA in July 2022, seven months on from the fiasco in Abu Dhabi. Ahead of Masi's departure, many drivers had defended him with Verstappen even suggesting the FIA had thrown him “under the bus”. The FIA explained Masi left the organisation of his own accord despite being offered another role. A statement read: “The FIA confirms that Michael Masi has decided to leave the FIA and relocate to Australia to be closer to his family and take on new challenges.”